<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-008517.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-008517.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117171918
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-008517
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250113
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change in Shell Company Status
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blaize Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001871638
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41139
		FILM NUMBER:		25539614

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7770 NORFOLK AVE
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2027908050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7770 NORFOLK AVE
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BurTech Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210708
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d903961d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

--12-31false000187163800018716382025-01-132025-01-130001871638dei:FormerAddressMember2025-01-132025-01-130001871638us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-132025-01-130001871638us-gaap:WarrantMember2025-01-132025-01-13

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) January 17, 2025 (January 13, 2025)

Blaize Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41139 86-2708752

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4659 Golden Foothill Parkway, Suite 206

El Dorado Hills, California 95762

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(916) 347-0050

Registrants telephone number, including area code

BurTech Acquisition Corp.

1300 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Suite 700

Washington, DC20004

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share BZAI The Nasdaq Stock Market

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share BZAIW The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE

Unless the context otherwise requires, we, us, our, Blaize and the Company refer to Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a BurTech Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation), and its consolidated subsidiaries following the Closing (as defined below). Unless the context otherwise requires, references to BurTech refer to BurTech Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation, prior to the Closing. All references herein to the Board refer to the board of directors of the Company.

Terms used in this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Report) but not defined herein, or for which definitions are not otherwise incorporated by reference herein, shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus (as defined below) in the section entitled Frequently Used Terms beginning on page 2 thereof, and such definitions are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Business Combination

As disclosed under the sections entitled Proposal No. 1The Business Combination Proposal, The Business Combination and The Merger Agreement beginning on pages 137, 137 and 161, respectively, of the proxy statement/prospectus (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) by BurTech on December 2, 2024, BurTech entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of December 22, 2023 (as amended on April 22, 2024, October 24, 2024 and November 21, 2024), with BurTech Merger Sub, Inc., a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of BurTech (Merger Sub), Blaize, Inc. (Legacy Blaize), and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Burkhan Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and affiliate of BurTech (Burkhan). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub was merged with and into Legacy Blaize, with Legacy Blaize surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of BurTech (the Business Combination and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transactions).

Amendment No. 1 to Merger Agreement 

On April 22, 2024, BurTech, Merger Sub, Blaize and Burkhan entered into an Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement Amendment). The Merger Agreement Amendment amended the original Merger Agreement to increase the valuation of Blaize from $700 million to $767 million.

Amendment No. 2 to Merger Agreement 

On October 24, 2024, BurTech, Merger Sub, Blaize and Burkhan entered into an Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Second Amendment to Merger Agreement). The Second Amendment to Merger Agreement amended the original merger agreement to revise the New Blaize Board designees to be comprised of nine members, including four individuals to be designated by Blaize (rather than two individuals to be designated by Sponsor and two individuals to be designated by Blaize in the previous merger agreement) and five independent directors, designated by Blaize after consultation, in good faith, with BurTech regarding the determination of the independent directors, with Lane M. Bess to be designated as the Chairman until a new chairperson is appointed by the New Blaize Board.

Amendment No. 3 to Merger Agreement 

On November 21, 2024, BurTech, Merger Sub, Blaize and Burkhan entered into an Amendment No. 3 to Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Third Amendment to Merger Agreement). The Third Amendment to Merger Agreement amended the original merger agreement to (i) revise the New Blaize Board designees to be comprised of seven members, including two individuals to be designated by Blaize and five independent directors, designated by Blaize after consultation, in good faith, with BurTech regarding the determination of the independent directors, with Lane M. Bess to be designated as the Chairman until a new chairperson is appointed by the New Blaize Board, (ii) remove the agreement between BurTech, Sponsor and Burkhan to enter into the Stockholders Agreement at the closing of the Business Combination and to remove such Form of Stockholders Agreement as an exhibit to the original merger agreement and (iii) replace the proposed Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with a new Form of Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to reflect that the New Blaize Board will not be a classified board.

Special Meeting and Closing of the Transactions 

On December 23, 2024, BurTech held a special meeting in lieu of the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting), at which the BurTech stockholders considered and adopted, among other matters, a proposal to approve the Business Combination, including (a) adopting the Merger Agreement and (b) approving the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and related agreements described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, following the Special Meeting, on January 13, 2025 (the Closing Date), the Transactions were consummated (the Closing).

Item 2.01 of this Report discusses the consummation of the Transactions and the entry into agreements relating thereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Non-Redemption and Put Option Financing

As previously disclosed, on and around December 31, 2024, BurTech and certain unaffiliated stockholders of BurTech named therein (each, an Investor and collectively, the Investors), entered into agreements (each, a Non-Redemption Agreement and collectively, the Non-Redemption Agreements) pursuant to which the Investors agreed not to redeem (or validly rescind any redemption requests on) their shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Class A Stock) of BurTech (Non-Redeemed Shares) and, in exchange, Blaize and BurTech LP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Sponsor) Sponsor have agreed to guarantee that each Investor receives a return of $1.50 per Non-Redeemed Share whether Investor (i) sells the Non-Redeemed Shares in the open market or (ii) exercises its option to require the Company to repurchase the Non-Redeemed Shares (the Put Option) in accordance with the Non-Redemption Agreement (collectively, the NRA Financing).

In connection with the NRA Financing, at Closing, the Investors deposited an aggregate of 2,854,242 Non-Redeemed Shares (such shares, the Reserved Blaize Shares) into a share escrow account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Continental), as escrow agent, and Continental transferred an aggregate of $33.1 million from BurTechs trust account into a newly established funds escrow account, which is the aggregate amount received by BurTech from the Investors in connection with the Non-Redemption Agreements. Following the Closing, the Company is required to pay to an Investor in cash, at any time such Investor sells Reserved Blaize Shares in the market, and the Company and Sponsor, as applicable, are required to pay to the Investor in cash at any time the Investor exercises the Put Option, a guaranteed return of $1.50 per Reserved Blaize Share subject to such sale or exercise (the Guaranteed Return Per Share), so long as the price per share of Common Stock on the date of such sale or exercise is less than $13.57 per share (the Put Price Per Share). Following any sale by an Investor of a Reserved Blaize Share into the open market, Blaize is entitled to receive (i) $11.57 from the funds escrow account if the sales price in the open market (the Sales Price) equals or exceeds the Put Price Per Share or (ii) an amount equal to the difference between $11.57 and the Sales Price if the Sales Price is less than the Put Price Per Share, provided that no cash will be released to the Company from the funds escrow account in an amount that would cause the cash remaining in the funds escrow account to be less than the product of the Put Price Per Share and the number of Reserved Blaize Shares reamining in the share escrow account. If the shares of Common Stock trade at or above $13.00 per share for twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period, the Put Option shall automatically terminate and the Reserved Blaize Shares held in the Share Escrow Account shall be distributed back to the Investor in accordance with the share escrow agreements.

The foregoing description of the Non-Redemption Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the form of Non-Redemption Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.9 and is incorporated herein by reference.

PIPE Investment

As previously disclosed, on and around December 31, 2024 through January 13, 2025, BurTech and certain subscribers (each, a Subscriber and collectively, the Subscribers) entered into subscription agreements (each, a PIPE Subscription Agreement and collectively, the PIPE Subscription Agreements) pursuant to which BurTech agreed to issue and sell to the Subscribers, immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, collectively, 1,540,300 shares of Class A Stock (the PIPE Shares) at a price per share equal to $10.00 (the PIPE Investment). The PIPE Subscription Agreement provides, among other things, that the Company will file a resale shelf registration statement on Form S-1 within forty-five (45) calendar days of the Closing.

The foregoing description of the PIPE Subscription Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the form of PIPE Subscription Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.10 and is incorporated herein by reference.

PIPE Shares

On January 13, 2025, immediately prior to the Closing, BurTech issued 1,540,300 shares of Class A Stock to the Subscribers in accordance with the terms of the PIPE Subscription Agreement. The shares of Class A Stock issued in the PIPE were offered in a private placement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to the PIPE Subscription Agreements.

Bess Ventures Secured Promissory Notes and Related Transactions

Bess Ventures and Advisory, LLC (Bess Ventures), which held within Legacy Blaizes last fiscal year more than 5% of Legacy Blaizes outstanding capital stock and is affiliated with a member of the Blaize board of directors, Lane Bess, is a party to the Promissory Note Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2024 (the Bess 2024 Note), pursuant to which the Sponsor, which currently holds more than 5% of the Companys outstanding capital stock, has borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $13,000,000 from Bess Ventures in exchange for 500,000 shares of Class A Stock to be transferred upon the later of the consummation of the Business Combination or expiration or waiver of the post-closing lock up restrictions to permit such transfer. The Bess 2024 Note bore simple interest at a rate of ten percent (10%) and was payable on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2024 or (ii) the first business day following the date upon which the Sponsor has received from and after January 1, 2024 aggregate net proceeds from its

2

investors in an amount of $25,000,000. Following the due date of March 31, 2024, interest at the default rate of fifteen percent (15%) began to accrue on the principal and unpaid interest obligations, and an additional 500,000 shares of Class A Stock are to be transferred to Bess Ventures. As of January 13, 2025, the aggregate amount outstanding under the Bess 2024 Note is approximately $14.8 million, and no payments or interest or principal on the loan have been paid. The obligations due under the Bess 2024 Note are secured by the Security Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2024 (the Bess Security Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor has granted a security interest in all of Sponsors right, title and interest in and to the personal property and assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, set forth in Exhibit A thereto, including (i) Sponsors interest in Legacy Blaizes Pay-to-Play Convertible Notes (the P2P Notes), pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement dated April 22, 2024, among Legacy Blaize and certain investors (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the Note Purchase Agreement), in an aggregate principal amount up to $13.0 million, (ii) any securities issued upon the conversion thereof, (iii) all of Sponsors rights, title and interests under the Note Purchase Agreement and all other financing statements, agreements, instruments and documents granting, perfecting or protecting a security interest in Legacy Blaizes assets to secure the P2P Notes and (iv) all proceeds of each of the foregoing.

In connection with the Bess Security Agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsors obligations due under the Bess 2024 Note (with an aggregate principal amount of $13.0 million) are secured by all of the Sponsors right, title and interest in and to the personal property and assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, set forth in Exhibit A thereto, the Sponsor, Bess Ventures and Legacy Blaize entered into a Letter Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2024 (the Bess Letter Agreement), pursuant to which Legacy Blaize acknowledged and agreed to the grant of security and the obligations set forth in the Bess Security Agreement and other related loan documents, and further agreed to comply with certain instructions and procedures as set forth therein. As of April 1, 2024, Sponsor was in default of the repayment terms in connection with the Bess 2024 Note, the Bess Security Agreement and the Bess Letter Agreement as a result of its failure to make a timely repayment of the outstanding balance that was due on March 31, 2024.

On September 16, 2024, Bess Ventures and the Sponsor entered into a forbearance agreement, in connection with which Bess Ventures agreed to forbear from the exercise of its remedies under the Bess 2024 Note, the Bess Security Agreement and the related loan documents until the earlier of (i) January 6, 2025 or (ii) the date that is 45 days following the consummation of the Business Combination.

On January 2, 2025, Bess Ventures and the Sponsor entered into several related transactions including (i) a second forbearance agreement and omnibus amendment (the Second Forbearance Agreement), in connection with which Bess Ventures agreed to extend the forbearance period with respect to the Bess 2024 Note to February 5, 2025 in exchange for certain additional collateral including the pledge by the Sponsor of 3.0 million Class A Stock (representing the 1.0 million shares required to be transferred to Bess Ventures under the Bess 2024 Note and 2.0 million other shares pledged as collateral under the Security Agreement (as defined below)), and (ii) that certain Promissory Note Due February 20, 2025, pursuant to which Bess Ventures loaned $12.0 million to the Sponsor which loan is interest free prior to its maturity on February 20, 2025 and includes the obligation to transfer 500,000 shares of Class A Stock to Bess Ventures (the Bess 2025 Note). The obligations due under the Bess 2025 Note are secured by the Security Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2025, pursuant to which the Sponsor has granted a security interest in all of Sponsors right, title and interest in and to the personal property and assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, set forth in Exhibit A thereto, in and to 2.5 million shares in Class A Stock (representing the 500,000 shares required to be transferred to Bess Ventures under the Bess 2025 Note and 2 million other shares pledged as collateral) and all proceeds thereof. As consideration for the Second Forbearance Agreement and the Bess 2025 Note, pursuant to that certain Guaranty, Pledge and Repayment Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2025, Burkhan LLC has further guaranteed the Sponsors obligations with respect to the Bess 2024 Note and Bess 2025 Note and pledged as security for such obligations, 2.0 million shares of Class A Stock. As of January 13, 2025, the forbearance period under the Second Forbearance Agreement has not expired or been terminated.

3

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement

On January 13, 2025, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Blaize, the Sponsor, certain stockholders of Legacy Blaize and certain stockholders of BurTech entered into that certain Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the A&R Registration Rights Agreement). The material terms of the A&R Registration Rights Agreement are described in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page 175 titled Certain Agreements Related to the Business CombinationRegistration Rights Agreement. Such description is qualified in its entirety by the text of the A&R Registration Rights Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 10.1 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

Registration Rights Agreement

On January 13, 2025, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Blaize and certain stockholders of Legacy Blaize entered into that certain Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which Blaize agreed to register for resale within four (4) business days of the closing of the Business Combination, pursuant to the Securities Act, certain shares of Common Stock and other equity securities of New Blaize that are held by the parties thereto from time to time on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. Such description is qualified in its entirety by the text of the Registration Rights Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 10.11 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

Stockholder Lock-Up Agreement

On January 13, 2025, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, certain former Legacy Blaize stockholders entered into that certain Lock-Up Agreement (the Stockholder Lock-Up Agreement) pursuant to which they each agreed, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock held by them (such shares, together with any securities convertible into or exchangeable for or representing the rights to receive shares of Common Stock if any, acquired during the Lock-Up Period (as defined below), the Stockholder Lock-Up Shares), (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of the Stockholder Lock-Up Shares, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise with respect to the Stockholder Lock-Up Shares or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction of the types specified in clause (i) or (ii) until the date that is 180 days after the Closing Date (the period from the date of the agreement until such date, the Stockholder Lock-Up Period). At Closing, approximately 34.39% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are subject to lock-up restrictions in connection with the Stockholder Lock-Up Agreement.

4

The Stockholder Lock-Up Period shall terminate upon the earlier of:

(A) for the first 25% of each securityholders Stockholder Lock-Up Shares, (i) the expiration of the Stockholder Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property and (iii) the liquidation of the Company;

(B) for an additional 25% of each securityholders Stockholder Lock-Up Shares, (i) the expiration of the Stockholder Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation of the Company;

(C) for an addition 25% of each securityholders Stockholder Lock-Up Shares, (i) the expiration of the Stockholder Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or exceeds $15.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation of the Company; or

(D) for an additional 25% of each securityholders Stockholder Lock-Up Shares, (i) the expiration of the Stockholder Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or exceeds $17.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation of the Company.

The foregoing description of the Stockholder Lock-Up Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Stockholder Lock-Up Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.12 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

Noteholder Lock-Up Agreement

On January 13, 2025, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, certain former Legacy Blaize convertible noteholders entered into that certain Lock-Up Agreement (the Noteholder Lock-Up Agreement) pursuant to which they each agreed, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, seventy-five percent (75%) of the shares of Common Stock held by them (such shares, together with any securities convertible into or exchangeable for or representing the rights to receive shares of Common Stock if any, acquired during the Noteholder Lock-Up Period (as defined below), the Noteholder Lock-Up Shares), (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of the Noteholder Lock-Up Shares, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise with respect to the Noteholder Lock-Up Shares or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction of the types specified in clause (i) or (ii) until the date that is 180 days after the Closing Date (the period from the date of the agreement until such date, the Noteholder Lock-Up Period). At Closing, approximately 0.16% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are subject to lock-up restrictions in connection with the Noteholder Lock-Up Agreement.

The Noteholder Lock-Up Period shall terminate upon the earlier of:

(A) for the first 25% of each securityholders Noteholder Lock-Up Shares, the Closing Date;

(B) for an additional 25% of each securityholders Noteholder Lock-Up Shares, (i) the expiration of the Noteholder Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the

5

Closing Date that results in all of the public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation of the Company;

(C) for an addition 25% of each securityholders Noteholder Lock-Up Shares, (i) the expiration of the Noteholder Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or exceeds $15.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation of the Company; or

(D) for an additional 25% of each securityholders Noteholder Lock-Up Shares, (i) the expiration of the Noteholder Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or exceeds $17.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation of the Company.

The foregoing description of the Noteholder Lock-Up Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Noteholder Lock-Up Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.13 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

Secured Promissory Note and Pledge Agreement

On January 13, 2025, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor issued a secured promissory note and pledge agreement (the Sponsor Note) to BurTech (the Holder) in the principal amount of US$8,753,744.21, bearing with respect to the remaining principal amount of the Sponsor Note as at the maturity date an interest rate of 7% with annual compounding, compounded on December 31 each year the Sponsor Note remains outstanding until such remaining principal amount is paid. Pursuant to the Sponsor Note, the Sponsor agreed to pay certain of the Acquiror Transaction Expenses (as defined in the Merger Agreement) set forth in the Sponsor Note. As consideration for entry into the Sponsor Note, BurTech issued 750,000 shares of Class A Stock (Sponsor Note Shares) to the Sponsor in accordance with the terms of the Sponsor Note (the Sponsor Note Issuance and together with the PIPE Investment, the Private Placements). The shares of Class A Stock issued in consideration for the Sponsor Note were offered in a private placement under the Securities Act, pursuant to the Sponsor Note. The Sponsor is obligated to pay the Acquiror Transaction Expenses set forth in the Sponsor Note within ninety days after the date that the Sponsor Note Shares have been registered for resale under the Securities Act. The Sponsor granted a first priority security interest in, and pledged, 2,000,000 shares of Class A Stock and all proceeds thereof to the Holder to secure the satisfaction by the Sponsor of all its obligations to the Holder under the Sponsor Note. The outstanding principal and accrued interest under the Sponsor Note is due and payable upon the Maturity Date. Additionally, in the event that the Company is required to pay any of the Acquiror Transaction Expenses subject to the Sponsor Note, the Sponsor is obligated to reimburse the Company for such payments within 90 days of such payment by the Company.

The foregoing description of the Sponsor Note does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Sponsor Note, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.14 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on January 13, 2025, BurTech,Merger Sub, Blaize and Burkhan confirmed to one another that all conditions to the Closing set forth in Article IX of the Merger Agreement have beensatisfied, and expressly waived the conditions that remained unsatisfied on such date through the execution of that certain Letter Agreement (the LetterAgreement), dated as of January 13, 2025, by and among BurTech, Merger Sub, Blaize, Burkhan, and the Sponsor which is attached hereto as Exhibit10.15 to this Report, and which is incorporated herein by reference. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, Blaize waived the conditions to Closing (1) underSection 9.3(d) of the Merger Agreement that BurTech have available proceeds of not less than $125,000,000 remaining upon the consummation of theMerger, and (2) under Section 9.3(f) of the Merger Agreement that the sum of the BurTech trust account plus the amount of immediately available fundsreceived by BurTech pursuant to purchases of shares of Class A Stock on the terms provided in the Backstop Subscription Agreement (the BackstopAgreement), dated as of April 22, 2024, by and among BurTech, Blaize and the Sponsor, shall be no less than $30,000,000, to allow the parties toproceed to Closing. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, BurTech waived the obligations of the Sponsor under the Backstop Agreement and, in lieu of suchobligations, Burkhan entered into a PIPE Subscription Agreement to purchase an aggregate of 1,200,000 shares of Class A Stock at a purchase price of$10.00 per share for aggregate proceeds of $12,000,000 to the Company. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, the Company agreed to register for resalewithin four (4) business days of the closing of the Business Combination, pursuant to the Securities Act, certain shares of the Sponsor and the SponsorGroup (as defined in the A&R Registration Rights Agreement) on the same terms and subject to the same conditions as the Registration RightsAgreement.

The foregoing description of the Letter Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Letter Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.15 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01. 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

As described in Item 1.01 above, on December 23, 2024, BurTech held the Special Meeting, at which the BurTech stockholders considered and adopted, among other matters, a proposal to approve the Merger Agreement and the Transactions. On January 13, 2025, the Business Combination was consummated. In connection with the Closing, the Company changed its name from BurTech Acquisition Corp. to Blaize Holdings, Inc.

Holders of 937,844 shares of Class A Stock, sold in BurTechs initial public offering (the Initial Shares) properly exercised their right to have such shares redeemed for a full pro rata portion of the trust account holding the proceeds from BurTechs initial public offering, calculated as of two business days prior to the Closing, which was approximately $11.58 per share, or $10,863,000.50 in the aggregate.

As a result of the Business Combination, each share of Legacy Blaize preferred stock and common stock was converted into the right to receive approximately 0.78 shares of Common Stock.

Additionally, the shares of BurTech Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Class B Stock), held by Sponsor automatically converted to five (5) shares of Common Stock.

As described in Item 1.01 above, on January 13, 2025, pursuant to the PIPE Subscription Agreements, BurTech issued and sold to the Subscribers immediately prior to the closing of the Merger 1,540,300 PIPE Shares.

As described in Item 1.01 above, on January 13, 2025, pursuant to the Sponsor Note, BurTech issued to the Sponsor immediately prior to the closing of the Merger 750,000 shares of Class A Stock.

6

After giving effect to the Transactions, the redemption of Initial Shares as described above, and the consummation of the NRA Financing and Private Placements, there are currently 101,588,967 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.

The Common Stock and warrants of the Company (Warrants) commenced trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) under the symbols BZAI and BZAIW, respectively, on January 14, 2025, subject to ongoing review of the Companys satisfaction of all listing criteria following the Business Combination.

As noted above, an aggregate of approximately $10,863,000.50 was paid from the Companys trust account to holders that properly exercised their right to have Initial Shares redeemed, and the remaining balance immediately prior to the Closing of approximately $3,619,173.85 remained in the trust account (not including $33.1 million remaining in the trust account in connection with the NRA Financing). The remaining amount in the trust account was used to fund the Business Combination.

7

FORM 10 INFORMATION

Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K states that if the registrant was a shell company, as the Company was immediately before the Business Combination, then the registrant must disclose the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10. As a result of the consummation of the Business Combination, and as discussed below in Item 5.06 of this Report, the Company has ceased to be a shell company. Accordingly, the Company is providing below the information that would be included in a Form 10 if it were to file a Form 10. Please note that the information provided below relates to the combined company after the consummation of the Business Combination, unless otherwise specifically indicated or the context otherwise requires.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Report includes statements that express the Companys opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or projections regarding future events or future results and therefore are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms believes, continues, could, estimates, anticipates, expects, seeks, projects, intends, predicts, plans, may, might, possible, potential, would, or should or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Report (including in information that is incorporated by reference into this Report) and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, the Transactions and the benefits of the Transactions, including results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the markets in which the Company operates. Such forward-looking statements are based on available current market material and managements expectations, beliefs and forecasts concerning future events impacting the Company.

As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the actual results or performance of the Company may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The following important factors, in addition to those discussed under the heading Risk Factors in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, could affect the future results of the Company and cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements:

the ability to achieve or sustain profitability;

changes in applicable laws or regulations;

failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination;

the ability to maintain the listing of the shares of Common Stock and warrants of the Company on Nasdaq;

risks related to the loss of one or more key employees or failure to attract and retain highly skilled employees;

risks related to the Companys software or hardware containing serious errors or defects, which may result in lost revenue and market acceptance and costs to defend or settle claims with customers;

increases in cost, interruptions in service, latency or poor service from third-party data center providers;

the impact of the failure to acquire new customer, retain existing customers, terminate existing customer or partnership contracts or expand sales to existing customers; and

other risks and uncertainties described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, including those under the section entitled Risk Factors.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on the Companys current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on the Company. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company has anticipated. These forward-looking

8

statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the Companys control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described or incorporated by reference under the heading Risk Factors below. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. The Company will not and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

Business

The business of the Company is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Information About Blaize beginning on page 209 thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

Risk Factors

The risks associated with the Companys business are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 51 thereof and are incorporated herein by reference. A summary of the risks associated with the Companys business are also described on pages 45-46 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus under the heading Summary of Risk Factors and are incorporated herein by reference.

Financial Information

Consolidated Financial Statements

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 of Legacy Blaize set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and pursuant to the regulations of the SEC. The unaudited financial information reflects, in the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair statement of Legacy Blaizes financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period indicated. The results reported for the interim period presented are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the full year.

These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the historical audited consolidated financial statements of Legacy Blaize as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related notes included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, the section entitled Blaize Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 228 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the section entitled Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included herein.

The audited consolidated financial statements of Legacy Blaize as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related notes are included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page F-2 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 is included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information beginning on page 108 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of the Company as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is set forth in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Managements discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operation of Legacy Blaize as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023 is included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Blaize Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 228 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Additionally, our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. References in this section to Blaize, we, our, us and the Company generally refer to Legacy Blaize and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the Business Combination and to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries after giving effect to the Business Combination.

9

Properties

The properties of the Company are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Information About Blaize beginning on page 209 thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table sets forth information known to us regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock immediately following consummation of the Transactions by:

each person who is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock;

each of our named executive officers and directors; and

all of our executive officers and directors as a group.

Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. Except as described in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community property laws and similar laws, we believe that each person listed above has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares. Unless otherwise noted, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Blaize Holdings, Inc., 4659 Golden Foothill Parkway, Suite 206, El Dorado Hills, CA 95762.

The beneficial ownership of our Common Stock is based on 101,588,967 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately following consummation of the Transactions, including the redemption of Initial Shares as described above and the consummation of the NRA Financing and Private Placements.

10

Beneficial Ownership Table 

Name of Beneficial Owners Number of

Shares of

Common

Stock

Beneficially

Owned Percentage of

Outstanding

Common Stock 

5% Stockholders: 

Bess Ventures and Advisory, LLC(1) 9,574,251 9.40 % 

Funds affiliated with Rizvi Traverse CI Manager, LLC(2) 7,439,433 7.32 % 

Ava Investors SA(3) 17,716,892 17.44 % 

Sponsor and related parties(4) 12,345,767 12.15 % 

Funds affiliated with DENSO(5) 9,195,111 9.05 % 

Anderson Investments Pte. Ltd.(6) 6,353,023 6.25 % 

Directors and Named Executive Officers: 

Lane M. Bess(1) 9,574,251 9.40 % 

Tony Cannestra(7) 733,350 * 

Edward Frank(8) 722,035 * 

Juergen Hambrecht(9) 722,035 * 

Dinakar Munagala(10) 3,421,625 3.28 % 

Harminder Sehmi(11) 506,514 * 

George de Urioste 0.0 % 

Yoshiaki Fujimori 0.0 % 

Santiago Fernandez-Gomez(12) 819,683 * 

Val Cook(13) 1,054,038 1.03 % 

Directors and executive officers as a group (10 individuals) 17,553,531 17.13 % 

* 

Less than one percent.

(1) 

Consists of (a) 8,946,783 shares of Common Stock held by Bess Ventures, (b) 389,968 shares of Common Stock held by the Trust and (c) 237,500 shares of Common Stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of the Closing. Lane M. Bess is the (i) managing member and owner of Bess Ventures and (ii) the Investment Fiduciary of the Trust. Lane M. Bess may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of Blaize capital stock beneficially owned by Bess Ventures and the Trust. The address of Bess Ventures is c/o Lane M. Bess, 1928 Sunset Harbor Drive, Miami Beach, FL 33139. The address of the Trust is 255 Alhambra Circle, Ste 333, Coral Gables, FL 33134.

(2) 

Consists of (a) 1,211,952 shares of Common Stock held by RT-AI II, LLC, (b) 842,890 shares of Common Stock held by RT-AI III, LLC, (c) 2,548,556 shares of Common Stock held by RT-AI IV LLC, (d) 836,035 shares of Common Stock held by RT-AI V LLC (collectively, the RT Funds) and (e) 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock held by Rizvi Master LLC (Rizvi Master). Rizvi Traverse CI Manager, LLC (RTCIM) is the manager of each of the RT Funds. Mr. Suhail Rizvi is the manager of RTCIM and Rizvi Master. Mr. Rizvi may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the RT Funds and Rizvi Master, but disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares, except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. The address of the RT Funds and Rizvi Master is c/o Rizvi Traverse CI Manager, LLC, 801 Northpoint Parkway, Suite 129, West Palm Beach, FL 33407.

(3) 

Consists of 17,716,892 shares of Common Stock held by Ava Private Markets Sarl (Ava Private Markets) and affiliates. Ava Investors SA is the investment manager of Ava Private Markets and exercises investment power with respect to the securities held by Ava Private Markets. Barthelemy Debray, Raphalle Mahieu and Benjamin Hazan may be deemed to exercise investment power with respect to the securities. Each of the persons above disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities, except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. The address of each of the persons above is c/o Ava Investors SA, Rue du Rhne 78, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland.

(4) 

Consists of 12,345,767 shares of Common Stock held by the Sponsor and related parties. BurTech LP LLC, the Sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Shahal Khan, Patrick Orlando and Roman Livson are the managing members of our sponsor. By virtue of this relationship, Messrs. Khan, Orlando and Livson may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by the Sponsor. Messrs. Khan, Orlando and Livson disclaim any beneficial ownership except to the extent of their pecuniary interest in such securities. The address of the Sponsor and related parties is c/o BurTech Acquisition Corp., 1300 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Suite 700, Washington, DC 20004.

(5) 

Consists of (a) 4,673,746 shares of Common Stock held by DENSO Corporation and (b) 4,521,365 shares of Common Stock held by DENSO International America, Inc. DENSO International America Inc. is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of DENSO Corporation, and therefore, investment or voting power regarding shares held by DENSO International America Inc. is made by DENSO Corporation. In such capacity, DENSO Corporation may be deemed to have voting and investment power over the shares held by DENSO International America Inc. as well as shares held directly by DENSO Corporation. Investment and voting decisions regarding such shares are made by the board of directors of DENSO Corporation upon a recommendation by management, acting by majority vote and, as a result, no individual member of the board of directors acting alone has the ability to exercise investment or voting power regarding such shares. The membership of the board of directors

11

is subject to change from time to time. The board of directors currently consists of Koji Arima, Shinnosuke Hayashi, Yasushi Matsui, Yasuhiko Yamazaki, Akio Toyoda, Shigeki Kushida, Yuko Mitsuya and Joseph P. Schmelzeis Jr. Each of the members of the board of directors of DENSO Corporation disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares. The address of each of DENSO International America, Inc. and DENSO Corporation is 24777 Denso Dr, Southfield, MI 48033 and 1Chome-1 Showacho, Kariya, Aichi 448-0029, Japan, respectively.

(6) 

Consists of 6,353,023 shares of Common Stock held by Anderson. Anderson is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Thomson, which in turn is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Tembusu, which in turn is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Temasek and may be deemed to share voting and investment power over the shares held by Anderson. In such capacities, each of Temasek, Tembusu and Thomson may be deemed to share voting and investment power over the shares held by Anderson. Investment and voting decisions regarding such shares are made by an investment committee of Temasek, acting by majority vote and, as a result, no individual investment committee member acting alone has the ability to exercise investment or voting power regarding such shares. The membership of the investment committee is subject to change from time to time. The investment committee currently consists of Dilhan Pillay, Chia Song Hwee, Nagi Hamiyeh, Ravi Lambah, Rohit Sipahimalani, Uwe Krueger, Wu Yibing, Png Chin Yee, John Marren, Alpin Mehta, Suranjan Mukherjee, Martin Fichtner and Anuj Maheshwari. Each of the members of the investment committee disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares. The address for Anderson, Thomson, Tembusu and Temasek is 60B Orchard Road, #06-18, The Atrium@Orchard, Singapore 238891.

(7) 

Consists of 733,350 shares of Common Stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of the Closing.

(8) 

Consists of 722,035 shares of Common Stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of the Closing.

(9) 

Consists of 722,035 shares of Common Stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of the Closing.

(10) 

Consists of (a) 553,422 shares of Common Stock held directly by Dinakar Munagala and (b) 2,868,203 shares of Common Stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of the Closing.

(11) 

Consists of 506,514 shares of Common Stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of the Closing.

(12) 

Consists of 819,683 shares of Common Stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of the Closing.

(13) 

Consists of 1,054,038 shares of Common Stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of the Closing.

Directors and Executive Officers

The Companys directors and executive officers upon the Closing are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Directors and Officers After the Business Combination beginning on page 277 thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

Directors 

Pursuant to the approval of BurTech stockholders from the Special Meeting, the following persons will constitute the Companys Board effective upon the Closing: Dinakar Munagala, Harminder Sehmi, Edward Frank, Lane Bess, Juergen Hambrecht, Tony Cannestra, George de Urioste and Yoshiaki Fujimori. Biographical information for these individuals (other than Mr. Fujimori) is set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Directors and Executive Officers After the Business Combination beginning on page 277, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Yoshiaki Fujimori 

Yoshiaki Fujimori, age 74, joined as a member of our board of directors following the closing of the Business Combination. He is currently an outside director for Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited since June 2016. He is also an outside director for Boston Scientific Corporation since July 2016, and also an outside director and Chairman for Oracle Japan Corporation since August 2018. He is a partner of Corporate Support Research Institute Ltd. since July 2023. He serves as a Senior Executive Advisor for CVC Capital Partners Asia Pacific Japan Ltd. since February 2017. He serves as outside director for those portfolio companies of CVC including Riraku Co. Ltd., Torai Co. Ltd. and Sogo Medical Co. Ltd. He also serves as a Senior Executive Advisor for GENPACT Japan Ltd. since January 2018. He serves as a Senior Advisor for Deloitte-Tohmatsu Financial Advisory LLC since October 2020. He serves as a Senior Executive Advisor for DigitalBridge Group Inc. since September 2024. He owns controlling ownership of those private companies including Hobart Inc., Capital Z Inc., Future Leadership Platform Inc., and zSustainergy Inc. Previously he spent 25 years with General Electric for various CEO roles including CEO of GE Plastics, CEO of GE Healthcare Asia, CEO of GE Money Asia and CEO of GE Asia. He served as outside director for Toshiba Corporation from 2019 to 2021 and Shiseido Co. Ltd. from 2020 to 2022. Mr. Fujimori received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Petroleum Engineering from the University of Tokyo and a Master in Business Administration from Carnegie Mellon Graduate School of Business, where he serves as a member of the Board of Trustees. We believe that Mr. Fujimori is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his education, extensive leadership and director experiences for companies in the technology and manufacturing spaces.

12

Independence of Directors 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the companys board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of the directors qualify as independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, other than Dinakar Munagala and Lane M. Bess. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Effective as of the Closing, the standing committees of the Companys Board consist of an audit committee (the Audit Committee) and a compensation committee (the Compensation Committee). Each of the committees report to the Board.

Effective as of the Closing, the Board appointed Messrs. de Urioste, Frank and Cannestra to serve on the Audit Committee, with Mr. de Urioste as chair. The Board appointed Messrs. Frank, de Urioste and Cannestra to serve on the Compensation Committee, with Mr. Frank as chair.

Nomination of Directors 

Effective as of the Closing, the Company will not have a nominating and corporate governance committee of the Companys Board. Pursuant to Nasdaq Rule 5605-6(e)(1), the nomination of directors shall be made, or recommended to the board of directors, by a Nominating Committee of the board of directors consisting solely of independent directors, or by a majority of independent directors. Effective as of the Closing, the Company will not have a nominating and corporate governance committee of the Companys Board; rather, the nomination of directors shall be made, or recommended to the board of directors by a majority of our independent directors. The Company may in the future establish a nominating and corporate governance committee for the nomination of directors.

Executive Officers 

Effective as of the Closing, Mr. Shahal Khan resigned as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Effective as of the Closing, the Board appointed Mr. Munagala to serve as Chief Executive Officer and Harminder Sehmi to serve as Chief Financial Officer. Biographical information for these individuals is set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Directors and Executive Officers After the Business Combination beginning on page 277, which is incorporated herein by reference.

BLAIZES EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Throughout this section, unless otherwise noted, the company, we, us, our and similar terms refer to Blaize prior to the Closing.

This section discusses the material components of the executive compensation program for Blaizes executive officers who are named in the Summary Compensation Table below. In 2024, Blaizes named executive officers and their positions were as follows:

Dinakar Munagala, Chief Executive Officer;

Val Cook, Chief Software Architect; and

Santiago Fernandez-Gomez, Vice President of Platform Engineering.

Summary Compensation Table

The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of Blaizes named executive officers for the year ended December 31, 2024.

Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Option

Awards

($)(1) All Other

Compensation

($)(2) Total 

Dinakar Munagala 2024 595,833 3,798,428 24 4,394,285 

Chief Executive Officer 2023 300,000 1,337,142 25 1,637,167 

Val Cook 2024 397,570 781,714 24 1,179,308 

Chief Software Architect 2023 225,000 476,724 25 701,749 

Santiago Fernandez-Gomez 2024 447,917 730,817 24 1,178,758 

Vice President of Platform Engineering 

(1) 

Amounts reflect the full fair value of stock options granted during 2024 as of the date on which the options were approved by the Board computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718, rather than the amounts paid to or realized by the named individual. Assumptions used to calculate the value of all option awards made to the named executive officers are included in Note 12 to Blaizes consolidated financial statements incorporated herein by reference.

(2) 

Amounts reflect the aggregate dollar value of life insurance premiums paid by Blaize with respect to each named executive officer during 2024.

NARRATIVE TO SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

2024 Salaries 

The named executive officers receive a base salary to compensate them for services rendered to Blaize. The base salary payable to each named executive officer is intended to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting the executives skill set, experience, role and responsibilities. During 2024, Blaizes named executive officers annual base salaries were as follows: Mr. Munagala: $600,000; Mr. Cook: $400,000; and Mr. Fernandez-Gomez: $450,000. The Summary Compensation Table above shows the actual base salaries paid to each named executive officer in fiscal year 2024.

Equity Compensation 

Certain of Blaizes named executive officers hold options to purchase shares of common stock of Blaize which were granted under the Blaize, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Plan (the 2011 Stock Plan). On October 24, 2024, we granted each of Messrs. Munagala, Cook, and Fernandez-Gomez stock options covering 7,379,065, 1,517,044, and 1,418,448 shares of Blaize common stock, respectively.

The options granted to the named executive officers in 2024 vest and become exercisable with respect to one-third (1/3rd) of the shares subject to the option on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and with respect to one-thirty-sixth (1/36th) of the shares subject to the option on each monthly anniversary of the vesting commencement date thereafter, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date. The options granted to Messrs. Munagala and Cook are also subject to accelerated vesting upon certain terminations of their employment with Blaize pursuant to their offer letters as described in the section titled Offer Letters below.

In connection with the Business Combination, we adopted, and our stockholders approved, a 2025 Incentive Award Plan and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, each of which became effective upon the closing of the Business Combination. No further awards have been or will be granted under the 2011 Stock Plan following the closing of the Business Combination.

Other Elements of Compensation 

Retirement Plan 

Blaize currently maintains a 401(k) retirement savings plan for its employees, including its named executive officers, who satisfy certain eligibility requirements. The Internal Revenue Code allows eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation, within prescribed limits, on a pre-tax basis through contributions to the 401(k) plan. We believe that providing a vehicle for tax-deferred retirement savings though a 401(k) plan adds to the overall desirability of its executive compensation package and further incentivizes our employees, including its named executive officers, in accordance with its compensation policies.

Employee Benefits and Perquisites 

All of our full-time employees, including our named executive officers, are eligible to participate in our health and welfare plans, including:

medical, dental and vision benefits;

short-term and long-term disability insurance; and

basic life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance.

We believe these benefits are appropriate and provide a competitive compensation package to our named executive officers. We do not currently, and we did not during 2024, provide material perquisites to any of our named executive officers.

No Tax Gross-Ups 

Blaize does not make gross-up payments to cover our named executive officers personal income taxes that may pertain to any of the compensation or perquisites paid or provided by our company.

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

The following table summarizes the number of shares of common stock underlying outstanding equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer as of December 31, 2024. The share numbers and exercise prices below are those in effect as of December 31, 2024 and have not been adjusted to reflect the adjustments to our equity awards that occurred upon the closing of the Business Combination.

Option Awards

Name Grant Date Vesting

Commencement

Date Number of

Securities

Underlying

Unexercised

Options (#)

Exercisable Number of

Securities

Underlying

Unexercised

Options (#)

Unexercisable Equity

Incentive

Plan

Awards:

Number of

Securities

Underlying

Unexercised

Unearned

Options (#) Option

Exercise

Price ($) Option

Expiration

Date

Dinakar Munagala 3/15/2017 1/1/2017 147,000 (1) 1.00 3/14/2027

11/12/2018 9/1/2018 226,305 (1) 11.40 11/11/2028

9/19/2023 9/19/2023 2,197,372 (2) 3,124,027 0.44 9/18/2033

10/24/2024 7/1/2024 7,379,065 (3) 0.92 10/23/2034

Val Cook 3/15/2017 1/1/2017 40,038 (1) 1.00 3/14/2027

11/12/2018 9/1/2018 113,152 (1) 11.40 11/11/2028

9/19/2023 9/19/2023 794,866 (2) 1,112,814 0.44 9/18/2033

10/24/2024 7/1/2024 1,517,044 (3) 0.92 10/23/2034

Santiago Fernandez-Gomez 1/2/2017 7/8/2015 5,000 (2) 1.00 1/1/2027

8/27/2018 7/9/2018 67,935 (4) 11.40 8/26/2028

11/17/2021 1/1/2021 4,896 (1) 104 20.70 11/16/2031

9/19/2023 9/19/2023 654,484 (2) 916,278 0.44 9/18/2033

10/24/2024 7/1/2024 1,418,448 (3) 0.92 10/23/2034

(1) 

Represents an option which vested with respect to one-forty-eighth (1/48th) of the shares subject to the option on each of the first forty-eight (48) monthly anniversaries of the vesting commencement date, subject to the applicable executives continued service through the applicable vesting date.

(2) 

Represents an option which vested or vests, as applicable, with respect to one-thirty-sixth (1/36th) of the shares subject to the option on each of the first thirty-six (36) monthly anniversaries of the vesting commencement date, subject to the applicable executives continued service through the applicable vesting date.

(3) 

Represents an option which vests with respect to one-third (1/3rd) of the shares subject to the option on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and with respect to one-thirty-sixth (1/36th) of the shares subject to the option on each monthly anniversary of the vesting commencement date thereafter, subject to the applicable executives continued service through the applicable vesting date.

(4) 

Represents an option which vested or vests, as applicable, with respect to twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares subject to the option on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and with respect to one-forty-eighth (1/48th) of the shares subject to the option on each monthly anniversary of the applicable vesting commencement date thereafter, subject to the applicable executives continued service through the applicable vesting date.

Executive Compensation Arrangements

Offer Letters 

Offer Letter for Mr. Munagala 

We are party to an offer letter, dated June 18, 2018 (as amended, the Munagala Offer Letter) with Mr. Munagala, pursuant to which, Mr. Munagala serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the Munagala Offer Letter, Mr. Munagala is entitled to receive a base salary which, as of January 1, 2024, was $600,000 and is eligible to be considered for annual incentive bonuses. The Munagala Offer Letter provides that Mr. Munagala is eligible to participate in Blaize-sponsored benefit plans and for paid vacation in accordance with Blaize policy.

In addition, pursuant to the Munagala Offer Letter, if Mr. Munagalas employment is terminated by us without cause or Mr. Munagala resigns with good reason (each as defined in the Munagala Offer Letter), then Mr. Munagala will be eligible to receive the following severance payments and benefits: (i) a lump-sum cash payment in an amount equal to 3 months of his base salary, (ii) salary continuation payments at 75% of his base salary for 12 months following termination, and (iii) COBRA continuation coverage for up to 12 months following termination, and (iv) accelerated vesting of any outstanding and unvested options held by him.

If Mr. Munagalas employment is terminated by us without cause or he resigns for good reason, in either case, within one year after a change in control of Blaize (as defined in the Munagala Offer Letter), then Mr. Munagala will instead be entitled to receive the following severance payments and benefits (in lieu of the amounts described above): (i) a lump-sum cash payment in an amount equal to 12 months of his base salary, (ii) COBRA continuation coverage for up to 12 months following termination, and (iii) accelerated vesting of any outstanding and unvested options held by him.

Mr. Munagalas receipt of any severance payments and benefits is subject to his execution and non-revocation of a general release in favor of Blaize.

Offer Letter for Mr. Cook 

We are party to an offer letter, dated June 20, 2018 (as amended, the Cook Offer Letter) with Mr. Cook, pursuant to which, Mr. Cook serves as our Chief Software Architect. Pursuant to the Cook Offer Letter, Mr. Cook is entitled to receive a base salary which, as of January 1, 2024, was $400,000 and is eligible to be considered for annual incentive bonuses. The Cook Offer Letter provides that Mr. Cook is also eligible to participate in Blaize-sponsored benefit plans and for paid vacation in accordance with Blaize policy.

In addition, pursuant to the Cook Offer Letter, if Mr. Cooks employment is terminated by us without cause or Mr. Cook resigns with good reason (each as defined in the Cook Offer Letter), then Mr. Cook will be eligible to receive the following severance payments and benefits: (i) a lump-sum cash payment in an amount equal to 3 months of his base salary, (ii) salary continuation payments at 75% of his base salary for 12 months following termination, and (iii) COBRA continuation coverage for up to 12 months following termination.

In addition, if Mr. Cooks employment is terminated by us without cause or he resigns for good reason, in either case, within one year after a change in control of Blaize (as defined in the Cook Offer Letter), then Mr. Cook will instead be entitled to receive the following severance payments and benefits (in lieu of the amounts described above): (i) a lump-sum cash payment in an amount equal to 12 months of his base salary, and (ii) COBRA continuation coverage for up to 12 months following termination, and (iii) accelerated vesting of any outstanding and unvested options held by him.

Mr. Cooks receipt of any severance payments and benefits is subject to his execution and non-revocation of a general release in favor of Blaize.

Offer Letter for Mr. Fernandez-Gomez 

We are party to an offer letter, dated July 4, 2018 (as amended, the Fernandez-Gomez Offer Letter) with Mr. Fernandez-Gomez, pursuant to which, Mr. Fernandez-Gomez serves as our Vice President of Platform Engineering. Pursuant to the Fernandez-Gomez Offer Letter, Mr. Fernandez-Gomez is entitled to receive a base salary which, as of January 1, 2024, was $450,000 and is eligible to be considered for annual incentive bonuses. The Fernandez-Gomez Offer Letter provides that Mr. Fernandez-Gomez is also eligible to participate in Blaize-sponsored benefit plans and for paid vacation in accordance with Blaize policy.

BLAIZES DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

Prior to the Business Combination, Blaize did not maintain a formal non-employee director compensation program, but previously made cash payments and granted equity awards to certain of its non-employee directors as it deemed appropriate. During 2024, each of Messrs. Frank, Cannestra, Hambrecht and Bess were granted equity awards for their services on Blaizes board of directors. None of the Companys other non-employee directors received compensation from Blaize for their service on the board of directors in 2024.

2024 Director Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of Blaizes non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2024.

Name Option Awards

($)(1) Total ($) 

Edward Frank 318,472 318,472 

Tony Cannestra 318,472 318,472 

Juergen Hambrecht 318,472 318,472 

Lane Bess 242,571 242,571 

(1) 

Amounts reflect the full fair value of stock options granted during 2024 as of the date on which the options were approved by the Board computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718, rather than the amounts paid to or realized by the named individual. Assumptions used to calculate the value of all option awards made to directors are included in Notes 2 and 12 to Blaizes consolidated financial statements incorporated herein by reference.

The table below shows the aggregate numbers of option awards (exercisable and unexercisable) held as of December 31, 2024 by each non-employee director who served during 2024.

Name Options

Outstanding

at Fiscal Year

End (#) 

Edward Frank 909,535 

Tony Cannestra 920,850 

Juergen Hambrecht 909,535 

Lane Bess 477,750 

In connection with the Business Combination, we approved a compensation program for our non-employee directors (the Director Compensation Program), effective as of the closing of the Business Combination. The material terms of the Director Compensation Program are summarized below.

Cash Compensation 

Under the Director Compensation Program, non-employee directors serving on the Board are entitled to cash compensation in the following amounts:

Annual Retainer: $80,000

Additional Annual Retainer for Non-Executive Chair: $40,000

Annual Committee Chair Retainers:

Audit Committee: $24,000

Compensation Committee: $20,000

Annual Non-Chair Committee Member Retainers:

Audit Committee: $16,000

Compensation Committee: $14,000

Annual cash retainers will be paid in quarterly installments in arrears and will be pro-rated for any partial calendar quarter of service.

Equity Compensation 

Initial Awards. Under the Director Compensation Program, each non-employee director who is initially elected or appointed to serve on the Board following the closing of the Business Combination will be granted an award of restricted stock units at the time of the election or appointment with a grant-date value of approximately $600,000, which will vest with respect to one-third (1/3rd) of the restricted stock units subject thereto on each of the first three anniversaries of the applicable grant date, subject to the directors continued service on the Board through the applicable vesting date. If a member of the Board is an employee of Blaize or a subsidiary thereof who subsequently terminates employment with Blaize but remains on the Board as a non-employee director, such individual will not be eligible to receive an Initial Award.

Annual Awards. Under the Director Compensation Program, each non-employee director who is serving on the Board as of the date of each annual meeting of the companys stockholders following the closing of the Business Combination will be granted, on such annual meeting date, an award of restricted stock units with a grant-date value of approximately $200,000 (each an Annual Award), which will vest in full on the earlier to occur of (i) the one-year anniversary of the applicable grant date and (ii) the date of the next annual meeting following the grant date, subject to the directors continued service on the Board through the applicable vesting date.

In addition, each equity award granted under the Director Compensation Program will vest in full upon a change in control of the Company (as defined in the Incentive Award Plan, or any similar term as defined in the then-applicable plan) if the non-employee director will not become a member of the Board or the board of directors of the Companys successor (or any parent thereof) following such change in control.

Compensation under the Director Compensation Program is subject to the annual limits on non-employee director compensation set forth in the Incentive Award Plan (or any successor plan).

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers serves as a member of a compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent functions) of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our compensation committee.

13

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 

Certain relationships and related person transactions are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Certain BurTech Relationships and Related Person Transactions beginning on page 274 thereof and are incorporated herein by reference.

Further, as described in Item 1.01 above, on January 13, 2025, the Sponsor issued the Sponsor Note to BurTech in the principal amount of US$8,753,744.21, bearing an interest rate of 7% with annual compounding, compounded on December 31 each year the Sponsor Note remains outstanding for the remaining principal amount of the Sponsor Note as at the maturity date, until such remaining principal amount is paid. Pursuant to the Sponsor Note, the Sponsor agreed to pay certain of the Acquiror Transaction Expenses set forth in the Sponsor Note. As consideration for entry into the Sponsor Note, BurTech issued 750,000 shares of Class A Stock to the Sponsor in accordance with the terms of the Sponsor Note. The shares of Class A Stock issued in consideration for the Sponsor Note were offered in a private placement under the Securities Act, pursuant to the Sponsor Note. The Sponsor is obligated to pay the Acquiror Transaction Expenses set forth in the Sponsor Note within ninety days after the date that the Sponsor Note Shares have been registered for resale under the Securities Act. The Sponsor granted a first priority security interest in, and pledged, 2,000,000 shares of Class A Stock and all additions, accessions and substitutions to the Holder to secure the satisfaction by the Sponsor of all its obligations to the Holder under the Sponsor Note. Additionally, in the event that the Company is required to pay any of the Acquiror Transaction Expenses subject to the Sponsor Note, the Sponsor is obligated to reimburse the Company for such payments within 90 days of such payment by the Company.

Risk Oversight 

Our risk management oversight is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Directors and Executive Officers After the Business CombinationRole of the New Blaize Board in Risk Oversight/Risk Committee beginning on page 279 thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

Legal Proceedings

Reference is made to the disclosure regarding legal proceedings in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus titled Information About BlaizeLegal Proceedings beginning on page 221, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

Market Price and Dividend Information 

The market price of and dividends on BurTechs common equity, warrants and units and related stockholder matters is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the Section entitled Ticker Symbol, Market Price and Dividend Policy beginning on page 302 thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

The Common Stock and Warrants commenced trading on Nasdaq under the symbols BZAI and BZAIW, respectively, on January 14, 2025, subject to ongoing review of the Companys satisfaction of all listing criteria following the Business Combination, in lieu of the Class A Stock and warrants of BurTech. BurTechs units ceased trading separately on OTC Markets Group, Inc. (OTC) on January 13, 2025.

Holders of Record 

As of the Closing and following the completion of the Transactions, including the redemption of Initial Shares, the NRA Financing and the Private Placements, each as described above, the Company had 101,588,967 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding held of record by 307 holders, no shares of preferred stock outstanding and 29,648,250 warrants outstanding held of record by 2 holders. Such amounts do not include DTC participants or beneficial owners holding shares through nominee names.

14

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Reference is made to the disclosure described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Proposal No. 5The Incentive Award Plan Proposal beginning on page 196 thereof, which is incorporated herein by reference. As described below, the Blaize Holdings, Inc. 2025 Incentive Award Plan (the 2025 Plan) and the material terms thereunder, including the authorization of the initial share reserve thereunder, were approved by BurTechs stockholders at the Special Meeting.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

Reference is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 3.02 of this Report relating to the issuance of (i) PIPE Shares pursuant to the PIPE Investment and (ii) Sponsor Note Shares pursuant to the Sponsor Note, each of which is incorporated herein by reference.

Description of Registrants Securities to be Registered

The Companys securities are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Description of BurTechs SecuritiesNew Blaize Common Stock Following the Business Combination beginning on page 285 thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference. As described below, the Companys Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was approved by BurTechs stockholders at the Special Meeting and became effective as of the Closing.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

The indemnification of our directors and officers is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Directors and Executive Officers After the Business CombinationLimitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers beginning on page 284 thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Reference is made to the disclosure set forth under Item 4.01 of this Report relating to the change in the Companys certifying accountant, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

At the Closing, the Company consummated (i) the PIPE Investment and (ii) the Sponsor Note Issuance. The disclosure under Item 2.01 of this Report relating to each of (i) the PIPE Investment and (ii) the Sponsor Note Issuance is incorporated into this Item 3.02 by reference.

The Company issued the foregoing securities under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, as transactions not requiring registration under Section 5 of the Securities Act. The parties receiving the securities represented their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution, and appropriate restrictive legends were affixed to the certificates representing the securities (or reflected in restricted book entry with the Companys transfer agent). The parties also had adequate access, through business or other relationships, to information about the Company.

Item 3.03. 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in Item 5.03 to this Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 4.01. 

Changes in Registrants Certified Accountant.

On January 13, 2025, the Audit Committee approved the engagement of UHY LLP (UHY) as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Companys financial statements, effective following Marcum LLP, BurTechs independent registered public accounting firm prior to the Business Combination, audit of BurTechs financials statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. UHY served as the independent registered public accounting firm of Legacy Blaize prior to the Business Combination. Accordingly, Marcum LLP was informed that it would be replaced by UHY as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm.

15

Marcum LLPs report on the Companys financial statements as of December 31, 2023 and for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2023 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles.

During the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2023 and the subsequent period through September 30, 2024, there were no: (i) disagreements with Marcum LLP on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosures or audited scope or procedures, which disagreements if not resolved to Marcum LLPs satisfaction would have caused Marcum LLP to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its report or (ii) reportable events as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.

During the year period from March 2, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2023 and the interim period through September 30, 2024, the Company did not consult UHY with respect to either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed; or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Companys financial statements, and no written report or oral advice was provided to the Company by UHY that UHY concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement, as that term is described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the related instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act, or a reportable event, as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act.

The Company has provided Marcum LLP with a copy of the disclosures made by the Company in response to this Item 4.01 and has requested that Marcum LLP furnish the Company with a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether it agrees with the statements made by the registrant in response to this Item 304(a) and, if not, stating the respects in which it does not agree. A letter from Marcum LLP is attached as Exhibit 16.1 to this Report.

Item 5.01. 

Changes in Control of the Registrant.

The information set forth above under Item 1.01 and Item 2.01 of this Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The information set forth above in the sections titled Directors and Officers, Executive Compensation, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Indemnification of Directors and Executive Officers in Item 2.01 to this Report is incorporated herein by reference.

As previously disclosed, at the Special Meeting, the stockholders of BurTech considered and approved the 2025 Plan which became effective immediately upon the Closing. A description of the 2025 Plan is included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Proposal No. 5The Equity Incentive Plan Proposal beginning on page 196 thereof, which is incorporated herein by reference.

The foregoing description of the 2025 Plan is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the 2025 Plan and the related forms of award agreements under the 2025 Plan, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.7, 10.8 and 10.9, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On January 13, 2025, in connection with the consummation of the Transactions, the Company amended and restated its certificate of incorporation, effective as of the Closing (the A&R Charter), and amended and restated its bylaws (as amended, the A&R Bylaws) effective as of the Closing.

16

Copies of the A&R Charter and the A&R Bylaws are attached as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2 to this Report, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

The material terms of each of the A&R Charter and the A&R Bylaws and the general effect upon the rights of holders of the Companys capital stock are included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus under the sections titled Proposal No. 2The Organizational Documents Proposal, Proposal No. 3The Advisory Organizational Documents Proposal, Description of BurTechs Securities, and Comparison of Corporate Governance and Stockholders Rights beginning on pages 190, 191, 285 and 298 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, respectively, which are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.05. 

Amendments to the Registrants Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics.

In connection with the Business Combination, on January 13, 2025, the Board approved and adopted a new Code of Business Ethics and Conduct applicable to all employees, officers and directors of the Company. A copy of the Code of Business Ethics and Conduct can be found at https://ir.blaize.com/ under the link Governance. The above description of the Code of Business Ethics and Conduct does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Code of Business Ethics and Conduct, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 14.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.06. 

Change in Shell Company Status.

As a result of the Business Combination, the Company ceased to be a shell company. Reference is made to the disclosure in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections entitled Proposal No. 1The Business Combination Proposal beginning on page 137 thereof, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

On January 13, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of the Business Combination, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.3 hereto.

On January 14, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing a new partnership with VSBLTY Groupe Technologies Corp., a leading software provider of AI-driven security and retail analytics technology, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.4 hereto.

The information set forth in Item 8.01 (including Exhibit 99.3) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statement and Exhibits.

(a) 

Financial Statements of Businesses Acquired.

The audited consolidated financial statements of Legacy Blaize as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related notes are included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page F-2 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which is incorporated herein by reference.

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Legacy Blaize as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

(b) 

Pro forma financial information.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023 is filed as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference.

17

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are set forth in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

(c) 

Exhibits.

Incorporated by Reference

Exhibit

Number 

Description 

Form 

Exhibit 

Filing

Date

2.1* Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 22, 2023, by and among BurTech Acquisition Corp., BurTech Merger Sub, Inc. Blaize, Inc. and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Burkhan Capital LLC. S-4 2.1 7/19/24

2.2 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 22, 2024, by and among BurTech Acquisition Corp., BurTech Merger Sub, Inc. Blaize, Inc. and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Burkhan Capital LLC. S-4 2.2 7/19/24

2.3 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 24, 2024, by and among BurTech Acquisition Corp., BurTech Merger Sub, Inc. Blaize, Inc. and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Burkhan Capital LLC. S-4 2.3 10/30/24

2.4 Amendment No. 3 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 21, 2024, by and among BurTech Acquisition Corp., BurTech Merger Sub, Inc. Blaize, Inc. and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Burkhan Capital LLC. S-4 2.4 11/26/24

3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Blaize Holdings, Inc. 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Blaize Holdings, Inc. 

4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. S-1/A 4.2 11/19/21

4.2 Specimen Warrant Certificate. S-1/A 4.3 11/19/21

4.3 Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent. 8-K 4.1 12/16/21

10.1 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025, by and among the Company, certain stockholders of BurTech named therein and certain stockholders of Legacy Blaize named therein. 

10.2 Letter Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, by and among BurTech, its officers and its directors, Sponsor and certain other stockholders party thereto. 8-K 10.2 12/16/21

10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 

10.4 Blaize, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Plan. 

10.5 Blaize Holdings, Inc. 2025 Incentive Award Plan. 

10.6 Blaize Holdings, Inc. 2025 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

18

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit

Number 

Description 

Form 

Exhibit 

Filing

Date 

10.7 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement (Installment Exercise) and Grant Notice under the Blaize, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Plan. 

10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement and Grant Notice under the Blaize, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Plan. 

10.9 Form of Non-Redemption Agreement 8-K 10.1 12/31/24 

10.10 Form of PIPE Subscription Agreement 8-K 10.1 1/8/25 

10.11 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025, by and among the Company and certain stockholders of Legacy Blaize named therein. 

10.12 Stockholder Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025, by and among the Company and certain stockholders of Legacy Blaize named therein. 

10.13 Noteholder Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025, by and among the Company and certain securityholders of Legacy Blaize named therein. 

10.14* Secured Promissory Note and Pledge Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025, by and among BurTech LP LLC and BurTech. 

10.15* Letter Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025, by and among BurTech, Merger Sub, Blaize and Burkhan BurTech LP LLC and Blaize. 

10.16 Offer Letter, dated as of June 18, 2018, by and between ThinCI, Inc. and Dinakar Munagala. 

10.17 Offer Letter, dated as of June 20, 2018, by and between ThinCI, Inc. and Val Cook. 

10.18 Offer Letter, dated as of November 15, 2018, by and between ThinCI, Inc. and Dmitry Zakharchenko. 

10.19 Amendment to Offer Letter, dated as of February 22, 2022, by and between ThinCI, Inc. and Dmitry Zakharchenko. 

10.20 Offer Letter, dated as of July 4, 2018, by and between ThinCI, Inc. and Santiago Fernandez-Gomez. 

10.21 Blaize Holdings, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Program. 

10.22 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement (Contingent Exercise) and Grant Notice under the Blaize, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Plan. 

14.1 Code of Business Ethics and Conduct of Blaize Holdings, Inc. 

16.1 Letter from CBIZ, Inc. to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

99.1 Unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Legacy Blaize for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

99.2 Unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

99.3 Press Release dated January 13, 2025. 

99.4 Press Release dated January 14, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

* 

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request.

19

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Blaize Holdings, Inc.

Date: January 17, 2025 By: 

/s/ Dinakar Munagala

Name: Dinakar Munagala

Title: Chief Executive Officer

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d903961dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

BURTECH ACQUISITION
CORP. 

January 13, 2025 

BurTech Acquisition Corp., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (The Corporation),
does hereby certify as follows: 

1. The Corporation was incorporated under the name BurTech Acquisition Corp. by the filing of
its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 2, 2021 (the Original Certificate). 

2. An Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which amended and restated the Original Certificate in its entirety, was filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 19, 2021 (the First Amended and Restated Certificate). 

3. A
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which amended and restated the First Amended and Restated Certificate in its entirety, was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 13, 2021 (the
Existing Certificate). 

4. This Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (this ThirdAmended and Restated Certificate), which both amends and restates the provisions of the Existing Certificate, was duly adopted in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended
from time to time (the DGCL). 

5. The text of the Existing Certificate is hereby amended and restated by this Third
Amended and Restated Certificate to read in its entirety as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto. 

6. This Third Amended and
Restated Certificate shall become effective upon its filing with Secretary of State of Delaware. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Third Amended
and Restated Certificate has been executed by a duly authorized officer of the Corporation as of the date first set forth above. 

/s/ Dinakar Munagala

Name: Dinakar Munagala

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation] 

EXHIBIT A 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

BLAIZE HOLDINGS, INC.

ARTICLE I 

NAME

The name of the corporation is Blaize Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation). 

ARTICLE II 

REGISTERED OFFICE AND AGENT 

The address of the Corporations registered office in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, in the City of Wilmington, County
of New Castle, Delaware 19808, and the name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 

ARTICLE III

PURPOSE 

The
purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) as it now exists or may hereafter be amended and
supplemented. 

ARTICLE IV

CAPITAL STOCK 

The
Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively, Common Stock and Preferred Stock. The total number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to
issue is 620,000,000. The total number of shares of Common Stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 600,000,000, having a par value of $0.0001 per share, and the total number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Corporation is
authorized to issue is 20,000,000, having a par value of $0.0001 per share. Upon the filing of this Third Amended and Restated Certificate, each outstanding share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock shall be redesignated as
Common Stock. 

The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to acquire
from the Corporation any shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, with such rights, warrants and options to be evidenced by or in instrument(s) approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of
Directors). The Board of Directors is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options; provided, however, that the consideration to be received for any
shares of capital stock issuable upon exercise thereof may not be less than the par value thereof. 

The designations and the powers, privileges and rights, and the qualifications, limitations
or restrictions thereof in respect of each class of capital stock of the Corporation are as follows: 

A. COMMON STOCK.

1. General. The voting, dividend, liquidation, and other rights and powers of the Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the
rights, powers and preferences of any series of Preferred Stock as may be designated by the Board of Directors and outstanding from time to time. 

2. Voting. 

a. 

Except as otherwise provided herein or expressly required by law, each holder of Common Stock, as such, shall
be entitled to vote on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders and shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of Common Stock held of record by such holder as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on
such matter. 

b. 

Except as otherwise provided herein (including any Certificate of Designation) or otherwise required by law or
a stockholder agreement, the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation, and at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, holders of the Common Stock
shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders. 

c. 

Except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to vote on any
amendment to this Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (this Third Amended and Restated Certificate) (including any Certificate of Designation (as defined below)) that relates solely to the rights, powers,
preferences (or the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof) or other terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one
or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Third Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Certificate of Designation) or pursuant to the DGCL. 

Subject to the rights of any holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, the number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be
increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of
the DGCL. 

3. Dividends. Subject to applicable law and the rights and preferences of any holders of any outstanding series of
Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock, shall be entitled to the payment of dividends on the Common Stock when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors in accordance with applicable law. 

4. Liquidation. Subject to the rights and preferences of any holders of any shares of
any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the funds and assets of the Corporation that may be legally distributed to the
Corporations stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of the then outstanding Common Stock pro rata in accordance with the number of shares of Common Stock held by each such holder. 

B. PREFERRED STOCK

Shares
of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each of such series to have such terms as stated or expressed herein and in the resolution or resolutions providing for the creation and issuance of such series adopted by the
Board of Directors as hereinafter provided. 

Authority is hereby expressly granted to the Board of Directors from time to time to issue
the Preferred Stock in arms length transactions in a commercially reasonable manner in one or more series, and in connection with the creation of any such series, by adopting a resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of the shares
thereof and by filing a certificate of designation relating thereto in accordance with the DGCL (a Certificate of Designation), to determine and fix the number of shares of such series and such voting powers, full or limited, or
no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including without limitation thereof, dividend rights, conversion rights,
redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, and to increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series as shall be stated and expressed in such resolutions, all to the
fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the resolution or resolutions providing for the creation and issuance of any series of Preferred Stock may provide that such series shall be
superior or rank equally or be junior to any other series of Preferred Stock to the fullest extent permitted by law and this Third Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Certificate of Designation). Except as otherwise required by law,
holders of any series of Preferred Stock shall be entitled only to such voting rights, if any, as shall expressly be granted thereto by this Third Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Certificate of Designation). 

The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may be decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. 

ARTICLE V 

BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 

For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation it is further provided that:

A. Except as otherwise expressly provided by the DGCL or this Third Amended and Restated Certificate, the business and affairs of the
Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. The number of directors that shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be fixed exclusively by one or more resolutions adopted from time to time by the Board
of Directors. Beginning with the Corporations first annual meeting of stockholders, the directors, including any of those elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the next
annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation and until his or her successor shall be elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. Directors shall be elected by a
plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. 

B. The Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed from office at any time,
but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two thirds (66 and 2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at an election of directors. 

C. Subject to the special rights of the holders of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, except as otherwise
provided by law, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, retirement, removal or other causes and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall be
filled exclusively by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (other than any directors elected by the separate vote of one or more outstanding series of
Preferred Stock), and shall not be filled by the stockholders. Any director appointed in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office until the expiration of the term of the class to which such director shall have been appointed or until
his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, or removal. 

D. Whenever the holders of any one or more series of
Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right, voting separately as a series or separately as a class with one or more such other series, to elect directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, the election, term of
office, removal and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of this Third Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Certificate of Designation). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article V, the
number of directors that may be elected by the holders of any such series of Preferred Stock shall be in addition to the number fixed pursuant to paragraph B of this Article V, and the total number of directors constituting the whole Board of
Directors shall be automatically adjusted accordingly. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Designation(s) in respect of one or more series of Preferred Stock, whenever the holders of any series of Preferred Stock having such right to
elect additional directors are divested of such right pursuant to the provisions of such Certificate of Designation(s), the terms of office of all such additional directors elected by the holders of such series of Preferred Stock, or elected to fill
any vacancies resulting from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of such additional directors, shall forthwith terminate (in which case each such director thereupon shall cease to be qualified as, and shall cease to be, a director)
and the total authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall automatically be reduced accordingly. 

E. In furtherance and not in
limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the Bylaws). In addition to any
vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by applicable law or by this Third Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Certificate of Designation in respect of one or more series of Preferred Stock) or the
Bylaws of the Corporation, the adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws of the Corporation by the stockholders of the Corporation shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (66
and 2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in an election of directors. 

F. The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the Bylaws
so provide. 

ARTICLE VI

STOCKHOLDERS 

A. Any
action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, and shall not be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any action required or permitted to be taken by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a series or separately as a class with one or more other such series, may be taken without a meeting, without prior
notice and without a vote, to the extent expressly so provided by the applicable Certificate of Designation relating to such series of Preferred Stock, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the
holders of outstanding shares of the relevant series of Preferred Stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present
and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation in accordance with the applicable provisions of the DGCL. 

B. Subject to the special
rights of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called, for any purpose or purposes, at any time only by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, the Chairperson of
the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President, and shall not be called by any other person or persons. 

C. Advance
notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of other business proposed to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the
Corporation. 

ARTICLE VII

LIABILITY 

No director or
officer of the Corporation shall have any personal liability to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation
thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or hereafter may be amended. Any amendment, repeal or modification of this Article VII, or the adoption of any provision of the Third Amended and Restated Certificate inconsistent
with this Article VII, shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the Corporation with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such amendment, repeal, modification or adoption. If the DGCL is
amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article VII to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors or officers, then the liability of a director or officer of the Corporation shall
be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as so amended. 

ARTICLE VIII

INDEMNIFICATION 

The
Corporation shall have the power to provide rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses to its current and former officers, directors, employees and agents and to any person who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. 

ARTICLE IX

FORUM SELECTION 

Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (a) the Court of Chancery (the Chancery
Court) of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any
director, officer or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any action, suit or proceeding arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Bylaws or this Third Amended and
Restated Certificate (as either may be amended from time to time) or (iv) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine; and (b) subject to the preceding provisions of
this Article IX, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including all
causes of action asserted against any defendant to such complaint. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of clause (a) of the immediately preceding sentence is filed in a court other than the courts in the State of
Delaware (a Foreign Action) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the State of Delaware in connection with any
action brought in any such court to enforce the provisions of clause (a) of the immediately preceding sentence and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholders counsel
in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security
of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this Article IX. This Article IX is intended to benefit and may be enforced by the Corporation, its officers and directors, the underwriters to any offering giving
rise to such complaint, and any other professional or entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the provisions of this Article IX shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States
have exclusive jurisdiction. 

If any provision or provisions of this Article IX shall be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever, (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article IX (including,
without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Article IX containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected
or impaired thereby and (b) the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

ARTICLE X

AMENDMENTS 

A.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Third Amended and Restated Certificate to the contrary, in addition to any vote required by applicable law, the following provisions in this Third Amended and Restated Certificate may be amended, altered,
repealed or rescinded, in whole or in part, or any provision inconsistent therewith or herewith may be adopted, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (66 and 2/3%) of the total
voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class: Article IV, Article V, Article VI, Article VII, Article VIII, Article
IX, and this Article X. 

B. If any provision or provisions of this Third Amended and Restated Certificate shall be held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Third Amended and
Restated Certificate (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Third Amended and Restated Certificate containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable) shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the provisions of this Third Amended and Restated
Certificate (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Third Amended and Restated Certificate containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to permit the
Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in respect of their good faith service to or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d903961dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of 

Blaize Holdings, Inc. 

(a Delaware corporation) 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Article I - Corporate Offices 1 

1.1 Registered Office 1 

1.2 Other Offices 1 

Article II - Meetings of Stockholders 1 

2.1 Place of Meetings 1 

2.2 Annual Meeting 1 

2.3 Special Meeting 1 

2.4 Notice of Business to be Brought before a Meeting 2 

2.5 Notice of Nominations for Election to the Board 5 

2.6 Notice of Stockholders Meetings 9 

2.7 Quorum 9 

2.8 Adjourned Meeting; Notice 9 

2.9 Conduct of Business 10 

2.10 Voting 10 

2.11 Record Date for Stockholder Meetings and Other Purposes 11 

2.12 Proxies 11 

2.13 List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 12 

2.14 Inspectors of Election 12 

2.15 Delivery to the Corporation 13 

Article III - Directors 13 

3.1 Powers 13 

3.2 Number of Directors 13 

3.3 Election, Qualification and Term of Office of Directors 13 

3.4 Resignation and Vacancies 13 

3.5 Place of Meetings; Meetings by Telephone 13 

3.6 Regular Meetings 14 

3.7 Special Meetings; Notice 14 

3.8 Quorum 14 

3.9 Board Action without a Meeting 15 

3.10 Organization 15 

3.11 Fees and Compensation of Directors 15 

Article IV - Committees 15 

4.1 Committees of Directors 15 

4.2 Committee Minutes 15 

4.3 Meetings and Actions of Committees 16 

4.4 Subcommittees 16 

Article V - Officers 16 

5.1 Officers 16 

5.2 Appointment of Officers 17 

5.3 Subordinate Officers 17 

i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

5.4 Removal and Resignation of Officers 17 

5.5 Vacancies in Offices 17 

5.6 Representation of Shares of Other Corporations 17 

5.7 Authority and Duties of Officers 17 

5.8 Compensation 18 

Article VI - Records 18 

Article VII - General Matters 18 

7.1 Execution of Corporate Contracts and Instruments 18 

7.2 Stock Certificates 18 

7.3 Special Designation of Certificates 19 

7.4 Lost Certificates 19 

7.5 Shares Without Certificates 19 

7.6 Construction; Definitions 19 

7.7 Dividends 20 

7.8 Fiscal Year 20 

7.9 Seal 20 

7.10 Transfer of Stock 20 

7.11 Stock Transfer Agreements 20 

7.12 Registered Stockholders 20 

7.13 Waiver of Notice 21 

Article VIII - Notice 21 

8.1 Delivery of Notice; Notice by Electronic Transmission 21 

Article IX - Indemnification 22 

9.1 Indemnification of Directors and Officers 22 

9.2 Indemnification of Others 22 

9.3 Prepayment of Expenses 23 

9.4 Determination; Claim 23 

9.5 Non-Exclusivity of Rights 23 

9.6 Insurance 23 

9.7 Other Indemnification 23 

9.8 Continuation of Indemnification 24 

9.9 Amendment or Repeal; Interpretation 24 

Article X - Amendments 24 

Article XI - Definitions 25 

ii 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of 

Blaize Holdings, Inc. 

Article I -
Corporate Offices 

1.1 

Registered Office. 

The address of the registered office of Blaize Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation) in the State of Delaware, and the name of
its registered agent at such address, shall be as set forth in the Corporations certificate of incorporation, as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time (the Certificate ofIncorporation).

1.2 

Other Offices. 

The Corporation may have additional offices at any place or places, within or outside the State of Delaware, as the Corporations board of
directors (the Board) may from time to time establish or as the business and affairs of the Corporation may require. 

Article II - Meetings of Stockholders 

2.1 

Place of Meetings. 

Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the Board as permitted by the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). The Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders may be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of
the DGCL. In the absence of any such designation or determination, stockholders meetings shall be held at the Corporations principal executive office, whether within or outside of the State of Delaware. 

2.2 

Annual Meeting. 

The Board shall designate the date and time of the annual meeting. At the annual meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote on such matters
shall elect those directors of the Corporation to fill any term of a directorship that expires on the date of such annual meeting and may transact any other business as may properly be brought before the meeting in accordance with
Section 2.4. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any previously scheduled annual meeting of stockholders. 

2.3 

Special Meeting. 

Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called only by such persons and only in such manner as set forth in the
Certificate of Incorporation. 

No business may be transacted at any special meeting of stockholders other than the business specified in
the notice of such meeting. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any previously scheduled special meeting of stockholders. 

2.4 

Notice of Business to be Brought before a Meeting. 

(a) At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To
be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (i) specified in the Corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board, (ii) if not specified in a notice of meeting,
otherwise brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board or the Chairman of the Board or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder present in person who (A) (1) was a record owner of shares of the
Corporation both at the time of giving the notice provided for in this Section 2.4 and at the time of the meeting, (2) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (3) has complied with this
Section 2.4 in all applicable respects or (B) properly made such proposal in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (as so amended and inclusive of such rules and regulations, the ExchangeAct). The foregoing clause (iii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to propose business to be
brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders. The only matters that may be brought before a special meeting are the matters specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling the meeting pursuant to
Section 2.3, and stockholders shall not be permitted to propose business to be brought before a special meeting of the stockholders. For purposes of this Section 2.4, present in
person shall mean that the stockholder proposing that the business be brought before the annual meeting of the Corporation, or a qualified representative of such proposing stockholder, appear at such annual meeting. A qualified
representative of such proposing stockholder shall be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or any other person authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by
such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of
stockholders. Stockholders seeking to nominate persons for election to the Board must comply with Section 2.5, and this Section 2.4 shall not be applicable to nominations except as expressly
provided in Section 2.5. 

(b) For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the
stockholder must (i) provide Timely Notice (as defined below) thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the Corporation and (ii) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by
this Section 2.4. To be timely, a stockholders notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred
twenty (120) days prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, to be timely, a
stockholders notice must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred and twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not
later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or, if later, the tenth (10th) day
following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was first made by the Corporation; provided, further, that if the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty
(60) days after such anniversary date, to be timely, a stockholders notice must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not more than the hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such
annual meeting and not later than the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or, if later, the tenth (10th) day following the day on
which public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was first made by the Corporation (such notice within such time periods, Timely Notice). In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the
announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of Timely Notice as described above. 

2 

(c) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 2.4, a
stockholders notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth: 

(i) As to each Proposing Person (as defined below), (A) the
name and address of such Proposing Person (including, if applicable, the name and address that appear on the Corporations books and records); and (B) the class or series and number of shares of the Corporation that are, directly or
indirectly, owned of record or beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) by such Proposing Person, except that such Proposing Person shall in all events be deemed to
beneficially own any shares of any class or series of the Corporation as to which such Proposing Person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future; (C) the date or dates such shares were acquired; (D) the
investment intent of such acquisition and (E) any pledge by such Proposing Person with respect to any such shares (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (A) through (E) are referred to as Stockholder
Information); 

(ii) As to each Proposing Person, (A) the full notional amount of any securities that, directly or
indirectly, underlie any derivative security (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(c) under the Exchange Act) that constitutes a call equivalent position (as such term is defined in
Rule 16a-1(b) under the Exchange Act) (Synthetic Equity Position) and that is, directly or indirectly, held or maintained by such Proposing Person with respect to any shares of any class or
series of shares of the Corporation; provided that, for the purposes of the definition of Synthetic Equity Position, the term derivative security shall also include any security or instrument that would not otherwise
constitute a derivative security as a result of any feature that would make any conversion, exercise or similar right or privilege of such security or instrument becoming determinable only at some future date or upon the happening of a
future occurrence, in which case the determination of the amount of securities into which such security or instrument would be convertible or exercisable shall be made assuming that such security or instrument is immediately convertible or
exercisable at the time of such determination; and, provided, further, that any Proposing Person satisfying the requirements of Rule 13d-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act (other than a Proposing Person
that so satisfies Rule 13d-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act solely by reason of Rule 13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(E)) shall not be deemed to hold or maintain the notional amount of any
securities that underlie a Synthetic Equity Position held by such Proposing Person as a hedge with respect to a bona fide derivatives trade or position of such Proposing Person arising in the ordinary course of such Proposing Persons business
as a derivatives dealer, (B) any rights to dividends on the shares of any class or series of shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such Proposing Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation,
(C) any material pending or threatened legal proceeding in which such Proposing Person is a party or material participant involving the Corporation or any of its officers or directors, or any affiliate of the Corporation, (D) any other
material relationship between such Proposing Person, on the one hand, and the Corporation or any affiliate of the Corporation, on the other hand, (E) any direct or indirect material interest in any material contract or agreement of such
Proposing Person with the Corporation or any affiliate of the Corporation (including, in any such case, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement), (F) a representation that such Proposing Person intends or is
part of a group that intends to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or otherwise solicit proxies from
stockholders in support of such proposal and (G) any other information relating to such Proposing Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies
or consents by such Proposing Person in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (A) through (G) are
referred to as DisclosableInterests); provided, however, that Disclosable Interests shall not include any such disclosures with respect to the ordinary course business activities of any broker, dealer,
commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner; and 

3 

(iii) As to each item of business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual
meeting, (A) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and any material interest in such business of each Proposing Person, (B) the
text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), and (C) a reasonably
detailed description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings (x) between or among any of the Proposing Persons or (y) between or among any Proposing Person and any other person or entity (including their names) in connection
with the proposal of such business by such stockholder; and (D) any other information relating to such item of business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with
solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that the disclosures required by this
Section 2.4(c)(iii) shall not include any disclosures with respect to any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to
prepare and submit the notice required by these bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner. 

For purposes of this
Section 2.4, the term Proposing Person shall mean (i) the stockholder providing the notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, (ii) the beneficial owner or
beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf the notice of the business proposed to be brought before the annual meeting is made, and (iii) any participant (as defined in paragraphs (a)(ii)-(vi) of Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A)
with such stockholder in such solicitation. 

(d) The Board may request that any Proposing Person furnish such additional information as may
be reasonably required by the Board. Such Proposing Person shall provide such additional information within ten (10) days after it has been requested by the Board. A Proposing Person shall update and supplement its notice to the Corporation of
its intent to propose business at an annual meeting, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.4 shall be true and correct as of the record date for
stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the
Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required
to be made as of such record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the
date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt,
the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this paragraph or any other Section of these bylaws shall not limit the Corporations rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable
deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any proposal or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding matters, business or resolutions proposed
to be brought before a meeting of the stockholders. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be
conducted at an annual meeting that is not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.4. The presiding officer of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine that the business was not
properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.4, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall
not be transacted. 

4 

(f) This Section 2.4 is expressly intended to apply to any
business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders other than any proposal made in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and included in the Corporations proxy
statement. In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.4 with respect to any business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, each Proposing Person shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with
respect to any such business. Nothing in this Section 2.4 shall be deemed to affect the rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 

(g) For purposes of these bylaws, public disclosure
shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

2.5 

Notice of Nominations for Election to the Board.

(a) Nominations of any person for election to the Board at an annual meeting or at a special meeting (but only if the election of directors is
a matter specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling such special meeting) may be made at such meeting only (i) by or at the direction of the Board, including by any committee or persons authorized to
do so by the Board or these bylaws, or (ii) by a stockholder present in person (A) who was a record owner of shares of the Corporation both at the time of giving the notice provided for in this Section 2.5 and at
the time of the meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (C) has complied with this Section 2.5 as to such notice and nomination. For purposes of this Section 2.5,
present in person shall mean that the stockholder proposing that the business be brought before the meeting of the Corporation, or a qualified representative of such stockholder, appear at such meeting. A qualified
representative of such proposing stockholder shall be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or any other person authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by
such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of
stockholders. The foregoing clause (ii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at an annual meeting or special meeting. 

(b) (i) Without qualification, for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at an annual meeting,
the stockholder must (1) provide Timely Notice (as defined in Section 2.4) thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the Corporation, (2) provide the information, agreements and questionnaires with
respect to such stockholder and its candidate for nomination as required to be set forth by this Section 2.5 and (3) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this
Section 2.5. 

(ii) Without qualification, if the election of directors is a matter specified in
the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling a special meeting, then for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at a special meeting, the stockholder must (i) provide
Timely Notice thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, (ii) provide the information with respect to such stockholder and its candidate for nomination as
required by this Section 2.5 and (iii) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 2.5. To be timely, a stockholders notice for
nominations to be made at a special meeting must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120th)
day prior to such special meeting and not later than the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such special meeting or, if later, the tenth (10th) day
following the day on which public disclosure (as defined in Section 2.4) of the date of such special meeting was first made. 

5 

(iii) In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting
or special meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. 

(iv) In no event may a Nominating Person provide Timely Notice with respect to a greater number of director candidates than are
subject to election by shareholders at the applicable meeting. If the Corporation shall, subsequent to such notice, increase the number of directors subject to election at the meeting, such notice as to any additional nominees shall be due on the
later of (i) the conclusion of the time period for Timely Notice, (ii) the date set forth in Section 2.5(b)(ii) or (iii) the tenth day following the date of public disclosure (as defined in
Section 2.4) of such increase. 

(c) To be in proper form for purposes of this
Section 2.5, a stockholders notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth: 

(i) As to each Nominating Person (as defined below), the Stockholder Information (as defined in
Section 2.4(c)(i), except that for purposes of this Section 2.5, the term Nominating Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places it
appears in Section 2.4(c)(i)); 

(ii) As to each Nominating Person, any Disclosable Interests (as
defined in Section 2.4(c)(ii), except that for purposes of this Section 2.5, the term Nominating Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in
all places it appears in Section 2.4(c)(ii) and the disclosure with respect to the business to be brought before the meeting in Section 2.4(c)(ii) shall be made with respect to the election of
directors at the meeting); 

(iii) As to each Nominating Person, a representation that the Nominating Person will or is part
of a group that will (A) solicit proxies from holders of the Corporations outstanding capital stock representing at least 67% of the voting power of shares of capital stock entitled to vote on the election of directors, (B) include a
statement to that effect in its proxy statement and/or its form of proxy, (C) otherwise comply with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act and (D) provide the Secretary of the Corporation not less than
five business days prior to the applicable meeting, or any adjournment or postponement thereof, with reasonable documentary evidence that such Nominating Person complied with such representations; and 

(iv) As to each candidate whom a Nominating Person proposes to nominate for election as a director, (A) all information
with respect to such candidate for nomination that would be required to be set forth in a stockholders notice pursuant to this Section 2.5 if such candidate for nomination were a Nominating Person, (B) all
information relating to such candidate for nomination that is required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election pursuant
to Section 14(a) under the Exchange Act (including such candidates written consent to being named in the proxy statement and accompanying proxy card relating to the Corporations next meeting of shareholders at which directors are to
be elected as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected), (C) a description of any direct or indirect material interest in any material contract or agreement between or among any Nominating Person, on the one hand, and each candidate for
nomination or his or her respective associates or any other participants in such solicitation, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 under Regulation S-K if such Nominating Person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the candidate for nomination were a director or executive officer of such registrant and (D) a completed and signed
questionnaire, representation and agreement as provided in Section 2.5(f). 

6 

For purposes of this Section 2.5, the term Nominating
Person shall mean (i) the stockholder providing the notice of the nomination proposed to be made at the meeting, (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf the notice of the nomination proposed
to be made at the meeting is made, and (iii) any other participant in such solicitation. 

(d) The Board may request that any Nominating
Person furnish such additional information as may be reasonably required by the Board. Such Nominating Person shall provide such additional information within ten (10) days after it has been requested by the Board. A stockholder providing
notice of any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this
Section 2.5 shall be true and correct as of the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement
thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for
stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment
or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days
prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this paragraph or any other Section of these bylaws shall not limit the Corporations rights
with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any nomination or to
submit any new nomination. 

(e) In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.5 with respect to any
nomination proposed to be made at a meeting, each Nominating Person shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to any such nominations. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
Section 2.5, unless otherwise required by law, (i) no Nominating Person shall solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporations nominees unless such Nominating Person has complied with
Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with the solicitation of such proxies, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner and (ii) if
any Nominating Person (1) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner, then the
Corporation or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such Nominating Person has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act in
accordance with the following sentence, then the nomination of each such proposed nominee shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that the nominee is included as a nominee in the Corporations proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy
materials for any annual meeting (or any supplement thereto) and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may have been received by the Corporation (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded). If
any Nominating Person provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, such Nominating Person shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five (5) business days prior to
the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

7 

(f) To be eligible to be a candidate for election as a director of the Corporation at an
annual or special meeting, a candidate must be nominated in the manner prescribed in Section 2.5 and the candidate for nomination, whether nominated by the Board or by a stockholder of record, must have previously delivered
(in accordance with the time period prescribed for delivery in a notice to such candidate given by or on behalf of the Board), to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, (i) a completed written
questionnaire (in a form provided by the Corporation) with respect to the background, qualifications, stock ownership and independence of such proposed nominee and (ii) a written representation and agreement (in form provided by the
Corporation) that such candidate for nomination (A) is not and, if elected as a director during his or her term of office, will not become a party to (1) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given and will not give
any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment) or (2) any Voting Commitment
that could limit or interfere with such proposed nominees ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such proposed nominees fiduciary duties under applicable law, (B) is not, and will not become a party to,
any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation or reimbursement for service as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation and
(C) if elected as a director of the Corporation, will comply with all applicable corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality, stock ownership and trading and other policies and guidelines of the Corporation applicable to
directors and in effect during such persons term in office as a director (and, if requested by any candidate for nomination, the Secretary of the Corporation shall provide to such candidate for nomination all such policies and guidelines then
in effect). 

(g) The Board may also require any proposed candidate for nomination as a Director to furnish such other information as may
reasonably be requested by the Board in writing prior to the meeting of stockholders at which such candidates nomination is to be acted upon in order for the Board to determine the eligibility of such candidate for nomination to be an
independent director of the Corporation in accordance with the Corporations corporate governance guidelines. 

(h) A candidate for
nomination as a director shall further update and supplement the materials delivered pursuant to this Section 2.5, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided pursuant to this
Section 2.5 shall be true and correct as of the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement
thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (or any other office specified by the Corporation in any public
announcement) not later than five (5) business days after the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and not later than eight
(8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in
the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this
paragraph or any other Section of these bylaws shall not limit the Corporations rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a
stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any proposal or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding nominees, matters, business or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of the
stockholders. 

8 

(i) No candidate shall be eligible for nomination as a director of the Corporation unless
such candidate for nomination and the Nominating Person seeking to place such candidates name in nomination has complied with this Section 2.5. The presiding officer at the meeting shall, if the facts warrant,
determine that a nomination was not properly made in accordance with Section 2.5, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare such determination to the meeting, the defective nomination shall be
disregarded and any ballots cast for the candidate in question (but in the case of any form of ballot listing other qualified nominees, only the ballots cast for the nominee in question) shall be void and of no force or effect. 

(j) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, no candidate for nomination shall be eligible to be seated as a director of the
Corporation unless nominated and elected in accordance with Section 2.5. 

(k) In addition to the provisions of this
Section 2.5, a stockholder shall also comply with all of the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein. 

2.6 

Notice of Stockholders Meetings. 

Unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, the notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be sent or
otherwise given in accordance with Section 8.1 not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the
place, if any, date and time of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or
purposes for which the meeting is called. 

2.7 

Quorum. 

Unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock
issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the stockholders. A quorum, once
established at a meeting, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however, a quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the person presiding over the
meeting or (ii) a majority in voting power of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall have power to recess the meeting or adjourn the meeting
from time to time in the manner provided in Section 2.8 until a quorum is present or represented. At any recessed or adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might
have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. 

2.8 

Adjourned Meeting; Notice. 

When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, unless these bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting
if the time, place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the
adjournment is taken or are provided 

9 

in any other manner permitted by the DGCL. At any adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for
more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for
the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned
meeting, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 

2.9 

Conduct of Business. 

The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be
announced at the meeting by the person presiding over the meeting. The Board may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such
rules and regulations as adopted by the Board, the person presiding over any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and/or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations
and procedures (which need not be in writing) and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such presiding person, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or
prescribed by the person presiding over the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting
and the safety of those present (including, without limitation, rules and procedures for removal of disruptive persons from the meeting); (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote at the
meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the person presiding over the meeting shall determine; (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and
(v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The presiding person at any meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting (including,
without limitation, determinations with respect to the administration and/or interpretation of any of the rules, regulations or procedures of the meeting, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the person presiding over the meeting), shall,
if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter of business was not properly brought before the meeting and if such presiding person should so determine, such presiding person shall so declare to the meeting and any such
matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the person presiding over the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in
accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 

2.10 

Voting. 

Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws or the DGCL, each stockholder shall be entitled to one
(1) vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder. 

Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation,
at all duly called or convened meetings of stockholders at which a quorum is present, for the election of directors, a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect a director. Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of
Incorporation, these bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or applicable law or pursuant to any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, each other matter presented to the
stockholders at a duly called or convened meeting at which a quorum is present shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker
non-votes) on such matter. 

10 

2.11 

Record Date for Stockholder Meetings and Other Purposes. 

In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment
thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty
(60) days nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at
the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of
or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be the close of business on the next day preceding the day on which notice is first given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is
held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of
stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting; and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders
entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting. 

In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled
to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment or any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of capital stock, or for the purposes of any other lawful
action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record
date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

2.12 

Proxies. 

Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy
authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by law, including Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, filed in accordance with the procedure
established for the meeting, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be
governed by the provisions of Section 212 of the DGCL. A proxy may be in the form of an electronic transmission which sets forth or is submitted with information from which it can be determined that the transmission was authorized by the
stockholder. 

Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than
white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board. 

11 

2.13 

List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. 

The Corporation shall prepare, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled
to vote at the meeting (provided, however, that if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as
of the tenth (10th) day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder.
The Corporation shall not be required to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at
least ten (10) days prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting date, or (ii) during
ordinary business hours, at the Corporations principal executive office. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such
information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any
stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic
network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. Such list shall presumptively determine the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by
each of them. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list of stockholders required by this Section 2.13 or to vote in person
or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. 

2.14 

Inspectors of Election. 

Before any meeting of stockholders, the Corporation shall appoint an inspector or inspectors of election to act at the meeting or its
adjournment and make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If any person appointed as inspector or any alternate fails to appear or fails or
refuses to act, then the person presiding over the meeting shall appoint a person to fill that vacancy. 

Such inspectors shall: 

(i) determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the number of shares represented at the meeting and the validity
of any proxies and ballots; 

(ii) count all votes or ballots; 

(iii) count and tabulate all votes; 

(iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspector(s);
and 

(v) certify its or their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting and its or their count of all votes and
ballots. 

Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute
the duties of inspection with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspectors ability. Any report or certificate made by the inspectors of election is prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. The inspectors of
election may appoint such persons to assist them in performing their duties as they determine. 

12 

2.15 

Delivery to the Corporation.

Whenever this Article II requires one or more persons (including a record or beneficial owner of stock) to deliver a document or
information to the Corporation or any officer, employee or agent thereof (including any notice, request, questionnaire, revocation, representation or other document or agreement), such document or information shall be in writing exclusively (and not
in an electronic transmission) and shall be delivered exclusively by hand (including, without limitation, overnight courier service) or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and the Corporation shall not be required to accept
delivery of any document not in such written form or so delivered. For the avoidance of doubt, the Corporation expressly opts out of Section 116 of the DGCL with respect to the delivery of information and documents to the Corporation required
by this Article II. 

Article III - Directors 

3.1 

Powers. 

Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by
or under the direction of the Board. 

3.2 

Number of Directors. 

Subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, the total number of directors constituting the Board shall be determined from time to time by
resolution of the Board. No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that directors term of office expires. 

3.3 

Election, Qualification and Term of Office of Directors. 

Except as provided in Section 3.4, and subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, each director, including a
director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship, shall hold office until the expiration of the term of the class, if any, for which elected and until such directors successor is elected and qualified or until such
directors earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Directors need not be stockholders or residents of the State of Delaware. The Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws may prescribe qualifications for directors. A
director whose term is expiring is eligible to stand for re-election at the subsequent annual meeting of the stockholders. 

3.4 

Resignation and Vacancies. 

Any director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. The resignation shall take
effect at the time specified therein or upon the happening of an event specified therein, and if no time or event is specified, at the time of its receipt. 

3.5 

Place of Meetings; Meetings by Telephone. 

The Board may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware. 

Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, members of the Board, or any committee designated by the
Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a
meeting pursuant to this bylaw shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

13 

3.6 

Regular Meetings. 

Regular meetings of the Board may be held within or outside the State of Delaware and at such time and at such place as which has been
designated by the Board and publicized among all directors, either orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice-messaging system or other system designed to record and communicate messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic
mail or other means of electronic transmission. No further notice shall be required for regular meetings of the Board. 

3.7 

Special Meetings; Notice. 

Special meetings of the Board for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive
Officer, the President or the Secretary of the Corporation or a majority of the total number of directors constituting the Board. 

Notice
of the time and place of special meetings shall be: 

(i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone; 

(ii) sent by United States first-class mail, postage prepaid; 

(iii) sent by facsimile or electronic mail; or 

(iv) sent by other means of electronic transmission, 

directed to each director at that directors address, telephone number, facsimile number or electronic mail address, or other address for electronic
transmission, as the case may be, as shown on the Corporations records. 

If the notice is (i) delivered personally by hand, by
courier or by telephone, (ii) sent by facsimile or electronic mail, or (iii) sent by other means of electronic transmission, it shall be delivered or sent at least twenty-four (24) hours before the time of the holding of the meeting.
If the notice is sent by U.S. mail, it shall be deposited in the U.S. mail at least four (4) days before the time of the holding of the meeting. The notice need not specify the place of the meeting (if the meeting is to be held at the
Corporations principal executive office) nor the purpose of the meeting. 

3.8 

Quorum. 

At all meetings of the Board, unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, a majority of the total number of directors shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute, the
Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum
is present. 

14 

3.9 

Board Action without a Meeting. 

Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of
the Board, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating
thereto shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board, or the committee thereof, in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are maintained. Such action by written consent or consent by electronic transmission shall have
the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the Board. 

3.10 

Organization. 

Meetings of the Board shall be presided over by (a) the Chairperson of the Board, or (b) in such persons absence, by the Chief
Executive Officer, or (c) in such persons absence, by a chairperson chosen by the Board at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as the secretary of the meeting, but in such persons absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint
any person to act as the secretary of the meeting. 

3.11 

Fees and Compensation of Directors. 

Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, the Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation,
including fees and reimbursement of expenses, of directors for services to the Corporation in any capacity. 

Article IV - Committees

4.1 

Committees of Directors. 

The Board may designate one (1) or more committees, each committee to consist, of one (1) or more of the directors of the
Corporation. The Board may designate one (1) or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a
committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of
any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board or in these bylaws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs
of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) approve or adopt, or recommend to the stockholders, any action or
matter expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopt, amend or repeal any bylaw of the Corporation. 

4.2 

Committee Minutes. 

Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board when required. 

15 

4.3 

Meetings and Actions of Committees. 

Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of: 

(i) Section 3.5 (place of meetings; meetings by telephone); 

(ii) Section 3.6 (regular meetings); 

(iii) Section 3.7 (special meetings; notice); 

(iv) Section 3.9 (board action without a meeting); and 

(v) Section 7.13 (waiver of notice), 

with such changes in the context of those bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the Board and its members; provided,
however, that: 

(i) the time of regular meetings of committees may be determined either by resolution of the Board or by resolution of
the committee; 

(ii) special meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the Board or the chairperson of the applicable
committee; and 

(iii) the Board may adopt rules for the governance of any committee to override the provisions that would otherwise apply
to the committee pursuant to this Section 4.3, provided that such rules do not violate the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law. 

4.4 

Subcommittees.

Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws or the resolutions of the Board designating the committee, a
committee may create one (1) or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one (1) or more members of the committee, and delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee. 

Article V - Officers 

5.1 

Officers. 

The officers of the Corporation shall include a Chief Executive Officer, a President and a Secretary. The Corporation may also have, at the
discretion of the Board, a Chairperson of the Board, a Vice Chairperson of the Board, a Chief Financial Officer, a Chief Operating Officer, a Treasurer, one (1) or more Vice Presidents, one (1) or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one
(1) or more Assistant Treasurers, one (1) or more Assistant Secretaries, and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. No officer
need be a stockholder or director of the Corporation. Each officer of the Corporation shall hold office for such term as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her
earlier death, resignation or removal. 

16 

5.2 

Appointment of Officers. 

The Board shall appoint the officers of the Corporation, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of
Section 5.3. 

5.3 

Subordinate Officers. 

The Board may appoint, or empower the Chief Executive Officer or, in the absence of a Chief Executive Officer, the President, to appoint, such
other officers and agents as the business of the Corporation may require. Each of such officers and agents shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these bylaws or as the Board may from time
to time determine. 

5.4 

Removal and Resignation of Officers. 

Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by the
Board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the Board, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board. 

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt
of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice of resignation, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. If a resignation is made effective at a later date
and the Corporation accepts the future effective date, the Board may fill the pending vacancy before the effective date if the Board provides that the successor shall not take office until the effective date. Any resignation is without prejudice to
the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party. 

5.5 

Vacancies in Offices. 

Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board or as provided in Section 5.2.

5.6 

Representation of Shares of Other Corporations. 

The Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or the President of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the Board,
the Chief Executive Officer or the President, is authorized to vote, represent and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares or voting securities of any other corporation or other person standing in the name of
this Corporation. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority. 

5.7 

Authority and Duties of Officers. 

All officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the
Corporation as may be provided herein or designated from time to time by the Board and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the control of the Board. The Board may from time to time delegate
the powers or duties of any officer of the Corporation to any other officers or agents of the Corporation, notwithstanding any provision hereof. 

17 

5.8 

Compensation.

The compensation of the officers of the Corporation for their services as such shall be fixed from time to time by or at the direction of the
Board. An officer of the Corporation shall not be prevented from receiving compensation by reason of the fact that he or she is also a director of the Corporation. 

Article VI - Records 

A
stock ledger consisting of one or more records in which the names of all of the Corporations stockholders of record, the address and number of shares registered in the name of each such stockholder, and all issuances and transfers of stock of
the Corporation are recorded in accordance with Section 224 of the DGCL shall be administered by or on behalf of the Corporation. Any records administered by or on behalf of the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its
stock ledger, books of account, and minute books, may be kept on, or by means of, or be in the form of, any information storage device, or method, or one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic networks
or databases), provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time and, with respect to the stock ledger, that the records so kept (i) can be used to prepare the list of
stockholders specified in Sections 219 and 220 of the DGCL, (ii) record the information specified in Sections 156, 159, 217(a) and 218 of the DGCL, and (iii) record transfers of stock as governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code
as adopted in the State of Delaware. 

Article VII - General Matters 

7.1 

Execution of Corporate Contracts and Instruments. 

The Board, except as otherwise provided in these bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract
or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 

7.2 

Stock Certificates. 

The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates or shall be uncertificated. Certificates for the shares of stock, if any,
shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of stock represented by a certificate shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, any two
officers authorized to sign stock certificates representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. The Chairperson or Vice Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, Vice President, the Treasurer, any
Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation shall be specifically authorized to sign stock certificates. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or
registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he
or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 

18 

The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to
call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, or upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly
paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the
same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon. 

7.3 

Special Designation of Certificates.

If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations,
the preferences and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized
on the face or on the back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock (or, in the case of uncertificated shares, set forth in a notice provided pursuant to Section 151 of the DGCL);
provided, however, that except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the DGCL, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face of back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such
class or series of stock (or, in the case of any uncertificated shares, included in the aforementioned notice) a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the
preferences and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. 

7.4 

Lost Certificates. 

Except as provided in this Section 7.4, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued
certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have
been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may
be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares. 

7.5 

Shares Without Certificates

The Corporation may adopt a system of issuance, recordation and transfer of its shares of stock by electronic or other means not involving the
issuance of certificates, provided the use of such system by the Corporation is permitted in accordance with applicable law. 

7.6 

Construction; Definitions. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction
of these bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural and the plural number includes the singular. 

19 

7.7 

Dividends. 

The Board, subject to any restrictions contained in either (i) the DGCL or (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay
dividends upon the shares of its capital stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in shares of the Corporations capital stock. 

The Board may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and
may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies. 

7.8 

Fiscal Year. 

The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board and may be changed by the Board. 

7.9 

Seal. 

The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which shall be adopted and which may be altered by the Board. The Corporation may use the corporate
seal by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced. 

7.10 

Transfer of Stock. 

Shares of the stock of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by law and in these bylaws. Shares of stock of the
Corporation shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation only by the holder of record thereof or by such holders attorney duly authorized in writing, upon surrender to the Corporation of the certificate or certificates representing
such shares endorsed by the appropriate person or persons (or by delivery of duly executed instructions with respect to uncertificated shares), with such evidence of the authenticity of such endorsement or execution, transfer, authorization and
other matters as the Corporation may reasonably require, and accompanied by all necessary stock transfer stamps. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock records of
the Corporation by an entry showing the names of the persons from and to whom it was transferred. 

7.11 

Stock Transfer Agreements. 

The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes or series
of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. 

7.12 

Registered Stockholders. 

The Corporation: 

(i) shall be
entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner; and 

20 

(ii) shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such
share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Delaware. 

7.13 

Waiver of Notice. 

Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, a written waiver,
signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a
person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not
lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so
required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws. 

Article VIII - Notice 

8.1 

Delivery of Notice; Notice by Electronic Transmission. 

Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the
Corporation under any provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these bylaws may be given in writing directed to the stockholders mailing address (or by electronic transmission directed to the stockholders electronic
mail address, as applicable) as it appears on the records of the Corporation and shall be given (1) if mailed, when the notice is deposited in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, (2) if delivered by courier service, the earlier of when the
notice is received or left at such stockholders address or (3) if given by electronic mail, when directed to such stockholders electronic mail address unless the stockholder has notified the Corporation in writing or by electronic
transmission of an objection to receiving notice by electronic mail. A notice by electronic mail must include a prominent legend that the communication is an important notice regarding the Corporation. 

Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the
Corporation under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be
revocable by the stockholder by written notice or electronic transmission to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph, the Corporation may give a notice by electronic mail in accordance with the first paragraph of this
Section without obtaining the consent required by this paragraph. 

Any notice given pursuant to the preceding paragraph shall be deemed
given: 

(i) 

if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive
notice; 

(ii) 

if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific
posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and 

(iii) 

if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. 

21 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a notice may not be given by an electronic transmission from
and after the time that (1) the Corporation is unable to deliver by such electronic transmission two (2) consecutive notices given by the Corporation and (2) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of
the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, that the inadvertent failure to discover such inability shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. 

An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the
notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 

Article IX - Indemnification

9.1 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers. 

The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as it presently exists or may hereafter be
amended, any director or officer of the Corporation who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a
Proceeding) by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while serving as a director or officer of the Corporation, is or
was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, other enterprise or non-profit entity, including
service with respect to employee benefit plans (hereinafter, an indemnitee), against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid
in settlement) reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with any such Proceeding; provided that such indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner such indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such indemnitees conduct was unlawful. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in
Section 9.4, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such indemnitee only if the Proceeding was authorized in the specific case by the Board. 

9.2 

Indemnification of Others. 

The Corporation shall have the power to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL or any other applicable law,
as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any employee or agent of the Corporation who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom
he or she is the legal representative, is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture,
trust, enterprise or non- profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any
such Proceeding. 

22 

9.3 

Prepayment of Expenses. 

In addition to the obligation to indemnify conferred in Section 9.1, the Corporation shall to the fullest extent not
prohibited by the DGCL or any other applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by any indemnitee, and may pay the expenses incurred by any employee or agent of the Corporation, in defending any Proceeding in advance of
its final disposition; provided, however, that such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the person to repay all amounts advanced if it
should be ultimately determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article IX or otherwise. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.4, the
Corporation shall be required to advance expenses to a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such indemnitee only if the Proceeding was authorized in the specific case by the Board. 

9.4 

Determination; Claim. 

If a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of such Proceeding) under this Article IX is not paid in full within
sixty (60) days, or a claim for advancement of expenses under this Article IX is not paid in full within thirty (30) days, after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation the indemnitee may thereafter (but not
before) file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any such action the Corporation shall
have the burden of proving that the claimant was not entitled to the requested indemnification or payment of expenses under applicable law. 

9.5 

Non-Exclusivity of Rights. 

The rights conferred on any person by this Article IX shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or hereafter
acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 

9.6 

Insurance. 

The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the
Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust enterprise or non-profit entity against
any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the
provisions of the DGCL. 

9.7 

Other Indemnification. 

The Corporations obligation, if any, to indemnify or advance expenses to any person who was or is serving at its request as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity shall be reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification or advancement of
expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non- profit enterprise. 

23 

9.8 

Continuation of Indemnification. 

The rights to indemnification and to prepayment of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article IX shall continue
notwithstanding that the person has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors, administrators, legatees and distributees of such person. 

9.9 

Amendment or Repeal; Interpretation. 

The provisions of this Article IX shall constitute a contract between the Corporation, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, each
individual who serves or has served as a director or officer of the Corporation (whether before or after the adoption of these bylaws), in consideration of such persons performance of such services, and pursuant to this Article IX the
Corporation intends to be legally bound to each such current or former director or officer of the Corporation. With respect to current and former directors and officers of the Corporation, the rights conferred under this Article IX are
present contractual rights and such rights are fully vested, and shall be deemed to have vested fully, immediately upon adoption of theses bylaws. With respect to any directors or officers of the Corporation who commence service following adoption
of these bylaws, the rights conferred under this provision shall be present contractual rights and such rights shall fully vest, and be deemed to have vested fully, immediately upon such director or officer commencing service as a director or
officer of the Corporation. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article IX shall not adversely affect any right or protection (i) hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the
time of such repeal or modification or (ii) under any agreement providing for indemnification or advancement of expenses to an officer or director of the Corporation in effect prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 

Any reference to an officer of the Corporation in this Article IX shall be deemed to refer exclusively to the Chief Executive Officer,
the President and the Secretary of the Corporation, or other officer of the Corporation appointed by (x) the Board pursuant to Article V or (y) an officer to whom the Board has delegated the power to appoint officers pursuant to
Article V, and any reference to an officer of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be deemed to refer exclusively to an officer appointed by the board of directors (or
equivalent governing body) of such other entity pursuant to the certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or equivalent organizational documents) of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise.
The fact that any person who is or was an employee of the Corporation or an employee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise has been given or has used the title of Vice
President or any other title that could be construed to suggest or imply that such person is or may be an officer of the Corporation or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise
shall not result in such person being constituted as, or being deemed to be, an officer of the Corporation or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise for purposes of this Article
IX. 

Article X - Amendments 

The Board is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation. The stockholders also shall have power to adopt,
amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation; provided, however, that such action by stockholders shall require, in addition to any other vote required by the Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law, the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation with the power to vote generally in an election of directors, voting together as a
single class. 

24 

Article XI - Definitions 

As used in these bylaws, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

An electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper,
including the use of, or participation in, one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic networks or databases), that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof,
and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process. 

An electronic mail
means an electronic transmission directed to a unique electronic mail address (which electronic mail shall be deemed to include any files attached thereto and any information hyperlinked to a website if such electronic mail includes the contact
information of an officer or agent of the Corporation who is available to assist with accessing such files and information). 

An
electronic mail address means a destination, commonly expressed as a string of characters, consisting of a unique user name or mailbox (commonly referred to as the local part of the address) and a reference to an
internet domain (commonly referred to as the domain part of the address), whether or not displayed, to which electronic mail can be sent or delivered. 

The term person means any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, corporation,
trust, business trust, joint stock company, joint venture, unincorporated association, cooperative or association or any other legal entity or organization of whatever nature, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity.

25 

Blaize Holdings, Inc. 

Certificate of Amendment and Restatement of Bylaws 

The undersigned
hereby certifies that he or she is the duly elected, qualified, and acting Secretary of Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and that the foregoing bylaws are a true and correct copy of the Bylaws of
the Corporation in effect as of the date of this certificate. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand this 13th day
of January, 2025. 

/s/ Ken Swisstack

Name: Ken Swisstack

Title:
Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d903961dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 13, 2025, is made and entered
into by and among Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) (formerly known as BurTech Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation), BurTech LP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
Sponsor), the Persons set forth on Schedule I hereto (together with the Sponsor, the Sponsor Group, and each member of the Sponsor Group, a Sponsor Holder) and certain former
stockholders of Blaize Inc., a Delaware corporation (Blaize), set forth on Schedule II hereto (such stockholders, the Blaize Holders and, collectively with the Sponsor Group and any person or entity who
hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 or Section 5.10 of this Agreement, the Holders and each, a Holder). 

WHEREAS, the Company and certain Sponsor Holders are party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 10,
2021 (the Original RRA); 

WHEREAS, the Company entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as
of December 22, 2023, (as amended on April 22, 2024, October 24, 2024 and November 21, 2024, the MergerAgreement), by and among the Company, BurTech Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), and Blaize, pursuant to which, among other things, on the date hereof, Merger Sub merged with and into Blaize, with Blaize continuing on as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company, on the terms and conditions set forth therein; 

WHEREAS, on the date hereof, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the
Blaize Holders received shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 5.5 of the Original RRA, the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth therein may be amended or
modified upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders (as defined in the Original RRA) of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Original RRA) at the time in question, and the Sponsor Group are
collectively Holders in the aggregate of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities as of the date hereof; and 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Sponsor Group desire to amend and restate the Original RRA in its entirety and enter into this Agreement,
pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective
meanings set forth below: 

Additional Holder shall have the meaning given in Section 5.10.

Additional Holder Common Stock shall have the meaning given in
Section 5.10. 

Adverse Disclosure shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company or the Board, after consultation with counsel to the
Company, (i) would be required to be made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at such time
if the Registration Statement were not being filed, declared effective or used, as the case may be, and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public. 

Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto. 

Blaize shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto. 

Blaize Holders shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto. 

Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Closing shall have the meaning given in the Merger Agreement. 

Closing Date shall have the meaning given in the Merger Agreement. 

Commission shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto. 

Company shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto and includes the Companys successors by recapitalization,
merger, consolidation, spin-off, reorganization or similar transaction. 

Demanding
Holder shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.4. 

Earnout Shares shall have
the meaning given in the Merger Agreement. 

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be
amended from time to time. 

Form S-1 Shelf shall have the meaning given in
Section 2.1.1. 

Form S-3 Shelf shall have the meaning
given in Section 2.1.1. 

Holder Information shall have the meaning given in
Section 4.1.2. 

Holders shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto, for so long as
such person or entity holds any Registrable Securities. 

Joinder shall have the meaning given in
Section 5.10. 

Maximum Number of Securities shall have the meaning given in
Section 2.1.5. 

2 

Merger Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Minimum Takedown Threshold shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.4. 

Misstatement shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be
stated in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of a Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading. 

Original RRA shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto. 

Permitted Transferees shall mean any person or entity to whom such Holder is permitted to transfer such Registrable
Securities, subject to and in accordance with any applicable agreement between such Holder and/or their respective Permitted Transferees and the Company and any transferee thereafter, including Section 5.2 of this
Agreement. 

Piggyback Registration shall have the meaning given in Section 2.2.1. 

Prospectus shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus
supplements and as amended by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus. 

Registrable Security shall mean (a) any outstanding shares of Common Stock held by a Holder immediately following the
Closing (including any shares of Common Stock distributed or distributable pursuant to the Merger Agreement); (b) any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security of the Company held by a Holder immediately
following the Closing (including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security of the Company distributed or distributable pursuant to the Merger Agreement), (c) the Earnout Shares (in each case, upon issuance
thereof), (d) any Additional Holder Common Stock; and (e) any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to any securities referenced in clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) above by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in
connection with a recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, reorganization or similar transaction; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall
cease to be Registrable Securities upon the earliest to occur of: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold,
transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement by the applicable Holder; (B)(i) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, (ii) new certificates for such securities not bearing (or book-entry
positions not subject to) a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and (iii) subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (C) such
securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 or any successor rule promulgated under the Securities Act (but with no limitation as to volume or manner of sale or the
availability of current public information); and (E) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction. 

Registration shall mean a registration, including any related Shelf Takedown, effected by preparing and filing a
registration statement, Prospectus or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective. 

Registration Expenses shall mean the reasonable documented,
out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following: 

3 

(A) all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be
made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.) and any national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed; 

(B) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of outside counsel for the
Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities); 

(C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery
expenses; 

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company; 

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with
such Registration; and 

(F) in an Underwritten Offering, reasonable and documented fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by
the majority in interest of the Demanding Holders with the approval of the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) not to exceed $40,000 in the aggregate for each Registration. 

Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions
of this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in
such registration statement. 

Requesting Holders shall have the meaning given in
Section 2.1.5. 

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to
time. 

Shelf shall mean the Form S-1 Shelf, the Form S-3 Shelf or any Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement, as the case may be. 

Shelf
Registration shall mean a registration of securities pursuant to a registration statement filed with the Commission in accordance with and pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule then in effect).

Shelf Takedown shall mean an Underwritten Shelf Takedown or any proposed transfer or sale using a Registration
Statement, including a Piggyback Registration. 

Sponsor shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto. 

Sponsor Group shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto. 

Sponsor Holder shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto. 

Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.2. 

Transfer shall mean the (a) sale or assignment of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge,
grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the
meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether
any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b). 

4 

Underwriter shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable
Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such dealers market-making activities. 

Underwritten
Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public. 

Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.4. 

Withdrawal Notice shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.6. 

ARTICLE II 

REGISTRATIONS AND OFFERINGS 

2.1 Shelf Registration. 

2.1.1 Filing. Within thirty (30) calendar days following the Closing Date, the Company shall submit to or file with the
Commission a Registration Statement for a Shelf Registration on Form S-1 (the Form S-1 Shelf) or a Registration Statement for a Shelf Registration on
Form S-3 (the Form S-3Shelf), if the Company is then eligible to use a Form S-3 Shelf, in each case,
covering the resale of all the Registrable Securities (determined as of two (2) business days prior to such submission or filing) on a delayed or continuous basis and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have such Shelf declared
effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof, but no later than the earlier of (a) the one hundred twentieth (120th) calendar day following the filing date thereof if the Commission notifies the Company that it will
review the Registration Statement and (b) the tenth (10th) business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that the Registration Statement will not be
reviewed or will not be subject to further review. Such Shelf shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder
named therein. The Company shall maintain a Shelf in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep a Shelf
continuously effective, available for use to permit the Holders named therein to sell their Registrable Securities included therein and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable
Securities. In the event the Company files a Form S-1 Shelf, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to convert the Form S-1 Shelf (and any Subsequent
Shelf Registration Statement) to a Form S-3 Shelf as soon as practicable after the Company is eligible to use Form S-3. The Companys obligation under this
Section 2.1.1, shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to Section 3.4. 

2.1.2
Subsequent Shelf Registration. If any Shelf ceases to be effective under the Securities Act for any reason at any time while Registrable Securities are still outstanding, the Company shall, subject to
Section 3.4, use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable cause such Shelf to again become effective under the Securities Act (including using its commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf), and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable amend such Shelf in a manner reasonably expected to result in the
withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf or file an additional registration statement as a Shelf Registration (a Subsequent

5 

Shelf Registration Statement) registering the resale of all Registrable Securities (determined as of two (2) business days prior to such filing), and pursuant to any method or
combination of methods legally available to, and requested by, any Holder named therein. If a Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement is filed, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause such Subsequent Shelf
Registration Statement to become effective under the Securities Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable after the filing thereof (it being agreed that the Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement shall be an automatic shelf registration
statement (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act) if the Company is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act) at the most recent applicable eligibility determination date) and
(ii) keep such Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective, available for use to permit the Holders named therein to sell their Registrable Securities included therein and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities
Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities. Any such Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement shall be on Form S-3 to the extent that the Company is eligible to use such form.
Otherwise, such Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement shall be on another appropriate form. The Companys obligation under this Section 2.1.2, shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to Section 3.4. 

2.1.3 Additional Registrable Securities. Subject to Section 3.4, in the event that any Holder holds Registrable Securities that are
not registered for resale on a delayed or continuous basis, the Company, upon written request of a Sponsor Holder or a Blaize Holder, shall promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the resale of such Registrable Securities to be
covered by either, at the Companys option, any then available Shelf (including by means of a post-effective amendment) or by filing a Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement and cause the same to become effective as soon as practicable after
such filing and such Shelf or Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement shall be subject to the terms hereof; provided, however, that the Company shall only be required to cause such Registrable Securities to be so covered twice per calendar
year for each of the Sponsor Holders and the Blaize Holders, respectively. 

2.1.4 RequestsforUnderwrittenShelfTakedowns. Subject to Section 3.4, at any time and from time to time when an effective Shelf is on file with the Commission, a Sponsor Holder or a Blaize Holder (a
Sponsor Holder or a Blaize Holder being in such case, a Demanding Holder) may request to sell all or any portion of its Registrable Securities in an Underwritten Offering that is registered pursuant to the Shelf (each, an
UnderwrittenShelfTakedown); providedthat the Company shall only be obligated to effect an Underwritten Shelf Takedown if such offering shall include Registrable Securities proposed to
be sold by the Demanding Holder, either individually or together with other Demanding Holders, with a total offering price reasonably expected to exceed, in the aggregate, $50 million (the MinimumTakedownThreshold), net of all underwriting discounts and commissions. All requests for Underwritten Shelf Takedowns shall be made by giving written notice to the Company, which shall specify the approximate number of Registrable Securities
proposed to be sold in the Underwritten Shelf Takedown. The Company shall have the right to select the Underwriters for such offering (which shall consist of one or more reputable nationally recognized investment banks), subject to the initial
Demanding Holders prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). The Sponsor Holders may demand not more than two (2) and the Blaize Holders may demand not more than two (2) Underwritten Shelf
Takedowns pursuant to this Section 2.1.4 in any twelve (12) month period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company may effect any Underwritten Offering pursuant to any then effective
Registration Statement, including a Form S-3, that is then available for such offering. 

2.1.5
Reduction of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Shelf Takedown, in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Holders requesting piggy back rights pursuant to this
Agreement with respect to such Underwritten Shelf Takedown (the Requesting Holders) (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any)
desire 

6 

to sell, taken together with all other shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and all other shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any,
that have been requested to be sold in such Underwritten Offering pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other stockholders, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that
can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities,
as applicable, the MaximumNumber of Securities), then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, before including any shares of Common Stock or other equity securities proposed to be sold by Company or by
other holders of Common Stock or other equity securities, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata (as nearly as practicable) based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each
Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such
Underwritten Shelf Takedown) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities. To facilitate the allocation of Registrable Securities in accordance with the above provisions, the Company or the Underwriters may round the number of
shares allocated to any Holder to the nearest 100 Registrable Securities. The Company shall not be required to include any Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown unless the Holders accept the terms of the underwriting as agreed
upon between the Company and its Underwriters. 

2.1.6 Withdrawal. Prior to the filing of the applicable red
herring prospectus or prospectus supplement used for marketing such Underwritten Shelf Takedown, a majority in interest of the Demanding Holders initiating an Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall have the right to withdraw from such Underwritten
Shelf Takedown for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification (a WithdrawalNotice) to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Underwritten Shelf
Takedown; provided that a Sponsor Holder or a Blaize Holder may elect to have the Company continue an Underwritten Shelf Takedown if the Minimum Takedown Threshold would still be satisfied by the Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in
the Underwritten Shelf Takedown by the Sponsor Holders, the Blaize Holders or any of their respective Permitted Transferees, as applicable. If withdrawn, a demand for an Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall constitute a demand for an Underwritten Shelf
Takedown by the withdrawing Demanding Holder for purposes of Section 2.1.4, unless such Demanding Holder reimburses the Company for all Registration Expenses with respect to such Underwritten Shelf Takedown (or, if there is
more than one Demanding Holder, a pro rata portion of such Registration Expenses based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown); providedthat, if a Sponsor Holder or a Blaize Holder elects to continue an Underwritten Shelf Takedown pursuant to the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence, such Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall instead count as an Underwritten Shelf Takedown
demanded by such Sponsor Holder or such Blaize Holder, as applicable, for purposes of Section 2.1.4. Following the receipt of any Withdrawal Notice, the Company shall promptly forward such Withdrawal Notice to any other
Holders that had elected to participate in such Shelf Takedown. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Shelf Takedown prior to its
withdrawal under this Section 2.1.6, other than if a withdrawing Demanding Holder elects to pay such Registration Expenses pursuant to the second sentence of this Section 2.1.6. 

7 

2.2 Piggyback Registration. 

2.2.1 PiggybackRights. If the Company or any Holder proposes to conduct a registered offering of, or if the
Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Registration of, equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own
account or for the account of stockholders of the Company (or by the Company and by the stockholders of the Company, including, without limitation, an Underwritten Shelf Takedown pursuant to Section 2.1), other than a
Registration Statement (or any registered offering with respect thereto) (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form
S-4 (or similar form that relates to a transaction subject to Rule 145 under the Securities Act or any successor rule thereto), (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the
Company, or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed offering to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than five (5) days before the
anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement or, in the case of an Underwritten Offering pursuant to a Shelf Registration, the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus supplement used for marketing such offering, which
notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer
to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to include in such registered offering such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such
registered offering, a Piggyback Registration). Subject to Section 2.2.2, the Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and, if
applicable, shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of such Piggyback Registration to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this
Section 2.2.1 to be included therein on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such registered offering and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. The inclusion of any Holders Registrable Securities in a Piggyback Registration shall be subject to such Holder agreement to enter into an underwriting agreement in customary
form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Holders shall have no rights under this Section 2.2.1 if the registration statement the
Company proposes to file is solely for purposes of a delayed or continuous offering pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act and, at the time of the filing of such registration statement, the Company is in compliance with its obligations under
Section 2.1. 

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or
Underwriters in an Underwritten Offering that is to be a Piggyback Registration, in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of
shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering has been demanded
pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant to
Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back
registration rights of persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then: 

(a) if the Registration is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration
(A) first, the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has
not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2.2.1, pro rata (as nearly as practicable), based
on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Offering and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such

8 

Underwritten Offering, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the
foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of
persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; 

(b) if the Registration is pursuant to a demand by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the
Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their
Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2.2.1, pro rata (as nearly as practicable), based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Offering and
the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such Underwritten Offering, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number
of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and
(D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering
has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and

(c) if the Registration and Underwritten Shelf Takedown is pursuant to a request by Holder(s) of Registrable Securities pursuant
to Section 2.1 hereof, then the Company shall include in any such Registration securities in the priority set forth in Section 2.1.5. 

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities (other than a Demanding Holder, whose right to
withdraw from an Underwritten Shelf Takedown, and related obligations, shall be governed by Section 2.1.6) shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written
notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to
such Piggyback Registration or, in the case of a Piggyback Registration pursuant to a Shelf Registration, the filing of the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus supplement with respect to such Piggyback Registration used for
marketing such transaction. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons or entities pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement
filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (other than
Section 2.1.6), the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this Section 2.2.3. 

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, subject to Section 2.1.6, any
Piggyback Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted as a demand for an Underwritten Shelf Takedown under Section 2.1.4 hereof. 

9 

2.3 Market Stand-off. In connection with any
Underwritten Offering of equity securities of the Company, if requested by the managing Underwriters, each Holder that is an executive officer or director of the Company or a Holder of more than five percent (5%) of the outstanding Common Stock (and
for which it is customary for such a Holder to agree to a lock-up) agrees that it shall not Transfer any shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company (other than those included in such
offering pursuant to this Agreement), without the prior written consent of the Company, during the ninety (90)-day period (or such shorter time agreed to by the managing Underwriters) beginning on the date of
pricing of such offering, except as expressly permitted by such lock-up agreement or in the event the managing Underwriters otherwise agree by written consent. Each such Holder agrees to execute a customary lock-up agreement in favor of the Underwriters to such effect (in each case on substantially the same terms and conditions as all such Holders). 

ARTICLE III 

COMPANY
PROCEDURES 

3.1 General Procedures. In connection with any Shelf and/or Shelf Takedown, the Company shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable: 

3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission as soon as reasonably practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable
Securities and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities have ceased to be Registrable Securities; 

3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such
supplements to the Prospectus, as may be reasonably requested by any Holder that holds at least ten percent (10%) of the then outstanding number of shares of Common Stock or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the
rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such
Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus or have ceased to be Registrable Securities; 

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the
Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration
Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and
the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders; 

3.1.4 prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) register or qualify
the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light
of their intended plan of distribution) may reasonably request (or provide evidence satisfactory to such Holders that the Registrable 

10 

Securities are exempt from such registration or qualification) and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered
with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any
jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject; 

3.1.5 cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each national securities exchange on which similar securities issued by the
Company are then listed; 

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable
Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement; 

3.1.7 advise each seller of such Registrable
Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for
such purpose and promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued; 

3.1.8 prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or
Prospectus, furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities or its counsel (excluding any exhibits thereto and any filing made under the Exchange Act that is to be incorporated by reference therein); 

3.1.9 notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the
Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in
Section 3.4; 

3.1.10 in the event of an Underwritten Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent or
sales agent pursuant to such Registration, permit a representative of the Holders, the Underwriters or other financial institutions facilitating such Underwritten Offering or other sale pursuant to such Registration, if any, and any attorney,
consultant or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons or entitys own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and
employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, financial institution, attorney, consultant or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representatives,
Underwriters or financial institutions agree to confidentiality arrangements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information; 

3.1.11 use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a comfort letter (including a bring-down letter dated as of the date
the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration) from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent or sales agent pursuant
to such Registration (subject to such broker, placement agent or sales agent providing such certification or representation reasonably requested by the Companys independent registered public accountants and the Companys counsel) in
customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders; 

11 

3.1.12 in the event of an Underwritten Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent
or sales agent pursuant to such Registration, on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration,
addressed to the participating Holders, the broker, placement agents or sales agent, if any and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the
participating Holders, broker, placement agent, sales agent or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions, provided such participating Holders provide such information to such counsel as is customarily
required for purpose of such opinions; 

3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent or
sales agent pursuant to such Registration, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting or other purchase or sales agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter or the broker, placement agent or sales agent of
such offering or sale; 

3.1.14 make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement
covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the
Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule then in effect); 

3.1.15 if the Registration involves the Registration
of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $50 million with respect to an Underwritten Offering pursuant to Section 2.1.4, use its commercially reasonable efforts to make available senior
executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in such Underwritten Offering; and 

3.1.16 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the
participating Holders, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, in connection with such Registration. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not be required to provide any documents or information to an Underwriter or broker, sales agent or placement agent if such Underwriter or broker, sales agent or placement agent has not then been named with respect to the
applicable Underwritten Offering or other offering involving a registration as an Underwriter or broker, sales agent or placement agent, as applicable. 

3.2 Registration Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the
Holders that the Holders selling Registrable Securities in any offering shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of such Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts, brokerage fees,
Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses, all reasonable and documented fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders. 

12 

3.3 Requirements for Participation in Registration Statements and Offerings.
The Holders of Registrable Securities shall provide such information as may reasonably be requested by the Company, or the managing Underwriter or placement agent or sales agent, if any, in connection with the preparation of any Registration
Statement or Prospectus, including amendments and supplements thereto, in order to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities under the Securities Act pursuant to ARTICLEII and in connection with the Companys
obligation to comply with federal and applicable state securities laws. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any Holder does not provide the Company with its requested Holder Information, the Company may exclude such
Holders Registrable Securities from the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus if the Company determines, based on the advice of counsel, that such information is necessary to effect the registration and such Holder continues
thereafter to withhold such information. No person or entity may participate in any Underwritten Offering or other offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person or
entity (i) agrees to sell such persons or entitys securities on the basis provided in any underwriting, sales, distribution or placement arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary
questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting or other agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting, sales,
distribution or placement arrangements. The exclusion of a Holders Registrable Securities as a result of this Section 3.3 shall not affect the registration of the other Registrable Securities to be included in such
Registration. 

3.4 Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure; Restrictions on Registration Rights. 

3.4.1 Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement, each of the
Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file
such supplement or amendment as soon as reasonably practicable after the time of such notice), or until it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. 

3.4.2 Subject to Section 3.4.4, if the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration
Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would (a) require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure, (b) require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for
reasons beyond the Companys control, or (c) in the good faith judgment of the majority of the Board such Registration, be seriously detrimental to the Company and the majority of the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to
defer such filing, initial effectiveness or continued use at such time, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders (which notice shall not specify the nature of the event giving rise to such delay or
suspension), delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises
its rights under this Section 3.4.2, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or
offer to sell Registrable Securities until such Holder receives written notice from the Company that such sales or offers of Registrable Securities may be resumed, and in each case maintain the confidentiality of such notice and its contents. 

3.4.3 Subject to Section 3.4.4, (a) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the
Companys good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and eighty (180) days after the effective date of, a Company-initiated Registration, and provided that the Company continues to actively employ,
in good faith, all reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the applicable Shelf Registration Statement, or (b) if, pursuant to Section 2.1.4, Holders have requested an Underwritten Shelf Takedown and the
Company and Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite such offering, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay any other registered offering pursuant to
Section 2.1.4. 

13 

3.4.4 The right to delay or suspend any filing, initial effectiveness or continued
use of a Registration Statement pursuant to Section 3.4.2 or a registered offering pursuant to Section 3.4.3 shall be exercised by the Company, in the aggregate, for not more than ninety
(90) consecutive calendar days or more than one hundred and twenty (120) total calendar days in each case, during any twelve (12)-month period. 

3.5 Reporting Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a
reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to use commercially reasonable efforts to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the
date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holders upon written request with true and complete copies of all such filings; provided that any documents publicly filed or furnished with the
Commission pursuant to the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System shall be deemed to have been furnished or delivered to the Holders pursuant to this Section 3.5. The Company further covenants that it
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Registrable Securities held by such Holder without registration
under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule then in effect). Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written
certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements. 

ARTICLE IV 

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION 

4.1 Indemnification. 

4.1.1 The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers, directors
and agents and each person or entity who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act), against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable and documented outside attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
material fact contained in or incorporated by reference in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto filed pursuant to this Agreement or any omission or alleged omission of a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of a Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except insofar as the same
are caused by or contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. 

4.1.2 In connection with any Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is
participating, such Holder shall furnish (or cause to be furnished) to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus (the
Holder Information) and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors, officers and agents and each person or entity who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable and documented outside
attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained or incorporated by reference in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or
any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of a Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus in the light of the circumstances under which they were

14 

made, not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue or alleged untrue statement is contained in (or not contained in, in the case of an omission or alleged omission) any information or
affidavit so furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the
liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable
Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person or entity who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to
indemnification of the Company. 

4.1.3 Any person or entity entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written
notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons or entitys right to indemnification hereunder to the extent such
failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim,
permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the
indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more
than one counsel for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such
indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of
money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement includes a statement or admission of fault and culpability on the part of such indemnified party or which settlement does not
include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. 

4.1.4 The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made
by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person or entity of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an
offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason. 

4.1.5 If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 from the indemnifying party is unavailable or
insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses referred to herein, then the
indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The
relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged
omission to state a material fact, was made by (or not made by, in the case of an omission), or relates to information supplied by (or not supplied by in the case of an omission), such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying
partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided,however, that the liability of any Holder under this
Section 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such 

15 

liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Sections
4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with
any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation,
which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 4.1.5. No person or entity guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act)
shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this Section 4.1.5 from any person or entity who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

ARTICLE V 

MISCELLANEOUS 

5.1
Notices. Any notice or communication under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) when delivered in person, (ii) when delivered after posting in the United States mail having been sent
registered or certified mail return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) when delivered by FedEx or other nationally recognized overnight delivery service, or (iv) when delivered by email (in case of this clause (iv), solely to the extent
no bounce back or similar message is received). Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: Blaize Holdings, Inc., 4659 Golden Foothill Parkway, Suite 206, El Dorado Hills, CA 95762,
Attention: Dinakar Munagala Email: Dinakar.Munagala@blaize.com, and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address, electronic mail address or facsimile number as set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address
for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto. 

5.2 Assignment;NoThird-PartyBeneficiaries. 

5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company
hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. 

5.2.2 Subject to Section 5.2.4 and Section 5.2.5, this Agreement and the rights,
duties and obligations of a Holder hereunder may be assigned in whole or in part to such Holders Permitted Transferees; providedthat, with respect to the Blaize Holders and the Sponsor Group, the rights hereunder that are
personal to such Holders may not be assigned or delegated in whole or in part, except that (x) each of the Holders shall be permitted to transfer its rights hereunder as a Holder to one or more affiliates or any direct or indirect partners,
members or equity holders of such Holder (it being understood that no such transfer shall reduce any rights of such Holder or such transferees). 

5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its
successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees. 

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not
confer any rights or benefits on any persons or entities that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2. 

5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate
the Company unless it is permitted under Section 5.2.2 and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the
written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or
assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void, ab initio. 

16 

5.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed (including by electronic signature)
in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

5.4 Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement, and all claims or causes of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or
the transactions herein, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles or rules of conflict of laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the
application of laws of another jurisdiction. 

5.5 TRIAL BY JURY. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY
WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY, UNCONDITIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS.

5.6
Amendments and Modifications. Upon the written consent of (a) the Company and (b) the Holders of a majority of the total Registrable Securities, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this
Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof shall also require the written consent of
each Holder so long as such Holder and its affiliates hold, in the aggregate, at least ten percent (10%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company; and provided, further, that any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that
adversely affects one Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of the shares of capital stock of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected.
No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or
remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.7 Other Registration Rights. Other than as provided in the Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, between the
Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for
sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration Statement filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person or entity. Further, the Company represents and warrants that
this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.8 Term. This Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the seventh anniversary of the date of this Agreement and
(b) with respect to any Holder, on the date that such Holder no longer holds any Registrable Securities. The provisions of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination. 

17 

5.9 Holder Information. Each Holder agrees, if requested in writing, to represent to
the Company the total number of Registrable Securities held by such Holder in order for the Company to make determinations hereunder. 

5.10 AdditionalHolders;Joinder. In addition to persons or entities who may become Holders pursuant
to Section 5.2 hereof, subject to the prior written consent of the Sponsor and each Blaize Holder (in each case, so long as such Holder and its affiliates hold, in the aggregate, at least five percent (5%) of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company), the Company may make any person or entity who has or acquires Common Stock or rights to acquire Common Stock after the date hereof a party to this Agreement (each such person or entity, an
Additional Holder) by obtaining an executed joinder to this Agreement from such Additional Holder in the form of ExhibitA attached hereto (a Joinder). Such Joinder shall specify the rights
and obligations of the applicable Additional Holder under this Agreement. Upon the execution and delivery and subject to the terms of a Joinder by such Additional Holder, the Common Stock of the Company then owned, or underlying any rights then
owned, by such Additional Holder (the Additional Holder Common Stock) shall be Registrable Securities to the extent provided herein and therein and such Additional Holder shall be a Holder under this Agreement with respect to such
Additional Holder Common Stock. 

5.11 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court
of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The parties hereto further agree that if any provision contained herein is, to any extent, held invalid or unenforceable in any respect under
the laws governing this Agreement, they shall take any actions necessary to render the remaining provisions of this Agreement valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law and, to the extent necessary, shall amend or otherwise modify
this Agreement to replace any provision contained herein that is held invalid or unenforceable with a valid and enforceable provision giving effect to the intent of the parties. 

5.12 Entire Agreement; Restatement. This Agreement constitutes the full and entire agreement and understanding between the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings relating to such subject matter. Upon the Closing, the Original RRA shall no longer be of any force or effect. 

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

COMPANY:

BLAIZE HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ Dinakar Munagala

Name: Dinakar Munagala

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

HOLDERS:

BURTECH LP LLC

By: 

/s/ Shahal Khan

Name: Shahal Khan

Title: Senior Managing Member

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

D. BORAL CAPITAL LLC (f/k/a EF HUTTON, DIVISION OF BENCHMARK INVESTMENTS, LLC)

By: 

/s/ Gaurav Verma

Name: Gaurav Verma

Title: Co-Head of Investment Banking

{Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement} 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

BURKHAN CAPITAL LLC

By: 

/s/ Shahal Khan

Name: Shahal Khan

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

/s/ Dinakar Munagala

Name: Dinakar Munagala

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

/s/ Harminder Sehmi

Name: Harminder Sehmi

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

/s/ Lane Bess

Name: Lane Bess

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

/s/ Anthony Cannestra

Name: Anthony Cannestra

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

/s/ Edward H. Frank

Name: Edward H. Frank

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

/s/ Juergen Hambrecht

Name: Juergen Hambrecht

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

/s/ Yoshiaki Fujimori

Name: Yoshiaki Fujimori

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

/s/ George de Urioste

Name: George de Urioste

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

DENSO CORPORATION

/s/ Takeshi Kuzuhara

Name: Takeshi Kuzuhara

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

DENSO INTERNATIONAL AMERICA, INC.

/s/ Anthony Cannestra

Name: Anthony Cannestra

Title: Director of Corporate Ventures

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

BESS VENTURES AND ADVISORY, LLC

/s/ Lane Bess

Name: Lane Bess

Title:

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

CORAL GABLES TRUST COMPANY, TRUSTEE OF THE DESTIN HUANG IRREVOCABLE TRUST DATED OCTOBER 19, 2021

/s/ Lane Bess

Name: Lane Bess

Title:

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

Anderson Investments Pte. Ltd.

By: 

/s/ Sherlyn Lim

Name: Sherlyn Lim

Title: Authorised Signatory

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

RT-AI II, LLC

/s/ Suhail Rizvi

Name: Suhail Rizvi

Title:

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

RT-AI III, LLC

/s/ Suhail Rizvi

Name: Suhail Rizvi

Title:

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

RT-AI IV, LLC

/s/ Suhail Rizvi

Name: Suhail Rizvi

Title:

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

RT-AI V, LLC

/s/ Suhail Rizvi

Name: Suhail Rizvi

Title:

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

RIZVI MASTER LLC

/s/ Suhail Rizvi

Name: Suhail Rizvi

Title:

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

Exhibit A 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT JOINDER 

The undersigned is executing and delivering this joinder (this Joinder) pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025 (as the same may hereafter be amended, the Registration Rights Agreement), by and among Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the other
persons or entities named as parties therein. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

By executing and delivering this Joinder to the Company, and upon acceptance hereof by the Company upon the execution of a counterpart hereof,
the undersigned hereby agrees to become a party to, to be bound by, and to comply with the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder of Registrable Securities in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Registration
Rights Agreement, and the undersigneds shares of Common Stock shall be included as Registrable Securities under the Registration Rights Agreement to the extent provided therein; provided, however, that the undersigned and its permitted
assigns (if any) shall not have any rights as Holders, and the undersigneds (and its transferees) shares of Common Stock shall not be included as Registrable Securities, for purposes of the Excluded Sections. 

For purposes of this Joinder, Excluded Sections shall mean []. 

Accordingly, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder as of the day of
, 20. 

Signature of
Stockholder

Print Name of Stockholder

Its:

Address: 

Agreed and Accepted as of 

, 20

Blaize Holdings, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

A-1 

Schedule I 

Sponsor Group

BurTech LP LLC

D. Boral Capital LLC (f/k/a EF Hutton, Division of Benchmark Investments, LLC)

Burkhan Capital LLC

Fir Tree Value Master Fund LP

Fir Tree Capital Opportunity Master Fund, LP

Fir Tree Capital Opportunity Master Fund III, LP

FT SOF XIII
(SPAC) Holdings, LLC

BOSTON PATRIOT MERRIMACK ST. LLC

Kepos Alpha Master Fund L.P.

Kepos Special Opportunities Master Fund L.P.

James Lee Lapp

Mizuho Securities USA LLC

Radcliffe SPAC Master
Fund L.P.

EXOS COLLATERALIZED SPAC HOLDINGS FUND LP

2nd Exos

Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP

Boothbay Diversified Alpha Master Fund LP

Sandia Crest
LP

Walleye Investments Fund LLC

WALLEYE OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND LTD

Crestline Summit Master, SPC - Peak SP

Crestline Summit Master, SPC - Crestline Summit APEX SP

Harraden Circle Investors, LP

Walleye
Investments Fund LLC

WALLEYE OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND LTD

Sea Hawk Multi-Strategy Master Fund Ltd.

Arena
Finance Markets, LP

Arena Special Opportunities (Offshore) Master, LP

Arena Special Opportunities Fund, LP

Arena Special Opportunities Partners II, LP

Arena Special Opportunities Partners (Cayman Master) II, LP

AQR Absolute Return Master Account, L.P.

AQR
Corporate Arbitrage Master Account, L.P.

AQR Global Alternative Investment Offshore Fund, L.P. SPACs Sleeve

AQR Tax Advantaged Absolute Return Fund, L.P.

F&M Star Alliance, Inc.

[Schedule I to Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement] 

Schedule II 

Blaize Holders

Dinakar Munagala

Harminder Sehmi

Lane M. Bess

Edward Frank

Anthony Cannestra

Juergen Hambrecht

George de Urioste

Yoshiaki Fujimori

Bess Ventures and Advisory, LLC

Coral Gables Trust Company,
Trustee of the Destin Huang Irrevocable Trust Dated October 19, 2021

Anderson Investments Pte. Ltd.

RT-AI II, LLC

RT-AI III, LLC

RT-AI IV, LLC

RT-AI V, LLC

Rizvi Master
LLC

DENSO Corporation

DENSO International America,
Inc.

[Schedule II to Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d903961dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT AGREEMENT 

This Indemnification and Advancement Agreement (Agreement) is made as of January
[ ], 2025 by and between Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and [ ], [a member of the Board
of Directors/an officer] of the Company (Indemnitee). This Agreement supersedes and replaces any and all previous Agreements between the Company and Indemnitee covering indemnification and advancement of expenses. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the
Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) believes that highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers, or in other capacities unless they are provided
with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification and advancement of expenses against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an
ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among United
States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time,
directors, officers, and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought
only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The Companys Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). The Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation, and the DGCL expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and
thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and its directors, officers, and other persons with respect to indemnification and advancement of expenses; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance, to indemnification, and to advancement of expenses may increase the difficulty of
attracting and retaining such persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such
persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on
behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to, and in furtherance of, the Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation and any resolutions adopted
pursuant thereto, as well as any rights of Indemnitee under any directors and officers liability insurance policy, and is not a substitute therefor, and does not diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the Bylaws, the
Certificate of Incorporation, and available insurance as adequate in the present circumstances, and may not be willing to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company without adequate additional protection, and the Company
desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified and be advanced
expenses. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby
covenant and agree as follows: 

Section 1. Services to the Company. Indemnitee agrees to serve as a director or officer of the
Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law). This Agreement does not create any obligation on the Company to continue
Indemnitee in such position and is not an employment contract between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or any Enterprise) and Indemnitee. 

Section 2. Definitions. As used in this Agreement: 

(a) Agent means any person who is authorized by the Company or an Enterprise to act for or represent the interests of
the Company or an Enterprise, respectively. 

(b) A Change in Control occurs upon the earliest to occur after the
date of this Agreement of any of the following events: 

i. Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below) is or
becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined below), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities unless the change in
relative beneficial ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 

ii. Change in Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this
Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Sections
2(b)(i), 2(b)(iii) or 2(b)(iv) of this Agreement) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then
still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

-2- 

iii. Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company
with any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being
converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a
majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; 

iv. Liquidation. The approval by the stockholders
of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets; and 

v. Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of
Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 

vi. For purposes of this Section 2(b), the following terms have the following meanings: 

1 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

2 

Person has the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act;
provided, however, that Person excludes (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any entity owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of
the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

3 

Beneficial Owner has the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner excludes any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with
another entity. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was acting as
a director, officer, employee, or Agent of the Company or an Enterprise. 

(d) Disinterested Director means a
director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e)
Enterprise means any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other entity for which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director,
officer, employee, or Agent. 

-3- 

(f) Expenses includes all reasonable attorneys fees,
retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees and other costs of experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, any federal, state,
local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements, obligations, or expenses of the types customarily incurred
in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding. Expenses also include (i) Expenses incurred in connection
with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, and (ii) for purposes of
Section 14(d) of this Agreement only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, do not include
amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(g) Independent
Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any
matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements) or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to
a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel does not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest
in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel. 

(h) Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim,
arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing, or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil,
criminal, administrative, legislative, regulatory, or investigative (formal or informal) nature, including any appeal therefrom, in which Indemnitee was, is, or will be involved as a party, potential party,
non-party witness, or otherwise by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status or by reason of any action taken by Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act)
on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of
Expenses can be provided under this Agreement. A Proceeding also includes a situation the Indemnitee believes in good faith may lead to, or culminate in, the institution of a Proceeding. 

Section 3. Indemnity in Third-Party Proceedings. The Company will indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 3 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 3, the Company
will indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other 

-4- 

charges paid or payable in connection with, or in respect of, such Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on
Indemnitees behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue, or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in
the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

Section 4.
Indemnity in Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. The Company will indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 4, the Company will indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best
interests of the Company. The Company will not indemnify Indemnitee for Expenses under this Section 4 related to any claim, issue, or matter in a Proceeding for which Indemnitee has been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company,
unless, and only to the extent that, the Court of Chancery of the state of Delaware (the Delaware Court) or any court in which the Proceeding was brought determines upon application by Indemnitee that, despite the
adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

Section 5. Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, the Company will indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding to the extent that Indemnitee is successful, on the merits or otherwise. If Indemnitee is not
wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues, or matters in such Proceeding, the Company will indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with or related to each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter to the fullest extent permitted by law. For purposes of this Section 5 and without limitation, the
termination of any claim, issue, or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, will be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue, or matter. 

Section 6. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company will
indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party but to which Indemnitee is a witness, deponent, interviewee,
or otherwise asked to participate or provide information. 

Section 7. Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under
any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company will indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

-5- 

Section 8. Additional Indemnification. Notwithstanding any limitation in
Sections 3, 4, or 5 of this Agreement, the Company will indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (including but not limited to, the DGCL and any amendments to or replacements of the DGCL adopted after the date of this
Agreement that expand the Companys ability to indemnify its officers, directors, employees or Agents) if Indemnitee is a party to, or threatened to be made a party to, any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to
procure a judgment in its favor). 

Section 9. Exclusions. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company is not
obligated under this Agreement to indemnify Indemnitee for: 

(a) for any amount actually paid to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any
insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except to the extent provided in Section 15(b) of this Agreement and except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; 

(b) an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the
meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; 

(c) reimbursement of the
Company by the Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by the Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such
reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the
purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) reimbursement of the
Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange
listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the Exchange Act; or 

(e) any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee, including any
Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Proceeding or part of any Proceeding is to enforce Indemnitees rights to
indemnification or advancement, of Expenses, including a Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement, (ii) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its
initiation or (iii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. 

Section 10. Advances of Expenses.

(a) The Company will advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with: 

i. any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) not initiated by Indemnitee; or 

-6- 

ii. any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee if 

1 the Proceeding or part of any Proceeding is to enforce Indemnitees rights to obtain indemnification or advancement of
Expenses from the Company or Enterprise, including a proceeding initiated pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement, or 

2 the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation. 

(b) The Company will advance the Expenses within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting
such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding eligible for advancement of expenses. 

(c)
Advances will be unsecured and interest free. Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay any amounts so advanced (without interest) to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company, thus
Indemnitee qualifies for advances upon the execution of this Agreement and delivery to the Company. No other form of undertaking is required other than the execution of this Agreement. The Company will make advances without regard to
Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. 

Section 11. Procedure for Notification of Claim for Indemnification or Advancement.

(a) Indemnitee will notify the Company in writing of any Proceeding with respect to which Indemnitee intends to seek indemnification or
advancement of Expenses hereunder as soon as reasonably practicable following the receipt by Indemnitee of written notice thereof. Indemnitee will include in the written notification to the Company a description of the nature of the Proceeding and
the facts underlying the Proceeding and provide such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification following the
final disposition of such Proceeding. Indemnitees failure to notify the Company will not relieve the Company from any obligation it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, and any delay in so notifying the Company will not constitute a
waiver by Indemnitee of any rights under this Agreement. The Secretary of the Company will, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification or advancement, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification or
advancement. 

(b) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

Section 12. Procedure Upon Application for Indemnification.

(a) Unless a Change of Control has occurred, the determination of Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification will be made: 

-7- 

i. by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the
Board; 

ii. by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than
a quorum of the Board; 

iii. if there are no such Disinterested Directors or, if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by written
opinion provided by Independent Counsel selected by the Board; or 

iv. if so directed by the Board, by the stockholders of the Company.

(b) If a Change in Control has occurred, the determination of Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification will be made by written
opinion provided by Independent Counsel selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee requests such selection be made by the Board) 

(c) The
party selecting Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a)(iii) or (b) of this Agreement will provide written notice of the selection to the other party. The notified party may, within ten (10) days after receiving written notice
of the selection of Independent Counsel, deliver to the selecting party a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not
meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection will set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so
selected will act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or the Delaware Court has
determined that such objection is without merit. If, within thirty (30) days after the later of submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement and the final disposition of the
Proceeding, Independent Counsel has not been selected or, if selected, any objection to such selection has not been resolved, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Delaware Court for resolution of any objection made by the Company or
Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court designates. Upon the due commencement of any judicial
proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel will be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then
prevailing). 

(d) Indemnitee will cooperate with the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to Indemnitees
entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons, or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available
to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. The Company will advance and pay any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making the indemnification determination irrespective of the
determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing of the determination that Indemnitee is
or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied and providing a copy of any written opinion provided to the Board by Independent Counsel. 

-8- 

(e) If it is determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company will
make payment to Indemnitee within thirty (30) days after such determination. 

Section 13. Presumptions and Effect of Certain
Proceedings.

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement, the person, persons,
or entity making such determination will, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, presume Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with
Section 11(a) of this Agreement, and the Company will, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to
have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper under the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the
Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, will be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

(b) If the determination of the Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification has not been made pursuant to Section 12 of this
Agreement within sixty (60) days after the later of (i) receipt by the Company of Indemnitees request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement and (ii) the final disposition of the Proceeding for
which Indemnitee requested Indemnification (the Determination Period), the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification will, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be deemed to have been made and
Indemnitee will be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the
request for indemnification or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. The Determination Period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the person, persons or entity
making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, the Determination Period
will not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 12(a)(iv) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the
request for such determination the Board has resolved to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is
made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been
so called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel. 

-9- 

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue, or matter therein by judgment,
order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolocontendere or its equivalent, will not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a
presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause
to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee will be deemed to
have acted in good faith if Indemnitee acted based on (i) the records or books of account of the Company, its subsidiaries, or an Enterprise, including financial statements, (ii) information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors or
officers of the Company, its subsidiaries, or an Enterprise in the course of their duties, (iii) the advice of legal counsel for the Company, its subsidiaries, or an Enterprise or (iv) information or records given or reports made to the
Company or an Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser, financial advisor or other expert selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company, its subsidiaries, or an Enterprise. Further, Indemnitee will
be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company, as referred to in this Agreement if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the
participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan. The provisions of this Section 13(d) are not exclusive and do not limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of
conduct set forth in this Agreement. 

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other person affiliated with the Company
or an Enterprise (including, but not limited to, a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, Agent or employee) may not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining Indemnitees right to indemnification under this Agreement.

Section 14. Remedies of Indemnitee.

(a) Indemnitee may commence litigation against the Company in the Delaware Court to obtain indemnification or advancement of Expenses provided
by this Agreement in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) the Company does not advance Expenses pursuant to
Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) the determination of entitlement to indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement within the Determination Period, (iv) the Company does not indemnify Indemnitee pursuant
to Section 5 or 6 or the second to last sentence of Section 12(d) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) the Company does not indemnify Indemnitee pursuant to
Section 3, 4, 7, or 8 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vi) in the event that the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take
any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder.
Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Indemnitee must commence such
Proceeding seeking an adjudication or an award in arbitration within one hundred and eighty (180) days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such Proceeding pursuant to this Section 14(a); provided,
however, that the foregoing clause does not apply in respect of a Proceeding brought by Indemnitee to enforce Indemnitees rights under Section 5 of this Agreement. The Company will not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any
such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

-10- 

(b) If a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee
is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 will be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial or arbitration on the merits and Indemnitee may not be prejudiced by
reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 the Company will have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the
case may be, and will not introduce evidence of the determination made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement. 

(c) If a
determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company will be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14
unless (i) a made of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with Indemnitees request for indemnification, or (ii) the Company is
prohibited from indemnifying Indemnitee under applicable law. 

(d) The Company is, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, precluded
from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding, or enforceable and will stipulate in any such court or before any such
arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(e) It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement, or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, by litigation or otherwise, because the cost
and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to the Indemnitee under this Agreement. The Company, to the fullest extent permitted by law, will (within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of
a written request therefor) advance to Indemnitee such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with a Proceeding concerning this Agreement, Indemnitees other rights to indemnification or advancement of Expenses from the
Company, or concerning any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, and will indemnify Indemnitee against any and all such Expenses unless the court determines that Indemnitees claims in such
action were made in bad faith or frivolous, or that the Company is prohibited by law from indemnifying Indemnitee for such Expenses. 

Section 15. Non-exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation.

(a) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by this Agreement are not exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at
any time be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution of the board of directors, or otherwise. The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by this
Agreement may not be limited or restricted by any 

-11- 

amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement in any way with respect to any action taken or omitted by Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status occurring prior to any amendment,
alteration or repeal of this Agreement. To the extent that a change in Delaware law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Bylaws, the
Certificate of Incorporation, or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any
other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy is cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy
hereunder, or otherwise, will not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company hereby
acknowledges that Indemnitee may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of Expenses and/or insurance provided by one or more other Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated. The relationship between the Company and such
other Persons, other than an Enterprise, with respect to Indemnitees rights to indemnification, advancement of Expenses, and insurance is described by this subsection, subject to the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section 15
with respect to a Proceeding concerning Indemnitees Corporate Status with an Enterprise. 

i. The Company hereby acknowledges and
agrees: 

1) the Companys obligations to Indemnitee are primary and any obligation of any other Persons, other than an Enterprise,
are secondary (i.e., the Company is the indemnitor of first resort) with respect to any request for indemnification or advancement of Expenses made pursuant to this Agreement concerning any Proceeding; 

2) the Company is primarily liable for all indemnification or advancement of Expenses obligations for any Proceeding, whether created by law,
the Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation, contract (including this Agreement) or otherwise; 

3) any obligation of any other Persons
with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated to indemnify Indemnitee and/or advance Expenses to Indemnitee in respect of any proceeding are secondary to the Companys obligations; 

4) the Company will indemnify Indemnitee and advance Expenses to Indemnitee hereunder to the fullest extent provided herein without regard to
any rights Indemnitee may have against any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or an insurer of any such Person; and 

ii. the Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases (A) any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated from
any claim of contribution, subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration or indemnification, or any other recovery of any kind in respect of amounts paid by the Company to Indemnitee pursuant to this Agreement and (B) any right to participate in any
claim or remedy of Indemnitee against any Person, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any Person, directly or
indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right. 

-12- 

iii. In the event any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or their
insurers advances or extinguishes any liability or loss for Indemnitee, the payor has a right of subrogation against the Company or its insurers for all amounts so paid which would otherwise be payable by the Company or its insurers under this
Agreement. In no event will payment by any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or their insurers affect the obligations of the Company hereunder or shift primary liability for the Companys obligation to indemnify or
advance Expenses to any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated. 

iv. Any indemnification or advancement of Expenses
provided by any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated is specifically in excess over the Companys obligation to indemnify and advance Expenses or any valid and collectible insurance (including but not limited to any
malpractice insurance or professional errors and omissions insurance) provided by the Company. 

(c) To the extent that the Company
maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, or Agents of the Company, the Company will obtain a policy or policies covering Indemnitee to the maximum extent of the coverage available
for any such director, officer, employee or Agent under such policy or policies, including coverage in the event the Company does not or cannot, for any reason, indemnify or advance Expenses to Indemnitee as required by this Agreement. If, at the
time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to this Agreement, the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company will give prompt notice of such claim or of the commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be,
to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company will thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of
such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. Indemnitee agrees to assist the Companys efforts to cause the insurers to pay such amounts and will comply with the terms of such policies, including selection of approved panel
counsel, if required. 

(d) The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee for any Proceeding
concerning Indemnitees Corporate Status with an Enterprise will be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such Enterprise. The Company and Indemnitee intend that any such
Enterprise (and its insurers) be the indemnitor of first resort with respect to indemnification and advancement of Expenses for any Proceeding related to or arising from Indemnitees Corporate Status with such Enterprise. The Companys
obligation to indemnify and advance Expenses to Indemnitee is secondary to the obligations the Enterprise or its insurers owe to Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees to take all reasonably necessary and desirable action to obtain from an Enterprise
indemnification and advancement of Expenses for any Proceeding related to, or arising from, Indemnitees Corporate Status with such Enterprise. 

-13- 

(e) In the event of any payment made by the Company under this Agreement, the Company will
be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee from any Enterprise or its insurance carrier. Indemnitee will execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including
execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

Section 16. Duration of
Agreement. The indemnification and advancement of Expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement are (i) binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any
direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), (ii) continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or Agent of the
Company or of any other Enterprise, and (iii) inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

Section 17. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any
reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and will remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions will be
deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation,
each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) will be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

Section 18. Interpretation. Any ambiguity in the terms of this Agreement will be resolved in favor of Indemnitee and in a
manner to provide the maximum indemnification and advancement of Expenses permitted by law. The Company and Indemnitee intend that this Agreement provide to the fullest extent permitted by law for indemnification and advancement of Expenses in
excess of that expressly provided, without limitation, by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, vote of the Companys stockholders or disinterested directors, or applicable law. 

Section 19. Enforcement.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order
to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer, employee, or Agent of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as director, officer, employee, or Agent of the
Company. 

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Certificate of
Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and officers insurance maintained by the Company, and applicable law, is not a substitute therefor, and does not diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

-14- 

Section 20. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification or amendment of
this Agreement is binding unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be deemed to constitute a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement nor will any waiver constitute a
continuing waiver. 

Section 21. Notice by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees to promptly notify the Company in writing upon being
served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to
so notify the Company does not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise. 

Section 22. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement will be in writing and will be
deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand to the other party, (b) sent by reputable overnight courier to the other party or (c) sent by facsimile transmission or electronic mail, with receipt of oral confirmation that
such communication has been received: 

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such
other address as Indemnitee provides to the Company. 

(b) If to the Company to: 

Name: Blaize Holdings, Inc. 

Address: 4659 Golden Foothill Parkway, Suite 206 

Attention: Harminder Sehmi 

Email: Harminder.Sehmi@blaize.com 

or to any
other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company. 

Section 23. Contribution. To the fullest extent
permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, will contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee,
whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and
reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (a) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding; and/or
(b) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and Agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

-15- 

Section 24. Applicable Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the
legal relations among the parties are governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee
pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (a) agree that any action, claim, or proceeding between the parties arising out of or in connection with this Agreement may be
brought only in the Delaware Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any
action, claim, or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action, claim, or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to
make, any claim that any such action, claim, or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 

Section 25. Identical Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will for all
purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this
Agreement. 

Section 26. Headings. The headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute part
of this Agreement or affect the construction thereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the
day and year first above written. 

BLAIZE HOLDINGS, INC. INDEMNITEE

By: 

Name: Name: 

Office: Address: 

-16-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d903961dex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 

BLAIZE, INC. 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED 

2011 STOCK PLAN 

AS AMENDED AND RESTATED ON AUGUST 12, 2021 

CONTENTS 

Page 

SECTION 1. ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE 1 

SECTION 2. ADMINISTRATION 1 

(a) Committees of the Board of Directors 1 

(b) Authority of the Board of Directors 1 

SECTION 3. ELIGIBILITY 1 

(a) General Rule 1 

(b) Ten-Percent Stockholders 1 

SECTION 4. STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN 2 

(a) Basic Limitation 2 

(b) Additional Shares 2 

SECTION 5. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF AWARDS OR SALES OF SHARES 2 

(a) Stock Grant or Purchase Agreement 2 

(b) Duration of Offers and Nontransferability of Rights 2 

(c) Purchase Price 3 

SECTION 6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS 3 

(a) Stock Option Agreement 3 

(b) Number of Shares 3 

(c) Exercise Price 3 

(d) Vesting and Exercisability 3 

(e) Basic Term 4 

(f) Termination of Service (Except by Death) 4 

(g) Leaves of Absence 4 

(h) Death of Optionee 4 

SECTION 7. PAYMENT FOR SHARES 6 

(a) General Rule 6 

(b) Services Rendered 6 

(c) Promissory Note 6 

(d) Surrender of Stock 6 

(e) Exercise/Sale 6 

(f) Net Exercise 6 

(g) Other Forms of Payment 7 

i 

SECTION 8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 7 

(a) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 7 

(b) Payment for Restricted Stock Units 7 

(c) Vesting Conditions 7 

(d) Forfeiture 7 

(e) Voting and Dividend Rights 7 

(f) Form and Time of Settlement of Restricted Stock Units 7 

(g) Death of Recipient 8 

(h) Creditors Rights 8 

(i) Modification, Extension and Assumption of Restricted Stock Units 8 

(j) Restrictions on Transfer of Restricted Stock Units 8 

SECTION 9. ADJUSTMENT OF SHARES 8 

(a) General 8 

(b) Corporate Transactions 9 

(c) Dissolution or Liquidation 10 

(d) Reservation of Rights 10 

SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 10 

(a) Securities Law Requirements 10 

(b) No Retention Rights 10 

(c) Treatment as Compensation 10 

(d) Governing Law 11 

(e) Conditions and Restrictions on Shares 11 

(f) Tax Matters 11 

SECTION 11. DURATION AND AMENDMENTS; STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL 12 

(a) Term of the Plan 12 

(b) Right to Amend or Terminate the Plan 12 

(c) Effect of Amendment or Termination 12 

(d) Stockholder Approval 12 

SECTION 12. DEFINITIONS 12 

ii 

BLAIZE, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2011 STOCK PLAN 

SECTION 1. ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE. 

The purpose of this Plan is to attract, incentivize and retain Employees, Outside Directors and Consultants through the grant of Awards. The
Plan provides for the direct award or sale of Shares, the grant of Options to purchase Shares, and the grant of Restricted Stock Units to acquire Shares. Options granted under the Plan may be ISOs intended to qualify under Code Section 422 or
NSOs which are not intended to so qualify. 

Capitalized terms are defined in Section 12. 

SECTION 2. ADMINISTRATION. 

(a) Committees of the Board of Directors. The Plan may be administered by one or more Committees. Each Committee shall consist, as
required by applicable law, of one or more members of the Board of Directors who have been appointed by the Board of Directors. Each Committee shall have such authority and be responsible for such functions as the Board of Directors has assigned to
it. If no Committee has been appointed, the entire Board of Directors shall administer the Plan. Any reference to the Board of Directors in the Plan or an Award Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Committee (if any) to whom the Board
of Directors has assigned a particular function. 

(b) Authority of the Board of Directors. Subject to the provisions of the Plan,
the Board of Directors shall have full authority and discretion to take any actions it deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, with respect to the terms and conditions of
Awards granted to Participants outside the United States, the Board of Directors may vary from the provisions of the Plan to the extent it determines it necessary and appropriate to do so; provided that it may not vary from those Plan terms
requiring stockholder approval pursuant to Section 11(d) below. All decisions, interpretations and other actions of the Board of Directors shall be final and binding on all Participants and all persons deriving their rights from a Participant.

SECTION 3. ELIGIBILITY. 

(a) General Rule. Employees, Outside Directors and Consultants shall be eligible for the grant of Awards under the Plan.1 However, only Employees shall be eligible for the grant of ISOs. 

(b) Ten-Percent Stockholders. A person who owns more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company, its Parent or any of its Subsidiaries shall not be eligible for the
grant of an ISO unless (i) the Exercise Price is at least 110% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Date of Grant and (ii) such ISO by its terms is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the Date of Grant. For
purposes of this Subsection (b), in determining stock ownership, the attribution rules of Code Section 424(d) shall be applied. 

1 

Note that special considerations apply if the Company proposes to grant awards to an Employee or Consultant of
a Parent company. 

SECTION 4. STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN. 

(a) Basic Limitation. Not more than 20,596,615 Shares may be issued under the Plan, subject to Subsection (b) below and
Section 9(a).2 All of these Shares may be issued upon the exercise of ISOs. The Company, during the term of the Plan, shall at all times reserve and keep available sufficient Shares to
satisfy the requirements of the Plan. Shares offered under the Plan may be authorized but unissued Shares or treasury Shares. 

(b)
Additional Shares. In the event that Shares previously issued under the Plan are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to failure to vest, such Shares shall be added to the number of Shares then available for issuance under the Plan. In
the event that Shares that otherwise would have been issuable under the Plan are withheld by the Company in payment of the Purchase Price, Exercise Price or withholding taxes, such Shares shall remain available for issuance under the Plan. In the
event that an outstanding Option, Restricted Stock Unit or other right for any reason expires or is canceled, the Shares allocable to the unexercised or unsettled portion of such Option, Restricted Stock Unit or other right shall remain available
for issuance under the Plan. To the extent an Award is settled in cash, the cash settlement shall not reduce the number of Shares remaining available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of ISOs, this
Subsection (b) shall be subject to any limitations imposed under Section 422 of the Code and the treasury regulations thereunder. 

SECTION 5. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF AWARDS OR SALES OF SHARES. 

(a) Stock Grant or Purchase Agreement. Each award of Shares under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Stock Grant Agreement between the
Grantee and the Company. Each sale of Shares under the Plan (other than upon exercise of an Option) shall be evidenced by a Stock Purchase Agreement between the Purchaser and the Company. Such award or sale shall be subject to all applicable terms
and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions which are not inconsistent with the Plan and which the Board of Directors deems appropriate for inclusion in a Stock Grant Agreement or Stock Purchase Agreement. The
provisions of the various Stock Grant Agreements and Stock Purchase Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 

(b)
Duration of Offers and Nontransferability of Rights. Any right to purchase Shares under the Plan (other than an Option) shall automatically expire if not exercised by the Purchaser within 30 days (or such other period as may be
specified in the Award Agreement)after the grant of such right was communicated to the Purchaser by the Company. Such right is not transferable and may be exercised only by the Purchaser to whom such right was granted. 

2 

Please refer to Exhibit A for a schedule of the initial share reserve and any subsequent increases in the
reserve. 

2 

(c) Purchase Price. The Board of Directors shall determine the Purchase Price of
Shares to be offered under the Plan at its sole discretion. The Purchase Price shall be payable in a form described in Section 7. 

SECTION 6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS. 

(a) Stock Option Agreement. Each grant of an Option under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Stock Option Agreement between the Optionee
and the Company. The Option shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Board of Directors deems appropriate for
inclusion in a Stock Option Agreement. The provisions of the various Stock Option Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 

(b) Number of Shares. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the number of Shares that are subject to the Option and shall provide
for the adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 9. The Stock Option Agreement shall also specify whether the Option is an ISO or an NSO. 

(c) Exercise Price. 

(i) General. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the Exercise Price, which shall be payable in a form described in
Section 8. Subject to the remaining provisions of this Subsection (c), the Exercise Price shall be determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 

(ii) ISOs. The Exercise Price of an ISO shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Date of
Grant, and a higher percentage may be required by Section 3(b). This Subsection (c)(ii) shall not apply to an ISO granted pursuant to an assumption of, or substitution for, another incentive stock option in a manner that complies with Code
Section 424(a). 

(iii) NSOs. Except as specifically set forth in this Subsection (c)(iii), the Exercise
Price of an NSO shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Date of Grant. This Subsection (c)(iii) shall not apply to an NSO granted to a person who is not a U.S. taxpayer on the Date of Grant or to an NSO that is
intended either to be exempt from Code Section 409A as a short-term deferral or to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A. In addition, this Subsection (c)(iii) shall not
apply to an NSO granted pursuant to an assumption of, or substitution for, another stock option in a manner that complies with Code Section 409A. 

(d) Vesting and Exercisability. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the Option is to
become vested and exercisable. No Option shall be exercisable unless the Optionee (i) has delivered an executed copy of the Stock Option Agreement to the Company or (ii) otherwise agrees to be bound by the terms of the Stock Option
Agreement. The Board of Directors shall determine the vesting and exercisability provisions of the Stock Option Agreement, at its sole discretion. 

3 

(e) Basic Term. The Stock Option Agreement shall specify the term of the Option. The
term shall not exceed 10 years from the Date of Grant, and in the case of an ISO, a shorter term may be required by Section 3(b). Subject to the preceding sentence, the Board of Directors at its sole discretion shall determine when an Option is
to expire. 

(f) Termination of Service (Except by Death). If an Optionees Service terminates for any reason other than the
Optionees death, then the Optionees Options shall expire on the earliest of the following dates: 

(i) The
expiration date determined pursuant to Subsection (e) above; 

(ii) The date three months after the termination of the
Optionees Service for any reason other than Disability, or such earlier or later date as the Board of Directors may determine (but in no event earlier than 30 days after the termination of the Optionees Service); or 

(iii) The date six months after the termination of the Optionees Service by reason of Disability, or such later date as
the Board of Directors may determine. 

The Optionee may exercise all or part of the Optionees Options at any time before the expiration of such
Options under the preceding sentence, but only to the extent that such Options had become exercisable before the Optionees Service terminated (or became exercisable as a result of the termination) and the underlying Shares had vested before
the Optionees Service terminated (or vested as a result of the termination). In the event that the Optionee dies after the termination of the Optionees Service but before the expiration of the Optionees Options, all or part of such
Options may be exercised (prior to expiration) by the executors or administrators of the Optionees estate or by any person who has acquired such Options directly from the Optionee by beneficiary designation, bequest or inheritance, but only to
the extent that such Options had become exercisable before the Optionees Service terminated (or became exercisable as a result of the termination) and the underlying Shares had vested before the Optionees Service terminated (or vested as
a result of the termination). In no event will an Option, or the Shares underlying an Option, become vested and/or exercisable after termination of the Optionees Service unless the Board of Directors takes affirmative action or unless
expressly provided in a written agreement between the Company and the Optionee. 

(g) Leaves of Absence. For purposes of
Subsection (f) above, Service shall be deemed to continue while the Optionee is on a bona fide leave of absence, if such leave was approved by the Company in writing and if continued crediting of Service for this purpose is expressly required
by the terms of such leave or by applicable law (as determined by the Company). 

(h) Death of Optionee. If an Optionee dies
while the Optionee is in Service, then the Optionees Options shall expire on the earlier of the following dates: 

(i)
The expiration date determined pursuant to Subsection (e) above; or 

4 

(ii) The date 12 months after the Optionees death, or such earlier or
later date as the Board of Directors may determine (but in no event earlier than six months after the Optionees death). 

All or part of the
Optionees Options may be exercised at any time before the expiration of such Options under the preceding sentence by the executors or administrators of the Optionees estate or by any person who has acquired such Options directly from the
Optionee by beneficiary designation, bequest or inheritance, but only to the extent that such Options had become exercisable before the Optionees death (or became exercisable as a result of the death) and the underlying Shares had vested
before the Optionees death (or vested as a result of the Optionees death). In no event will an Option, or the Shares underlying an Option, become vested and/or exercisable after termination of the Optionees Service unless the Board
of Directors takes affirmative action or unless expressly provided in a written agreement between the Company and the Optionee. 

(a)
Restrictions on Transfer of Options. An Option shall be transferable by the Optionee only by (i) a beneficiary designation, (ii) a will or (iii) the laws of descent and distribution, except as provided in the next sentence. If the
Board of Directors so provides, in a Stock Option Agreement or otherwise, an NSO may be transferable to the extent permitted by Rule 701 under the Securities Act. An ISO may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee or by
the Optionees guardian or legal representative. 

(b) No Rights as a Stockholder. An Optionee, or a transferee of an Optionee,
shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares covered by the Optionees Option until such person submits a notice of exercise, pays the Exercise Price and satisfies all applicable withholding taxes pursuant to the terms of
such Option. 

(c) Modification, Extension and Assumption of Options. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Board of Directors may
modify, reprice, extend or assume outstanding Options or may accept the cancellation of outstanding Options (whether granted by the Company or another issuer) in return for the grant of new Options or a different type of award for the same or a
different number of Shares and at the same or a different Exercise Price (if applicable). The foregoing notwithstanding, no modification of an Option shall, without the consent of the Optionee, impair the Optionees rights or increase the
Optionees obligations under such Option; provided, however, that a modification of an Option that is otherwise favorable to the Optionee (for example, providing the Optionee with additional time to exercise the Option after termination of
employment or providing for additional forms of payment) but causes the Option to lose its tax-favored status (for example, as an ISO) shall not require the consent of the Optionee. 

(d) Companys Right to Cancel Certain Options. Any other provision of the Plan or a Stock Option Agreement notwithstanding, the
Company shall have the right at any time to cancel an Option that was not granted in compliance with Rule 701 under the Securities Act. Prior to canceling such Option, the Company shall give the Optionee not less than 30 days notice in
writing. If the Company elects to cancel such Option, it shall deliver to the Optionee consideration with an aggregate value equal to the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to such Option as of the time of the
cancellation over (ii) the Exercise Price of such Option. The consideration may be delivered in the form of cash or cash equivalents, in the form of Shares, or a combination of both. If the consideration would be a negative amount, such Option
may be cancelled without the delivery of any consideration. 

5 

SECTION 7. PAYMENT FOR SHARES. 

(a) General Rule. The entire Purchase Price or Exercise Price of Shares issued under the Plan shall be payable in cash or cash
equivalents at the time when such Shares are purchased, except as otherwise provided in this Section 7. In addition, the Board of Directors in its sole discretion may also permit payment through any of the methods described in (b) through
(g) below: 

(b) Services Rendered. Shares may be awarded under the Plan in consideration of services rendered to the Company, a
Parent or a Subsidiary prior to the Award. 

(c) Promissory Note. All or a portion of the Purchase Price or Exercise Price (as the
case may be) of Shares issued under the Plan may be paid with a full-recourse promissory note. The Shares shall be pledged as security for payment of the principal amount of the promissory note and interest
thereon. The interest rate payable under the terms of the promissory note shall not be less than the minimum rate (if any) required to avoid the imputation of additional interest under the Code. Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors (at
its sole discretion) shall specify the term, interest rate, amortization requirements (if any) and other provisions of such note. 

(d)
Surrender of Stock. All or any part of the Exercise Price may be paid by surrendering, or attesting to the ownership of, Shares that are already owned by the Optionee. Such Shares shall be surrendered to the Company in good form for transfer and
shall be valued at their Fair Market Value as of the date when the Option is exercised. 

(e) Exercise/Sale. If the Stock is publicly
traded, all or part of the Exercise Price and any withholding taxes may be paid by the delivery (on a form prescribed by the Company) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker approved by the Company to sell Shares and to deliver all or
part of the sales proceeds to the Company. 

(f) Net Exercise. An Option may permit exercise through a net exercise
arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Shares issued upon exercise by the largest whole number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value (determined by the Board of Directors as of the exercise date) that does not
exceed the aggregate Exercise Price or the sum of the aggregate Exercise Price plus all or a portion of the minimum amount required to be withheld under applicable tax law (with the Company accepting from the Optionee payment of cash or cash
equivalents to satisfy any remaining balance of the aggregate Exercise Price and, if applicable, any additional withholding obligation not satisfied through such reduction in Shares); provided that to the extent Shares subject to an Option
are withheld in this manner, the number of Shares subject to the Option following the net exercise will be reduced by the sum of the number of Shares withheld and the number of Shares delivered to the Optionee as a result of the exercise. 

6 

(g) Other Forms of Payment. To the extent that an Award Agreement so provides, the
Purchase Price or Exercise Price of Shares issued under the Plan may be paid in any other form permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended. 

SECTION 8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

(a) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Each grant of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock
Unit Award Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Such Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the
Plan and which the Board of Directors deems appropriate for inclusion in a Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. The provisions of the various Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 

(b) Payment for Restricted Stock Units. No cash consideration shall be required of the Participant in connection with the grant of
Restricted Stock Units. 

(c) Vesting Conditions. Restricted Stock Units may or may not be subject to vesting, as determined in the
discretion of the Board of Directors. Vesting may occur, in full or in installments, upon the satisfaction of the vesting conditions specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, which may include continued employment or other Service,
achievement of performance goals and/or such other criteria as the Board of Directors may determine. A Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting upon specified events. 

(d) Forfeiture. Unless a Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement provides otherwise, upon termination of the Participants Service
and upon such other times specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, any unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited to the Company. 

(e) Voting and Dividend Rights. The holders of Restricted Stock Units shall have no voting rights. Prior to settlement or forfeiture,
any Restricted Stock Unit granted under the Plan may, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, carry with it a right to dividend equivalents. Such right entitles the holder to be credited with an amount equal to all cash dividends paid on one
Share while the Restricted Stock Unit is outstanding. Dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Restricted Stock Units. Settlement of dividend equivalents may be made in the form of cash, in the form of Shares, or in a combination of
both. Prior to distribution, any dividend equivalents that are not paid shall be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach. 

(f) Form and Time of Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units may be made in the form of
(i) cash, (ii) Shares or (iii) any combination of both, as determined by the Board of Directors. The actual number of Restricted Stock Units eligible for settlement may be larger or smaller than the number included in the original Award,
based on predetermined performance factors. Vested Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in such manner and at such time(s) as specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Until Restricted Stock Units are settled, the number of Shares
represented by such Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 9. 

7 

(g) Death of Recipient. Any Restricted Stock Units that become distributable after
the Participants death shall be distributed to the Participants estate or to any person who has acquired such Restricted Stock Units directly from the recipient by beneficiary designation, bequest or inheritance. 

(h) Creditors Rights. A holder of Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor
of the Company. Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 

(i) Modification, Extension and Assumption of Restricted Stock Units. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Board of
Directors may modify, extend or assume outstanding restricted stock units (whether granted by the Company or a different issuer). The foregoing notwithstanding, no modification of a Restricted Stock Unit shall, without the consent of the
Participant, impair the Participants rights or increase the Participants obligations under such Restricted Stock Unit. 

(j)
Restrictions on Transfer of Restricted Stock Units. A Restricted Stock Unit shall be transferable by the Participant only by (i) a beneficiary designation, (ii) a will or (iii) the laws of descent and distribution, except as
provided in the next sentence. In addition, if the Board of Directors so provides, in a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or otherwise, a Restricted Stock Unit shall also be transferable to the extent permitted by Rule 701 under the Securities Act.

SECTION 9. ADJUSTMENT OF SHARES. 

(a) General. In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Stock, a declaration of a dividend payable in Shares, a combination or
consolidation of the outstanding Stock into a lesser number of Shares, a reclassification, or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, proportionate adjustments
shall automatically be made, as applicable, in each of (i) the number and kind of Shares available under Section 4, (ii) the number and kind of Shares covered by each outstanding Option, Award of Restricted Stock Units and any outstanding
and unexercised right to purchase Shares that has not yet expired pursuant to Section 5(b), (iii) the Exercise Price under each outstanding Option and the Purchase Price applicable to any unexercised stock purchase right described in
clause (ii) above, and (iv) any repurchase price that applies to Shares granted under the Plan pursuant to the terms of a Company repurchase right under the applicable Award Agreement. In the event of a declaration of an extraordinary
dividend payable in a form other than Shares in an amount that has a material effect on the Fair Market Value of the Stock, a recapitalization, a spin-off, or a similar occurrence, the Board of Directors at
its sole discretion may make appropriate adjustments in one or more of the items listed in clauses (i) through (iv) above; provided, however, that the Board of Directors shall in any event make such adjustments as may be required by
Section 25102(o) of the California Corporations Code to the extent the Company is relying on the exemption afforded thereunder with respect to an Award. No fractional Shares shall be issued under the Plan as a result of an adjustment under this
Section 9(a), although the Board of Directors in its sole discretion may make a cash payment in lieu of fractional Shares. 

8 

(b) Corporate Transactions. In the event that the Company is a party to a merger or
consolidation, or in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of the Companys stock or assets, all Shares acquired under the Plan and all Awards outstanding on the effective date of the transaction shall be treated in the manner
described in the definitive transaction agreement (or, in the event the transaction does not entail a definitive agreement to which the Company is party, in the manner determined by the Board of Directors in its capacity as administrator of the
Plan, with such determination having final and binding effect on all parties), which agreement or determination need not treat all Awards (or all portions of an Award) in an identical manner. The treatment specified in the transaction agreement or
as determined by the Board of Directors may include (without limitation) one or more of the following with respect to each outstanding Award: 

(i) The Company, the surviving corporation or a parent thereof may continue or assume the Award or substitute a comparable
award for the Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the holders of Shares in the transaction). For avoidance of doubt, a comparable award need not be the same type of award as the Award for which it
is substituted, and, in the case of an Option, need not have the same tax-status (e.g., an NSO may be substituted for an ISO). 

(ii) The cancellation of the Award and a payment to the Participant with respect to each Share subject to the portion of the
Award that is vested as of the transaction date equal to the excess of (A) the value, as determined by the Board of Directors in its absolute discretion, of the property (including cash) received by the holder of a share of Stock as a result of
the transaction, over (if applicable) (B) the per-Share Exercise Price of the Award (such excess, the Spread). Such payment shall be made in the form of cash, cash equivalents, or
securities of the surviving corporation or its parent having a value equal to the Spread. In addition, any escrow, indemnification, holdback, earn-out or similar provisions in the transaction agreement may
apply to such payment to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply to the holders of Stock. Receipt of the payment described in this Subsection (b)(ii) may be conditioned upon the Participant acknowledging such escrow,
indemnification, holdback, earnout or other provisions on a form prescribed by the Company. If the Spread applicable to an Award is zero or a negative number, then the Award may be cancelled without making a payment to the Participant. 

(iii) Even if the Spread applicable to an Option is a positive number, the Option may be cancelled without the payment of any
consideration; provided that the Optionee shall be notified of such treatment and given an opportunity to exercise the Option (to the extent the Option is vested or becomes vested as of the effective date of the transaction) during a period of not
less than five (5) business days preceding the effective date of the transaction, unless (A) a shorter period is required to permit a timely closing of the transaction and (B) such shorter period still offers the Optionee a reasonable
opportunity to exercise the Option. 

9 

(iv) In the case of an Option: (A) suspension of the Optionees
right to exercise the Option during a limited period of time preceding the closing of the transaction if such suspension is administratively necessary to facilitate the closing of the transaction and/or (B) termination of any right the Optionee
has to exercise the Option prior to vesting in the Shares subject to the Option (i.e., early exercise), such that following the closing of the transaction the Option may only be exercised to the extent it is vested. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Board of Directors has discretion to accelerate, in whole or part, the vesting and exercisability of an Award in connection
with a corporate transaction covered by this Section 9(b). 

(c) Dissolution or Liquidation. To the extent not previously
exercised or settled, all Awards shall terminate immediately prior to the liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

(d) Reservation of
Rights. Except as provided in Section 8(e) or this Section 9, a Participant shall have no rights by reason of (i) any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, (ii) the payment of any dividend or
(iii) any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class. Any issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall not affect, and no adjustment by
reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or Exercise Price of Shares subject to an Award. The grant of an Award pursuant to the Plan shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make adjustments,
reclassifications, reorganizations or changes of its capital or business structure, to merge or consolidate or to dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 

SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 

(a) Securities Law Requirements. Shares shall not be issued under the Plan unless, in the opinion of counsel acceptable to the Board of
Directors, the issuance and delivery of such Shares complies with (or is exempt from) all applicable requirements of law, including (without limitation) the Securities Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws and
regulations, and the regulations of any stock exchange or other securities market on which the Companys securities may then be traded. The Company shall not be liable for a failure to issue Shares as a result of such requirements. Without
limiting the foregoing, the Company may suspend the exercise of some or all outstanding Options for a period of up to 60 days in order to facilitate compliance with Securities Act Rule 701(e). 

(b) No Retention Rights. Nothing in the Plan or in any right or Award granted under the Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right
to continue in Service for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining the Participant) or of the Participant, which rights are
hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate his or her Service at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. 

(c) Treatment
as Compensation. Any compensation that an individual earns or is deemed to earn under this Plan shall not be considered a part of his or her compensation for purposes of calculating contributions, accruals or benefits under any other plan or
program that is maintained or funded by the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary. 

10 

(d) Governing Law. The Plan and all awards, sales, and grants under the Plan shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware (except its choice of law provisions), as such laws are applied to contracts entered into and performed in such State. 

(e) Conditions and Restrictions on Shares. Shares issued under the Plan shall be subject to such forfeiture conditions, rights of
repurchase, rights of first refusal, other transfer restrictions and such other terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may determine. Such conditions and restrictions shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement and shall apply in
addition to any restrictions that may apply to holders of Shares generally. In addition, Shares issued under the Plan shall be subject to conditions and restrictions imposed either by applicable law or by Company policy, as adopted from time to
time, designed to ensure compliance with applicable law or laws with which the Company determines in its sole discretion to comply including in order to maintain any statutory, regulatory or tax advantage, which (for the avoidance of doubt) need not
be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 

(f) Tax Matters. 

(i) As a condition to the award, grant, issuance, vesting, purchase, exercise, settlement or transfer of any Award, or Shares
issued pursuant to any Award, granted under this Plan, the Participant shall make such arrangements as the Board of Directors may require or permit for the satisfaction of any federal, state, local or foreign withholding tax obligations that may
arise in connection with such event. 

(ii) Unlessotherwise expressly set forth in an Award Agreement, it is
intended that Awards shall be exempt from Code Section 409A, and any ambiguity in the terms of an Award Agreement and the Plan shall be interpreted consistently with this intent. To the extent an Award is not exempt from Code Section 409A
(any such award, a 409A Award), any ambiguity in the terms of such Award and the Plan shall be interpreted in a manner that to the maximum extent permissible supports the Awards compliance with the requirements of that
statute. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary permitted under the Plan, in no event shall a modification of an Award not already subject to Code Section 409A, or any subsequent action taken with respect to such Award, be given effect if
such modification or action would cause the Award to become subject to Code Section 409A unless the parties explicitly acknowledge and consent to the modification or action as one having that effect. A 409A Award shall be subject to such
additional rules and requirements as specified by the Board of Directors from time to time in order for it to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A. In this regard, if any amount under a 409A Award is payable upon a separation
from service to an individual who is considered a specified employee (as each term is defined under Code Section 409A), then no such payment shall be made prior to the date that is the earlier of (i) six months and one
day after the Participants separation from service or (ii) the Participants death, but only to the extent such delay is necessary to prevent such payment from being subject to Section 409A(a)(1). In addition, if a transaction
subject to Section 9(b) constitutes a payment event with respect to any 409A Award, then the transaction with respect to such Award must also constitute a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) to the extent required by Code Section 409A. 

11 

(iii) Neither the Company nor any member of the Board of Directors shall
have any liability to a Participant in the event an Award held by the Participant fails to achieve its intended characterization under applicable tax law. 

SECTION 11. DURATION AND AMENDMENTS; STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. 

(a) Term of the Plan. The Plan, as set forth herein, shall become effective on the date of its adoption by the Board of Directors,
subject to approval of the Companys stockholders under Subsection (d) below. The Plan shall terminate automatically 10 years after the later of (i) the date when the Board of Directors adopted the Plan or (ii) the date when the
Board of Directors approved the most recent increase in the number of Shares reserved under Section 4 that was also approved by the Companys stockholders. The Plan may be terminated on any earlier date pursuant to Subsection (b)
below. 

(b) Right to Amend or Terminate the Plan. Subject to Subsection (d) below, the Board of Directors may amend, suspend or
terminate the Plan at any time and for any reason. 

(c) Effect of Amendment or Termination. No Shares shall be issued or sold and no
Award granted under the Plan after the termination thereof, except upon exercise or settlement of an Award granted under the Plan prior to such termination. Except as expressly provided in Section 6(k) above, the termination of the Plan, or any
amendment thereof, shall not affect any Share previously issued or any Award previously granted under the Plan. 

(d) Stockholder
Approval. To the extent required by applicable law, the Plan will be subject to approval of the Companys stockholders within 12 months of its adoption date. To the extent required by applicable law, any amendment of the Plan will be
subject to the approval of the Companys stockholders within 12 months of the amendment date if it (i) increases the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan (except as provided in Section 9), or (ii) materially
changes the class of persons who are eligible for the grant of ISOs. In addition, an amendment effecting any other material change to the Plan terms will be subject to approval of the Companys stockholder only if required by applicable law.
Stockholder approval shall not be required for any other amendment of the Plan. 

SECTION 12. DEFINITIONS. 

(a) Award means any award granted under the Plan, including an Option, Restricted Stock Unit, or the grant or sale of Shares
pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan. 

(b) Award Agreement means a Stock Grant Agreement, Stock Option Agreement,
Stock Purchase Agreement or Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement or such other agreement evidencing an Award under the Plan. 

(c)
Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. 

(d)
Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

12 

(e) Committee means a committee of the Board of Directors, as described
in Section 2(a). 

(f) Company means Blaize, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

(g) Consultant means a person, excluding Employees and Outside Directors, who performs bona fide services for the Company, a
Parent3 or a Subsidiary as a consultant or advisorand who qualifies as a consultant or advisor under Rule 701(c)(1) of the Securities Act or under Instruction A.1.(a)(1) of Form S-8 under the Securities Act. 

(h) Date of Grant means the date of grant specified in
the applicable Award Agreement, which date shall be the later of (i) the date on which the Board of Directors resolved to grant the Award or (ii) the first day of the Participants Service. 

(i) Disability means that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically
determinable physical or mental impairment. 

(j) Employee means any individual who is a
common-law employee of the Company, a Parent4 or a Subsidiary. 

(k) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(l) Exercise Price means the amount for which one Share may be purchased upon exercise of an Option, as specified by the
Board of Directors in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. 

(m) Fair Market Value means the fair market value of a
Share, as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. Such determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. 

(n)
Grantee means a person to whom the Board of Directors has awarded Shares under the Plan. 

(o) ISO
means an Option that qualifies as an incentive stock option as described in Code Section 422(b). Notwithstanding its designation as an ISO, an Option that does not qualify as an ISO under applicable law shall be treated for all purposes as an
NSO. 

(p) NSO means an Option that does not qualify as an incentive stock option as described in Code
Section 422(b) or 423(b). 

3 

Note that special considerations apply if the Company proposes to grant awards to consultant or advisor of a
Parent company. 

4 

Note that special considerations apply if the Company proposes to grant awards to an Employee of a Parent
company. 

13 

(q) Option means an ISO or NSO granted under the Plan and entitling the
holder to purchase Shares. 

(r) Optionee means a person who holds an Option. 

(s) Outside Director means a member of the Board of Directors who is not an Employee. 

(t) Parent means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company, if
each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Parent on a date
after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Parent commencing as of such date. 

(u) Participant means the
holder of an outstanding Award. 

(v) Plan means this Blaize, Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Plan. 

(w) Purchase Price means the consideration for which one Share may be acquired under the Plan (other than upon exercise of
an Option), as specified by the Board of Directors. 

(x) Purchaser means a person to whom the Board of Directors has
offered the right to purchase Shares under the Plan (other than upon exercise of an Option). 

(y) Restricted Stock Unit
means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one Shares, as awarded under the Plan. 

(z) Restricted Stock Unit Award
Agreement means the agreement between the Company and the recipient of a Restricted Stock Unit that contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to such Restricted Stock Unit. 

(aa) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(bb) Service means service as an Employee, Outside Director or Consultant. In case of any dispute as to whether and when
Service has terminated, the Board of Directors shall have sole discretion to determine whether such termination has occurred and the effective date of such termination. 

(cc) Share means one share of Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 9 (if applicable). 

(dd) Stock means the Common Stock of the Company. 

(ee) Stock Grant Agreement means the agreement between the Company and a Grantee who is awarded Shares under the Plan that
contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to the award of such Shares. 

14 

(ff) Stock Option Agreement means the agreement between the Company and
an Optionee that contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to the Optionees Option. 

(gg) Stock Purchase
Agreement means the agreement between the Company and a Purchaser who purchases Shares under the Plan that contains the terms, conditions and restrictions pertaining to the purchase of such Shares. 

(hh) Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the
Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation
that attains the status of a Subsidiary on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Subsidiary commencing as of such date. 

15 

EXHIBIT A 

SCHEDULE OF SHARES RESERVED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER THE PLAN 

Date of Board

Approval 

Date of Stockholder

Approval 

Number of Shares

Added 

Cumulative Number

of Shares

11/14/2011 11/14/2011 Not Applicable 1,446,758

10/29/2014 10/28/2015 355,754 1,802,512

10/27/2015 10/28/2015 500,000 2,302,512

08/19/2016 08/19/2016 4,814,478 7,116,990

07/03/2018 07/03/2018 7,541,425 14,658,415

05/06/2019 12/12/2019 300,000 14,958,415

07/17/2019 12/12/2019 1,515,200 16,473,615

03/22/2021 03/22/2021 4,123,000 20,596,615

9/19/2022 9/19/2022 10,092,204 30,688,819

*10:1 reverse split*

12/12/2022 12/12/2022 25,214,437 28,283,319

10/24/2024 11/26/2024 21,116,294 49,399,613

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d903961dex105.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.5
<TEXT>
EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5 

BLAIZE HOLDINGS, INC. 

2025 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 

ARTICLE I. 

PURPOSE

The Plans purpose is to enhance the Companys ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected to
make) important contributions to the Company by providing these individuals with equity ownership opportunities and/or equity-linked compensatory opportunities. Capitalized terms used in the Plan are defined in Article XI. 

ARTICLE II. 

ELIGIBILITY

Service Providers are eligible to be granted Awards under the Plan, subject to the limitations described herein. 

ARTICLE III. 

ADMINISTRATION AND DELEGATION 

3.1 Administration. The Plan is administered by the Administrator. The Administrator has authority to determine which Service Providers
receive Awards, grant Awards and set Award terms and conditions, subject to the conditions and limitations in the Plan. The Administrator also has the authority to take all actions and make all determinations under the Plan, to interpret the Plan
and Award Agreements and to adopt, amend and repeal Plan administrative rules, guidelines and practices as it deems advisable. The Administrator may correct defects and ambiguities, supply omissions and reconcile inconsistencies in the Plan or any
Award Agreement as it deems necessary or appropriate to administer the Plan and any Awards. The Administrators determinations under the Plan are in its sole discretion and will be final and binding on all persons having or claiming any
interest in the Plan or any Award. 

3.2 Appointment of Committees. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Board or the
Administrator may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or more Committees or committees of officers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; provided, that in no event shall any officer of the Company be delegated the authority
to grant Awards to, or amend Awards held by, individuals who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act or officers of the Company (or non-employee Directors) to whom the authority to grant or amend
Awards has been delegated hereunder. The Board or the Administrator, as applicable, may rescind any such delegation, abolish any such Committee or committee and/or re-vest in itself any previously delegated
authority at any time. 

ARTICLE IV. 

STOCK AVAILABLE FOR AWARDS 

4.1 Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment under Article VIII and further subject to the terms of this Article IV, the maximum number
of Shares that may be issued pursuant to Awards under the Plan shall be equal to the Overall Share Limit. Shares issued under the Plan may consist of authorized but unissued Shares, Shares purchased on the open market or treasury Shares. 

4.2 Share Recycling. If all or any part of an Award expires, lapses or is terminated,
exchanged for or settled in cash, surrendered, repurchased, canceled without having been fully exercised/settled or forfeited, in any case, in a manner that results in the Company acquiring Shares covered by the Award at a price not greater than the
price (as adjusted to reflect any Equity Restructuring) paid by the Participant for such Shares or not issuing any Shares covered by the Award, the unused Shares covered by the Award will, as applicable, become or again be available for Award grants
under the Plan. In addition, Shares delivered (either by actual delivery or attestation) to the Company by a Participant to satisfy the applicable exercise or purchase price of an Award and/or to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligation
with respect to an Award (including Shares retained by the Company from the Award being exercised or purchased and/or creating the tax obligation) will, as applicable, become or again be available for Award grants under the Plan. The payment of
Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding Awards shall not count against the Overall Share Limit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Shares purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the
exercise of Options shall not be added to the Shares authorized for grant under Section 4.1 and shall not be available for future grants of Awards. 

4.3 Incentive Stock Option Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no more than 45,715,035 Shares may be issued
pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options. 

4.4 Substitute Awards. In connection with an entitys merger or
consolidation with the Company or any Subsidiary or the Companys or any Subsidiarys acquisition of an entitys property or equity securities, the Administrator may grant Awards in substitution for any options or other equity or
equity-based awards granted before such merger or consolidation by such entity or its affiliate. Substitute Awards may be granted on such terms as the Administrator deems appropriate, notwithstanding limitations on Awards in the Plan. Substitute
Awards will not count against the Overall Share Limit (nor shall Shares subject to a Substitute Award be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided above), except that Shares acquired by exercise of substitute Incentive
Stock Options will count against the maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan. Additionally, in the event that a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which
the Company or any Subsidiary combines has equity securities available under a pre-existing plan approved by equityholders and not adopted in contemplation of such acquisition or combination, the equity
securities available for grant pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation ratio or formula used in such
acquisition or combination to determine the consideration payable to the equityholders of the entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the
Plan (and Shares subject to such Awards shall not be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided above); provided that Awards using such available Shares shall not be made after the date awards or grants could have been made
under the terms of the pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition or combination, and shall only be made to individuals who were not Service Providers prior to such acquisition or combination. 

4.5 Non-Employee Director Compensation. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the
Plan, the Administrator may establish compensation for non-employee Directors from time to time, subject to the limitations in the Plan. The Administrator will from time to time determine the terms, conditions
and amounts of all such non-employee Director compensation in its discretion and pursuant to the exercise of its business judgment, taking into account such factors, circumstances and considerations as it
shall deem relevant from time to time; provided that, the sum of any cash compensation, or other compensation, and the value (determined as of the grant date in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 718, or any successor thereto) of Awards granted to a non-employee Director as compensation for services as a non-employee Director during any fiscal year of the
Company may not exceed $750,000 (or, with respect to the first fiscal year of the Company during which a non-employee Director first serves as a non-employee Director,
$1,000,000) (in either case, the Non-Employee Director Limit). 

2 

ARTICLE V. 

STOCK OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

5.1 General. The Administrator may grant Options or Stock Appreciation Rights to Service Providers subject to the limitations in the
Plan, including any limitations in the Plan that apply to Incentive Stock Options. The Administrator will determine the number of Shares covered by each Option and Stock Appreciation Right, and the conditions and limitations applicable to the
exercise of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right. A Stock Appreciation Right will entitle the Participant (or other person entitled to exercise the Stock Appreciation Right) to receive from the Company upon exercise of the exercisable portion of
the Stock Appreciation Right an amount determined by multiplying the excess, if any, of the fair market value of one Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price per Share of the Stock Appreciation Right by the number of Shares with respect
to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, subject to any limitations of the Plan or that the Administrator may impose, and which amount shall be payable in cash, Shares valued at fair market value or a combination of the two as the
Administrator may determine or provide in the applicable Award Agreement. 

5.2 Exercise Price. The Administrator will establish
each Options and Stock Appreciation Rights exercise price and specify the exercise price in the Award Agreement. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the exercise price will not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on
the grant date of the Option (subject to Section 5.6) or Stock Appreciation Right. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right that is a Substitute Award, the exercise price per share of the Shares
subject to such Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, may be less than the Fair Market Value per share on the date of grant; provided that the exercise price of any Substitute Award shall be determined in accordance with the
applicable requirements of Sections 424 and 409A of the Code. 

5.3 Duration. Each Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be
exercisable at such times and as specified in the Award Agreement, provided that, subject to Section 5.6, the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right will not exceed ten years. Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless determined otherwise
by the Company, in the event that on the last business day of the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (other than an Incentive Stock Option) (a) the exercise of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right is prohibited by Applicable Law,
as determined by the Company, or (b) Shares may not be purchased or sold by the applicable Participant due to any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods) or a lock-up
agreement undertaken in connection with an issuance of securities by the Company, the term of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be automatically extended until the date that is 30 days after the end of the legal prohibition, black-out period or lock-up agreement, as determined by the Company; provided, however, in no event shall the extension last beyond the ten year term (or any shorter maximum,
if applicable) of the applicable Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 

5.4 Exercise. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be
exercised by delivering to the Company (or its Agent) a written notice of exercise, in a form approved by the Administrator (which may be electronic and provided through the online platform maintained by an Agent), signed or submitted by the person
authorized to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, together with, as applicable, payment in full of the required amount(s), in each case, as applicable, (a) as specified in Section 5.5 for the number of Shares for which the
Award is exercised and (b) as specified in Section 9.5 for any applicable taxes. Unless the Administrator otherwise determines, an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 

3 

5.5 Payment Upon Exercise. Subject to Section 10.8, any Company insider trading
policy (including blackout periods) and Applicable Laws, the exercise price of an Option must be paid by online payment through the Agents electronic platform or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Agent (or, in each case,
if the Company has no Agent accepting payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company) or, solely with the consent of the Administrator (in its discretion), by: 

(a) cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or check payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Administrator may limit
the use of one of the foregoing payment forms if one or more of the payment forms below is permitted; 

(b) if there is a public market for
Shares at the time of exercise, unless the Administrator otherwise determines, (i) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Administrator) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker
acceptable to the Administrator to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price, or (ii) the Participants delivery to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable
to the Administrator to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator; 

(c) delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of Shares owned by the Participant valued at their fair market value on the delivery
date; 

(d) surrendering Shares then issuable upon the Options exercise valued at their fair market value on the exercise date; 

(e) other than for Participants subject to Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries, delivery of
a promissory note, in a form determined by or acceptable to the Administrator, or any other property that the Administrator determines is good and valuable consideration; or 

(f) any combination of the above payment forms. 

5.6 Additional Terms of Incentive Stock Options. The Administrator may grant Incentive Stock Options only to employees of the Company,
any of its present or future parent or subsidiary corporations, as defined in Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Code, respectively, and any other entities the employees of which are eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options under the Code. If an
Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Greater Than 10% Stockholder, the exercise price will not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value on the Options grant date, and the term of the Option will not exceed five years. All Incentive Stock
Options will be subject to and construed consistently with Section 422 of the Code. By accepting an Incentive Stock Option, the Participant agrees to give prompt notice to the Company of dispositions or other transfers (other than in connection
with a Change in Control) of Shares acquired under the Option made within (a) two years from the grant date of the Option or (b) one year after the transfer of such Shares to the Participant, specifying the date of the disposition or other
transfer and the amount the Participant realized, in cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, in such disposition or other transfer. Neither the Company nor the Administrator will be liable to a Participant, or any
other party, if an Incentive Stock Option fails or ceases to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. Any Incentive Stock Option or portion thereof that fails to qualify as an incentive stock
option under Section 422 of the Code for any reason, including by becoming exercisable with respect to Shares having a fair market value exceeding the $100,000 limitation under Treasury Regulation
Section 1.422-4, will be a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

5.7 No Dividends or Dividend Equivalents. No dividends or Dividend Equivalents shall be payable with respect to Options or Stock
Appreciation Rights. 

4 

ARTICLE VI. 

RESTRICTED STOCK; RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

6.1 General. The Administrator may grant Restricted Stock, or the right to purchase Restricted Stock, to any Service Provider, subject
to the Companys right to repurchase all or part of such Shares at their issue price or other stated or formula price from the Participant (or to require forfeiture of such Shares) if conditions the Administrator specifies in the Award
Agreement are not satisfied before the end of the applicable restriction period or periods that the Administrator establishes for such Award. In addition, the Administrator may grant Restricted Stock Units to any Service Provider, which may be
subject to vesting and forfeiture conditions during the applicable restriction period or periods that the Administrator establishes for such Award, as set forth in an Award Agreement. The Administrator will determine and set forth in the Award
Agreement the terms and conditions for each Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Award, subject to the conditions and limitations contained in the Plan. 

6.2 Restricted Stock. 

(a) Dividends. Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock will be entitled to all ordinary cash dividends paid with respect to such
Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise in the Award Agreement. In addition, unless the Administrator provides otherwise, if any dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, or consist of a dividend or distribution to holders of Common
Stock of property other than an ordinary cash dividend, the Shares or other property will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any award of Restricted Stock, dividends which are paid to holders of Common Stock prior to vesting shall only be paid out to the Participant holding such Restricted Stock to the
extent that the vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied. All such dividend payments will be made no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the right to the dividend payment becomes nonforfeitable. 

(b) Stock Certificates. The Company may require that the Participant deposit in escrow with the Company (or its designee) any stock
certificates issued in respect of Shares of Restricted Stock, together with a stock power endorsed in blank. 

6.3 Restricted Stock
Units.

(a) Settlement. The Administrator may provide that settlement of Restricted Stock Units will occur upon or as soon as
reasonably practicable after the Restricted Stock Units vest or will instead be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the Participants election, in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A. Restricted Stock Units may be settled in
cash or in Shares, as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 

(b) Stockholder Rights. A
Participant will have no rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to any Restricted Stock Unit unless and until the Shares are delivered in settlement of the Restricted Stock Unit. 

(c) Dividend Equivalents. For clarity, Dividend Equivalents with respect to an Award of Restricted Stock Units shall only be paid out to
the Participant to the extent that the vesting conditions applicable to the underlying Award are satisfied. All such Dividend Equivalent payments will be made no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the
right to the Dividend Equivalent payment becomes nonforfeitable in accordance with the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator or unless deferred in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A. 

5 

ARTICLE VII. 

OTHER STOCK OR CASH BASED AWARDS; DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS 

7.1 Other Stock or Cash Based Awards. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be granted to Participants, including Awards entitling
Participants to receive Shares to be delivered in the future and including annual or other periodic or long-term cash bonus awards (whether based on specified Performance Criteria or otherwise), in each case subject to any conditions and limitations
in the Plan. Such Other Stock or Cash Based Awards will also be available as a payment form in the settlement of other Awards, as standalone payments and as payment in lieu of compensation to which a Participant is otherwise entitled. Other Stock or
Cash Based Awards may be paid in Shares, cash or other property, or any combination of the foregoing, as the Administrator determines. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of each Other
Stock or Cash Based Award, including any purchase price, performance goal(s) (which may be based on the Performance Criteria), transfer restrictions, and vesting conditions, which will be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. In addition, the
Company may adopt subplans or programs under the Plan pursuant to which it makes Awards available in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

7.2 Dividend Equivalents. A grant of Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock or Cash Based Award may provide a Participant with the right
to receive Dividend Equivalents, and no dividends or Dividend Equivalents shall be payable with respect to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. Dividend Equivalents may be paid currently or credited to an account for the Participant, settled in
cash or Shares and subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Award with respect to which the Dividend Equivalents are paid and subject to other terms and conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Dividend Equivalents with respect to an Award shall only be paid out to the Participant to the extent that the vesting conditions applicable to the underlying Award are satisfied. All such Dividend
Equivalent payments will be made no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the right to the Dividend Equivalent payment becomes nonforfeitable in accordance with the foregoing, unless otherwise determined
by the Administrator. 

ARTICLE VIII. 

ADJUSTMENTS FOR CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK 

AND CERTAIN OTHER EVENTS 

8.1 Equity Restructuring. In connection with any Equity Restructuring, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article VIII,
the Administrator will equitably adjust each outstanding Award as it deems appropriate to reflect the Equity Restructuring, which may include adjusting the number and type of securities subject to each outstanding Award and/or the Awards
exercise price or grant price (if applicable), granting new Awards to Participants, and/or making a cash payment to Participants. The adjustments provided under this Section 8.1 will be nondiscretionary and final and binding on the affected
Participant and the Company; provided that the Administrator will determine whether an adjustment is equitable. 

8.2 Corporate
Transactions. In the event of any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property), reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, amalgamation, repurchase, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution, or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or sale or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, Change in Control, issuance of warrants or
other rights to purchase Common Stock or other securities of the Company, other similar corporate transaction or event, other unusual or nonrecurring transaction or event affecting the Company or its financial statements or any change in any
Applicable Laws or accounting principles, the Administrator, on such terms 

6 

and conditions as it deems appropriate, either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the
occurrence of such transaction or event (except that action to give effect to a change in Applicable Law or accounting principles may be made within a reasonable period of time after such change), is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the
following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is appropriate in order to (x) prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended by the Company to be made available under the Plan or with
respect to any Award granted or issued under the Plan, (y) facilitate such transaction or event or (z) give effect to such changes in Applicable Laws or accounting principles: 

(a) To provide for the cancellation of any such Award in exchange for either an amount of cash or other property with a value equal to the
amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participants rights under the vested portion of such Award, as applicable; provided that, if the amount that could
have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participants rights, in any case, is equal to or less than zero, then the Award may be terminated without payment; 

(b) To provide that such Award shall vest and, to the extent applicable, be exercisable as to all Shares covered thereby, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Plan or the provisions of such Award; 

(c) To provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or
survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted for by awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or equivalent value thereof in cash, with appropriate
adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and/or applicable exercise or purchase price, in all cases, as determined by the Administrator; 

(d) To make adjustments in the number and type of Shares (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards and/or with respect to
which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Article IV hereof on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued) and/or in the terms and conditions of (including the grant
or exercise price or applicable performance goals), and the criteria included in, outstanding Awards; 

(e) To replace such Award with other
rights or property selected by the Administrator; and/or 

(f) To provide that the Award will terminate and cannot vest, be exercised or
become payable after the applicable event. 

8.3 Effect of Non-Assumption in a Change in
Control. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.2, if a Change in Control occurs and a Participants Award is not continued, converted, assumed, or replaced with an award (which may include, without limitation, a cash-based award)
with substantially the same value as, and vesting terms that are no less favorable than those applicable to, the underlying award, in each case, as of immediately prior to the Change in Control by (a) the Company, or (b) a successor entity
or its parent or subsidiary (an Assumption), and provided that the Participant has not had a Termination of Service, then, immediately prior to the Change in Control, such Award shall become fully vested, exercisable and/or
payable, as applicable, and all forfeiture, repurchase and other restrictions on such Award shall lapse, in which case, such Award shall be canceled upon the consummation of the Change in Control in exchange for the right to receive the Change in
Control consideration payable to other holders of Common Stock (i) which may be on such terms and conditions as apply generally to holders of Common Stock under the Change in Control documents (including, without limitation, any escrow, earn-out or other deferred consideration provisions) or such other terms and conditions as the Administrator may provide, 

7 

and (ii) determined by reference to the number of Shares subject to such Award and net of any
applicable exercise price; provided that to the extent that any Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation that may not be paid upon the Change in Control under Section 409A (to the extent applicable to such Award) without
the imposition of taxes thereon under Section 409A, the timing of such payments shall be governed by the applicable Award Agreement (subject to any deferred consideration provisions applicable under the Change in Control documents); and
provided, further, that if the amount to which the Participant would be entitled upon the settlement or exercise of such Award at the time of the Change in Control is equal to or less than zero, then such Award may be terminated without payment. The
Administrator shall determine whether an Assumption of an Award has occurred in connection with a Change in Control. 

8.4 Administrative
Stand Still. In the event of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other extraordinary
transaction or change affecting the Shares or the share price of Common Stock, including any Equity Restructuring or any securities offering or other similar transaction, for administrative convenience, the Administrator may refuse to permit the
exercise of any Award for up to 60 days before or after such transaction. 

8.5 General. Except as expressly provided in the Plan or
the Administrators action under the Plan, no Participant will have any rights due to any subdivision or consolidation of Shares of any class, dividend payment, increase or decrease in the number of Shares of any class or dissolution,
liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the Company or other corporation. Except as expressly provided with respect to an Equity Restructuring under Section 8.1 or the Administrators action under the Plan, no issuance by the Company of
Shares of any class, or securities convertible into Shares of any class, will affect, and no adjustment will be made regarding, the number of Shares subject to an Award or the Awards grant or exercise price. The existence of the Plan, any
Award Agreements and the Awards granted hereunder will not affect or restrict in any way the Companys right or power to make or authorize (a) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Companys capital
structure or its business, (b) any merger, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation of the Company or sale of Company assets or (c) any sale or issuance of securities, including securities with rights superior to those of the Shares or
securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares. The Administrator may treat Participants and Awards (or portions thereof) differently under this Article VIII. 

ARTICLE IX. 

GENERAL
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO AWARDS 

9.1 Transferability. Except as the Administrator may determine or provide in an Award
Agreement or otherwise for Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, Awards may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except for certain beneficiary designations, by will or
the laws of descent and distribution, or, subject to the Administrators consent, pursuant to a domestic relations order, and, during the life of the Participant, Options and Stock Appreciation Rights will be exercisable only by the
Participant. Any permitted transfer of an Award hereunder shall be without consideration, except as required by Applicable Law. References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the context, will include references to a Participants
authorized transferee that the Administrator specifically approves. 

9.2 Documentation. Each Award will be evidenced in an Award
Agreement, which may be written or electronic, as the Administrator determines. The Award Agreement will contain the terms and conditions applicable to an Award. Each Award may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan.

8 

9.3 Discretion. Except as the Plan otherwise provides, each Award may be made alone
or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The terms of each Award to a Participant need not be identical, and the Administrator need not treat Participants or Awards (or portions thereof) uniformly. 

9.4 Termination of Status. The Administrator will determine how a Participants Disability, death, retirement or authorized leave
of absence or any other change or purported change in a Participants Service Provider status affects an Award (including whether and when a Termination of Service has occurred) and the extent to which, and the period during which the
Participant, the Participants legal representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary may exercise rights under the Award, if applicable. 

9.5 Withholding. Each Participant must pay the Company, or make provision satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of, any taxes
required by Applicable Law to be withheld in connection with such Participants Awards by the date of the event creating the tax liability. The Company or one of its Subsidiaries may deduct an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax obligations
based on the applicable statutory withholding rates (or such other rate as may be determined by the Administrator after considering any accounting consequences or costs) from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant. Subject to
Section 10.8 and any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods), Participants may satisfy such tax obligations through the Agents electronic platform or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Agent (or, in
each case, if the Company has no Agent accepting payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company) or, solely with the consent of the Administrator, by (a) cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or check made
payable to the order of the Company, (b) delivery of Shares (in whole or in part), including Shares delivered by attestation and Shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at their fair market value on the date of
delivery, (c) if there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligations are satisfied, unless the Administrator otherwise determines, (i) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the
Administrator) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Administrator to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to satisfy the tax obligations, or (ii) delivery by the Participant to the Company of
a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Administrator to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to satisfy the tax withholding; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such
time as may be required by the Administrator, or (d) any combination of the foregoing payment forms approved by the Administrator. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the number of Shares which may be so delivered or retained
pursuant to clause (b) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be limited to the number of Shares which have a fair market value on the date of delivery or retention no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the
maximum individual statutory tax rate in the applicable jurisdiction at the time of such withholding (or such other rate as may be required to avoid the liability classification of the applicable award under generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America), and for clarity, may be less than such maximum individual statutory tax rate if so determined by the Administrator. If any tax withholding obligation will be satisfied under clause (b) above by the
Companys retention of Shares from the Award creating the tax obligation and there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligation is satisfied, the Company may elect to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the
Company for such purpose to sell on the applicable Participants behalf some or all of the Shares retained and to remit the proceeds of the sale to the Company or its designee, and each Participants acceptance of an Award under the Plan
will constitute the Participants authorization to the Company and instruction and authorization to such brokerage firm to complete the transactions described in this sentence. 

9 

9.6 Amendment of Award; Repricing. The Administrator may amend, modify or terminate
any outstanding Award, including by substituting another Award of the same or a different type, changing the exercise or settlement date, and converting an Incentive Stock Option to a Non-Qualified Stock
Option. The Participants consent to such action will be required unless (a) the action, taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the Participants rights under the Award, or (b) the change
is permitted under Article VIII or pursuant to Section 10.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Administrator may, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, (i) reduce the exercise
price per share of outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or (ii) cancel outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with an exercise price per share that is
less than the exercise price per share of the original Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 

9.7 Conditions on Delivery of Stock.
The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Shares under the Plan or remove restrictions from Shares previously delivered under the Plan until (a) all Award conditions have been met or removed to the Companys satisfaction,
(b) as determined by the Company, all other legal matters regarding the issuance and delivery of such Shares have been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws and stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, and
(c) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any Applicable Laws. The Companys inability to obtain authority from any
regulatory body having jurisdiction, which the Administrator determines is necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any securities, will relieve the Company of any liability for failing to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite
authority has not been obtained. 

9.8 Acceleration. The Administrator may at any time provide that any Award will become immediately
vested and fully or partially exercisable, free of some or all restrictions or conditions, or otherwise fully or partially realizable. 

9.9
Cash Settlement. Without limiting the generality of any other provision of the Plan, the Administrator may provide, in an Award Agreement or subsequent to the grant of an Award, in its discretion, that any Award may be settled in cash, Shares
or a combination thereof. 

9.10 Broker-Assisted Sales. In the event of a broker-assisted sale of Shares in connection with the
payment of amounts owed by a Participant under or with respect to the Plan or Awards, including amounts to be paid under the final sentence of Section 9.5: (a) any Shares to be sold through the broker- assisted sale will be sold on the day the
payment first becomes due, or as soon thereafter as practicable; (b) such Shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan in which all participants receive an average price; (c) the applicable Participant
will be responsible for all brokers fees and other costs of sale, and by accepting an Award, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and its Subsidiaries harmless from any losses, costs, damages, or expenses relating to any
such sale; (d) to the extent the Company, its Subsidiaries or their designee receives proceeds of such sale that exceed the amount owed, the Company or its Subsidiary will pay such excess in cash to the applicable Participant as soon as
reasonably practicable; (e) the Company, its Subsidiaries and their designees are under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price; and (f) in the event the proceeds of such sale are insufficient to satisfy the
Participants applicable obligation, the Participant may be required to pay immediately upon demand to the Company, its Subsidiaries or their designee an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any remaining portion of the Participants
obligation. 

ARTICLE X. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

10.1 No
Right to Employment or Other Status. No person will have any claim or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award will not be construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries expressly reserve the right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate their respective relationships with a Participant free from any liability or claim under the Plan or any
Award, except as expressly provided in an Award Agreement or in the Plan. 

10 

10.2 No Rights as Stockholder; Certificates. Subject to the Award Agreement, no
Participant or Designated Beneficiary will have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares to be distributed under an Award until becoming the record holder of such Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the
Administrator otherwise determines or Applicable Laws require, the Company will not be required to deliver to any Participant certificates evidencing Shares issued in connection with any Award and instead such Shares may be recorded in the books of
the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). The Company may place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan that the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to comply with Applicable Laws. 

10.3 Effective Date and Term of Plan. Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the Plan will become effective on the date on which the
Closing is consummated (the Effective Date) and will remain in effect until the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date, but Awards previously granted may extend beyond that date in accordance with the Plan. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Plan, an Incentive Stock Option may not be granted under the Plan after 10 years from the earlier of (a) the date the Board adopted the Plan or (b) the date the Companys stockholders approved the Plan.
If the Plan is not approved by the Companys stockholders, the Plan will not become effective and no Awards will be granted under the Plan. 

10.4 Amendment of Plan. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time; provided that no amendment, other than
(a) as permitted by the applicable Award Agreement, (b) as provided under Sections 10.6 and 10.15, or (c) an amendment to increase the Overall Share Limit, may materially and adversely affect any Award outstanding at the time of such
amendment without the affected Participants consent. No Awards may be granted under the Plan during any suspension period or after the Plans termination. Awards outstanding at the time of any Plan suspension or termination will continue
to be governed by the Plan and the Award Agreement, as in effect before such suspension or termination. The Board will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to increase the Non-Employee Director
Limit or to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Laws. 

10.5 Provisions for Foreign Participants. The Administrator may
modify Awards granted to Participants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States or establish subplans or procedures under the Plan to address differences in laws, rules, regulations or customs of such foreign jurisdictions with
respect to tax, securities, currency, employee benefit or other matters. 

10.6 Section 409A. 

(a) General. To the extent that the Administrator determines that any Award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A, the
Award Agreement evidencing such Award shall incorporate the terms and conditions required by Section 409A. To the extent applicable, the Plan and the Award Agreements shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A, such that no
adverse tax consequences, interest, or penalties under Section 409A apply. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, the Administrator may, without a Participants consent, amend this Plan or Awards,
adopt policies and procedures, or take any other actions (including amendments, policies, procedures and retroactive actions) as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of Awards, including any such actions intended to
(i) exempt this Plan or any Award from Section 409A, or (ii) comply with Section 409A, including regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority that may be issued after an Awards grant date.
The Company makes no representations or warranties as to an Awards tax treatment under Section 409A or otherwise. The Company will have no obligation under this Section 10.6 or otherwise to avoid the taxes, penalties or 

11 

interest under Section 409A with respect to any Award and will have no liability to any Participant or
any other person if any Award, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute noncompliant nonqualified deferred compensation subject to taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. Notwithstanding
any contrary provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement, any payment of nonqualified deferred compensation under the Plan that may be made in installments shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct
payments. 

(b) Separation from Service. If an Award is subject to and constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation
under Section 409A, any payment or settlement of such Award upon a termination of a Participants Service Provider relationship will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A, be made only upon the Participants
separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A), whether such separation from service occurs upon or after the termination of the Participants Service Provider relationship. For purposes of this Plan
or any Award Agreement relating to any such payments or benefits, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms means a separation from service. 

(c) Payments to Specified Employees. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or any Award Agreement, any payment(s) of
nonqualified deferred compensation required to be made under an Award subject to Section 409A to a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A and as the Administrator determines) due to his or her
separation from service will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, be delayed for the six-month period immediately following such separation
from service (or, if earlier, until the specified employees death) and will instead be paid (as set forth in the Award Agreement) on the day immediately following such six-month period or as soon
as administratively practicable thereafter (without interest). Any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation under such Award payable more than six months following the Participants separation from service will be
paid at the time or times the payments are otherwise scheduled to be made. 

10.7 Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other
provisions of the Plan, no individual acting as a director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary will be liable to any Participant, former Participant, spouse, beneficiary, or any other person for any claim, loss,
liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan or any Award, and such individual will not be personally liable with respect to the Plan because of any contract or other instrument executed in his, her or its capacity as an Administrator,
director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each director, officer, other employee and agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that has been or will be granted or delegated
any duty or power relating to the Plans administration or interpretation, against any cost or expense (including attorneys fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the Administrators approval)
arising from any act or omission concerning this Plan unless arising from such persons own fraud or bad faith. 

10.8 Lock-Up Period. The Company may, at the request of any underwriter representative or otherwise, in connection with registering the offering of any Company securities under the Securities Act, prohibit
Participants from, directly or indirectly, selling or otherwise transferring any Shares or other Company securities during a period of up to 180 days following the effective date of a Company registration statement filed under the Securities Act, or
such longer period as determined by the underwriter. 

10.9 Data Privacy. As a condition for receiving any Award, each Participant
explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this section by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates exclusively for implementing,
administering and managing the Participants participation in the Plan. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may hold certain personal information about a Participant, including the 

12 

Participants name, address and telephone number; birthdate; social security number, insurance number
or other identification number; salary; nationality; job title(s); any Shares held in the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliates; and Award details, to implement, manage and administer the Plan and Awards (the Data).
The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data amongst themselves as necessary to implement, administer and manage a Participants participation in the Plan, and the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may
transfer the Data to third parties assisting the Company with Plan implementation, administration and management. These recipients may be located in the Participants country, or elsewhere, and the Participants country may have different
data privacy laws and protections than the recipients country. By accepting an Award, each Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, to implement, administer and
manage the Participants participation in the Plan, including any required Data transfer to a broker or other third party with whom the Company or the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares. The Data related to a Participant will be held
only as long as necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participants participation in the Plan. A Participant may, at any time, view the Data that the Company and its Subsidiaries hold regarding such Participant, request additional
information about the storage and processing of the Data regarding such Participant, recommend any necessary corrections to the Data regarding the Participant or refuse or withdraw the consents provided for in this Section 10.9 in writing,
without cost, by contacting the local human resources representative. If the Participant refuses or withdraws the consents provided for in this Section 10.9, the Company may cancel Participants ability to participate in the Plan and, in
the Administrators discretion, the Participant may forfeit any outstanding Awards. For more information on the consequences of refusing or withdrawing consent, Participants may contact their local human resources representative. 

10.10 Severability. If any portion of the Plan or any action taken under it is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or
invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action will be null and void. 

10.11 Governing Documents. If any contradiction occurs between the Plan and any Award Agreement or other written agreement between a
Participant and the Company (or any Subsidiary) that the Administrator has approved, the Plan will govern, unless it is expressly specified in such Award Agreement or other written document that the specific provision of the Plan will not apply. For
clarity, the foregoing sentence shall not limit the applicability of any additive language contained in an Award Agreement or other written agreement which provides supplemental or additional terms not inconsistent with the Plan. 

10.12 Governing Law. The Plan and all Awards will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
disregarding any states choice-of-law principles requiring the application of a jurisdictions laws other than the State of Delaware. 

10.13 Claw-back Provisions. All Awards (including, without limitation, any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit actually or
constructively received by a Participant upon any receipt or exercise of any Award or upon the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award) shall be subject to the provisions of the Companys Policy for Recovery of Erroneously Awarded
Compensation and to any claw- back policy implemented by the Company, including, without limitation, any claw-back policy adopted to comply with Applicable Laws, as and to the extent set forth in such claw-back policy or the Award Agreement. 

10.14 Titles and Headings. The titles and headings in the Plan are for convenience of reference only and, if any conflict, the
Plans text, rather than such titles or headings, will control. 

13 

10.15 Conformity to Securities Laws. Participant acknowledges that the Plan is
intended to conform to the extent necessary with Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan and all Awards will be administered only in conformance with Applicable Laws. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Plan
and all Award Agreements will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to Applicable Laws. 

10.16 Unfunded Status of Awards. The
Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan for incentive compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Award Agreement shall give the Participant any
rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

10.17 Relationship to Other Benefits. No
payment under the Plan will be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except as expressly provided in
writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder. 

ARTICLE XI. 

DEFINITIONS 

As used in
the Plan, the following words and phrases will have the following meanings: 

11.1 Administrator means the Board
or a Committee to the extent that the Boards powers or authority under the Plan have been delegated to such Committee. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Board shall conduct the general administration of the Plan with respect
to Awards granted to non-employee Directors and, with respect to such Awards, the term Administrator as used in the Plan shall mean and refer to the Board. 

11.2 Agent means the brokerage firm, bank or other financial institution, entity or person(s), if any,
engaged, retained, appointed or authorized to act as the agent of the Company or a Participant with regard to the Plan. 

11.3
Applicable Laws means the requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under U.S. federal and state securities, tax and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the applicable rules of any
stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws and rules of any foreign country or other jurisdiction where Awards are granted. 

11.4 Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights,
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Dividend Equivalents, or Other Stock or Cash Based Awards. 

11.5 Award
Agreement means a written agreement evidencing an Award, which may be electronic, that contains such terms and conditions as the Administrator determines, consistent with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

11.6 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

14 

11.7 Cause means, in respect of a Participant, either (a) the
definition of Cause contained in the Participants Award Agreement or an effective, written service or employment agreement between the Participant and the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company; or (b) if no such agreement
exists or such agreement does not define Cause, then Cause shall mean (i) the Participants unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any material breach of a
written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including without limitation a material breach of any employment, confidentiality, non-compete,non-solicit or similar agreement; (ii) the Participants commission of, indictment for or the entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere by the Participant to, a felony under the laws of the
United States or any state thereof or any crime involving dishonesty or moral turpitude (or any similar crime in any jurisdiction outside the United States); (iii) the Participants negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the
Participants duties or the Participants willful or repeated failure or refusal to substantially perform assigned duties; (iv) any act of fraud, embezzlement, material misappropriation or dishonesty committed by the Participant
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (v) any acts, omissions or statements by a Participant which the Company determines to be materially detrimental or damaging to the reputation, operations, prospects or business relations of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The findings and decision of the Administrator with respect to any Cause determination will be final and binding for all purposes. 

11.8 Change in Control means and includes each of the following: 

(a) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Common Stock to the general public through a registration statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a transaction or series of transactions that meets the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (c) below) whereby any person or related group of
persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (other than the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a person
that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule
13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than 50% of the total combined voting power of the Companys securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition; or 

(b) During any period of two consecutive years, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new
Director(s) (other than a Director designated by a person who shall have entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in subsections (a) or (c)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the
Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors at the beginning of the
two-year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or 

(c) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more
intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions
or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction: 

(i) which results in the
Companys voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction,
controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Companys assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor
Entity)) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entitys outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and 

15 

(ii) after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50% or
more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity; provided, however, that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this clause (ii) as beneficially owning 50% or more of the combined voting power of the
Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award (or portion of any Award) that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition
of additional taxes under Section 409A, the transaction or event described in subsection (a), (b) or (c) with respect to such Award (or portion thereof) shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such
Award if such transaction also constitutes a change in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A- 3(i)(5). 

The Administrator shall have full and final authority, which shall be exercised in its discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change
in Control has occurred pursuant to the above definition, the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control and any incidental matters relating thereto; provided that any exercise of authority in conjunction with a determination of whether a
Change in Control is a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be consistent with such regulation. 

11.9 Closing means the closing of the transactions contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
December 22, 2023, by and between BurTech Acquisition Corp., BurTech Merger Sub, Inc., Blaize, Inc. and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, Burkhan Capital LLC. 

11.10 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations issued thereunder. 

11.11 Committee means one or more committees or subcommittees of the Board, which may include one or more Company
directors or executive officers, to the extent Applicable Laws permit. To the extent required to comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3, it is intended that each member of the Committee will be, at the time
the Committee takes any action with respect to an Award that is subject to Rule 16b-3, a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3; however, a Committee members failure to qualify as a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3
will not invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly granted under the Plan. 

11.12 Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company. 

11.13 Company means Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, or any successor. 

11.14 Consultant means any consultant or advisor engaged by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries to render services to such entity that qualifies as a consultant or advisor under the applicable rules of Form S-8 Registration Statements. 

11.15 Designated Beneficiary means the beneficiary or beneficiaries the Participant designates, in a manner the
Administrator determines, to receive amounts due or exercise the Participants rights if the Participant dies or becomes incapacitated. Without a Participants effective designation, Designated Beneficiary will mean the
Participants estate. 

11.16 Director means a Board member. 

16 

11.17 Disability means that the Participant is unable to engage in
any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 

11.18 Dividend Equivalents means a right granted to a Participant under the Plan to receive the equivalent value (in
cash or Shares) of dividends paid on Shares. 

11.19 Employee means any employee of the Company or its
Subsidiaries. 

11.20 Equity Restructuring means, as determined by the Administrator, a non-reciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash
dividend, or other large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects the number or kind of Shares (or other securities of the Company) or the share price of Common Stock (or other securities of the Company) and causes a change in the per share value
of the Common Stock underlying outstanding Awards. 

11.21 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. 

11.22 Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of a Share determined as follows: (a) if
the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such Common Stock as quoted on such exchange for such date, or if no sale occurred on such date, the last day preceding such date
during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; (b) if the Common Stock is not traded on a stock exchange but is quoted on a national market or other quotation
system, the closing sales price on such date, or if no sales occurred on such date, then on the last date preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems
reliable; or (c) without an established market for the Common Stock, the Administrator will determine the Fair Market Value in its discretion. 

11.23 Greater Than 10% Stockholder means an individual then owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the
Code) more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or its parent or subsidiary corporation, as defined in Section 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively. 

11.24 Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option as defined
in Section 422 of the Code. 

11.25 Non-Qualified Stock Option means
an Option, or portion thereof, not intended or not qualifying as an Incentive Stock Option. 

11.26 Option means
an option to purchase Shares, which will either be an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

11.27 Other Stock or Cash Based Awards means cash awards, awards of Shares, and other awards valued wholly or
partially by referring to, or are otherwise based on, Shares or other property awarded to a Participant under Article VII. 

11.28
Overall Share Limit means the sum of (a) 18,286,014 Shares; and (b) an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning January 1, 2025 and ending on and including January 1, 2034, equal to
the lesser of (i) a number of Shares equal to 7% of the aggregate number of Shares outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) such smaller number of Shares as is determined by the Board. 

17 

11.29 Participant means a Service Provider who has been granted an
Award. 

11.30 Performance Criteria means the criteria (and adjustments) that the Administrator may select for an
Award to establish performance goals for a performance period, which may include (but is not limited to) the following: net earnings or losses (either before or after one or more of interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and non-cash equity-based compensation expense); gross or net sales or revenue or sales or revenue growth; net income (either before or after taxes) or adjusted net income; profits (including but not limited to gross
profits, net profits, profit growth, net operation profit or economic profit), profit return ratios or operating margin; operating efficiency; budget or operating earnings (either before or after taxes or before or after allocation of corporate
overhead and bonus); cash flow (including operating cash flow and free cash flow or cash flow return on capital); return on assets; return on capital or invested capital; cost of capital; return on stockholders equity; total stockholder
return; return on sales; costs, reductions in costs and cost control measures; expenses; working capital; earnings or loss per share; adjusted earnings or loss per share; price per share or dividends per share (or appreciation in or maintenance of
such price or dividends); regulatory achievements or compliance; implementation, completion or attainment of objectives relating to research, development, regulatory, commercial, or strategic milestones or developments; market share; economic value
or economic value added models; division, group or corporate financial goals; customer satisfaction/growth; customer service; employee satisfaction; recruitment and maintenance of personnel; human resources management; supervision of litigation and
other legal matters; strategic partnerships, collaborations and transactions; financial ratios (including those measuring liquidity, activity, profitability or leverage); debt levels or reductions; sales-related goals; financing and other capital
raising transactions; cash on hand; acquisition, licensing or divestiture activity; investment sourcing activity; and marketing initiatives, any of which may be measured in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or decrease. Such
performance goals also may be (a) based solely by reference to the Companys performance or the performance of a Subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit of the Company or a Subsidiary, (b) based upon performance
relative to performance of other companies or upon comparisons of any of the indicators of performance relative to performance of other companies, (c) based on GAAP or non-GAAP metrics, and/or
(d) adjusted to reflect the impact of unusual or non-recurring transactions, extraordinary events or otherwise as determined by the Administrator. 

11.31 Plan means this 2025 Incentive Award Plan. 

11.32 Restricted Stock means Shares awarded to a Participant under Article VI subject to certain vesting conditions
and other restrictions. 

11.33 Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded, unsecured right to receive, on the
applicable settlement date, one Share or an amount in cash or other consideration determined by the Administrator to be of equal value as of such settlement date awarded to a Participant under Article VI subject to certain vesting conditions and
other restrictions. 

11.34 Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

11.35
Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and all regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority thereunder. 

11.36 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

18 

11.37 Service Provider means an Employee, Consultant or Director.

11.38 Shares means shares of Common Stock. 

11.39 Stock Appreciation Right means a stock appreciation right granted under Article V. 

11.40 Subsidiary means any entity (other than the Company), whether domestic or foreign, in an unbroken chain of
entities beginning with the Company if each of the entities other than the last entity in the unbroken chain beneficially owns, at the time of the determination, securities or interests representing at least 50% of the total combined voting power of
all classes of securities or interests in one of the other entities in such chain. 

11.41 Substitute Awards means
Awards granted or Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, in each case by a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or
with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines. 

11.42 Termination of Service means the date the Participant
ceases to be a Service Provider. 

* * * * * 

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d903961dex106.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.6
<TEXT>
EX-10.6

Exhibit 10.6 

BLAIZE HOLDINGS, INC. 

2025 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 

ARTICLE I. 

PURPOSE

The purpose of this Plan is to assist Eligible Employees of the Company and its Designated Subsidiaries in acquiring a stock
ownership interest in the Company. 

The Plan consists of two components: (i) the Section 423 Component and (ii) the Non-Section 423 Component. The Section 423 Component is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Code and shall be administered, interpreted and construed
in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. The Non-Section 423 Component authorizes the grant of rights which need not qualify as rights granted pursuant to an employee
stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Code. Rights granted under the Non-Section 423 Component shall be granted pursuant to separate Offerings containing such
sub-plans, appendices, rules or procedures as may be adopted by the Administrator and designed to achieve tax, securities laws or other objectives for Eligible Employees and Designated Subsidiaries but shall
not be intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Code. Except as otherwise determined by the Administrator or provided herein, the Non-Section 423
Component will operate and be administered in the same manner as the Section 423 Component. Offerings intended to be made under the Non-Section 423 Component will be designated as such by the
Administrator at or prior to the time of such Offering. 

For purposes of this Plan, the Administrator may designate separate Offerings
under the Plan in which Eligible Employees will participate. The terms of these Offerings need not be identical, even if the dates of the applicable Offering Period(s) in each such Offering are identical, provided that the terms of participation are
the same within each separate Offering under the Section 423 Component (as determined under Section 423 of the Code). Solely by way of example and without limiting the foregoing, the Company could, but shall not be required to, provide for
simultaneous Offerings under the Section 423 Component and the Non-Section 423 Component of the Plan. 

ARTICLE II. 

DEFINITIONS
AND CONSTRUCTION 

Wherever the following terms are used in the Plan they shall have the meanings specified below, unless the context
clearly indicates otherwise. 

2.1 Administrator means the entity that conducts the general administration of the
Plan as provided in Article XI. 

2.2 Agent means the brokerage firm, bank or other financial
institution, entity or person(s), if any, engaged, retained, appointed or authorized to act as the agent of the Company or an Employee with regard to the Plan. 

2.3 Applicable Law means the requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under U.S.
federal and state securities, tax and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the applicable rules of any stock exchange or quotation system on which Shares are listed or quoted and the applicable laws and rules of any foreign country or other
jurisdiction where rights under this Plan are granted. 

2.4 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2.5 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations issued thereunder. 

2.6 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company and such other securities of the Company that may be
substituted therefore. 

2.7 Company means Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor. 

2.8 Compensation of an Eligible Employee means, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the gross cash
compensation paid by the Company or its Subsidiary (as applicable) to such Eligible Employee as compensation for services to the Company or any Designated Subsidiary, including for clarity, any prior-week adjustments; commissions; cash incentive
compensation and one-time bonuses (e.g., retention or sign on bonuses); overtime payments; or compensation paid by the Company or any Designated Subsidiary in respect of periods of absence from work; and
excluding any education or tuition reimbursements; travel expenses; business and moving reimbursements; income received in connection with any stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other compensatory
equity awards; fringe benefits; other special payments and all contributions made by the Company or any Designated Subsidiary for the Employees benefit under any employee benefit plan now or hereafter established. 

2.9 Designated Beneficiary means the beneficiary or beneficiaries the Participant designates, in a manner the
Administrator determines, to receive amounts due or exercise the Participants rights if the Participant dies or becomes incapacitated. Without a Participants effective designation, Designated Beneficiary will mean the
Participants estate. 

2.10 Designated Subsidiary means any Subsidiary designated by the Administrator in
accordance with Section 11.2(b), such designation to specify whether such participation is in the Section 423 Component or Non-Section 423 Component. A Designated Subsidiary may participate in either
the Section 423 Component or Non-Section 423 Component, but not both. 

2.11
Effective Date means the date on which the Companys stockholders approve the Plan. 

2.12
Eligible Employee means an Employee who does not, immediately after any rights under this Plan are granted, own (directly or through attribution) stock possessing 5% or more of the total combined voting power or value of
all classes of Shares and other securities of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary (as determined under Section 423(b)(3) of the Code). For purposes of the foregoing, the rules of Section 424(d) of the Code with regard to the attribution
of stock ownership shall apply in determining the stock ownership of an individual, and stock that an Employee may purchase under outstanding options shall be treated as stock owned by the Employee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator
may provide in an Offering Document that an Employee shall not be eligible to participate in an Offering Period under the Section 423 Component if: (a) such Employee is a highly compensated employee within the meaning of
Section 423(b)(4)(D) of the Code; (b) such Employee has not met a service requirement designated by the Administrator pursuant to Section 423(b)(4)(A) of the Code (which service requirement may not exceed two years); (c) such
Employees customary employment is for 20 hours per week or less; (d) such Employees customary employment is for less than five months in any calendar year; and/or (e) such Employee is a citizen or resident of a foreign
jurisdiction and the grant of a right to purchase Shares under the Plan to such Employee would be prohibited under the laws of such foreign jurisdiction or the grant of a right to purchase Shares under the Plan to such Employee in compliance with
the laws of such foreign jurisdiction would cause the Plan to violate the requirements of Section 423 of the Code, as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion; provided, that any exclusion in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or
(e) shall be applied in an identical manner under each Offering Period to all Employees, in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.423-2(e).

2 

Further notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to the
Non-Section 423 Component, the first sentence in this definition shall apply in determining who is an Eligible Employee, except (i) the Administrator may further limit eligibility within the
Company or within a Designated Subsidiary so as to only designate certain Employees of the Company or of a Designated Subsidiary as Eligible Employees, and (ii) to the extent the restrictions in the first sentence in this definition
are not consistent with any applicable local law, such applicable local law shall control. 

2.13 Employee means
any individual who renders services to the Company or any Designated Subsidiary in the status of an employee, and, with respect to the Section 423 Component, a person who is an employee of the Company or any Designated Subsidiary within the
meaning of Section 3401(c) of the Code. For purposes of an individuals participation in, or other rights under the Plan, all determinations by the Company shall be final, binding and conclusive, notwithstanding that any court of law or
governmental agency subsequently makes a contrary determination. For purposes of the Plan, the employment relationship shall be treated as continuing intact while the individual is on sick leave or other leave of absence approved by the Company or
Designated Subsidiary and meeting the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.421-1(h)(2). Where the period of leave exceeds three months and the individuals right to reemployment is not
guaranteed either by statute or by contract, the employment relationship shall be deemed to have terminated on the first day immediately following such three-month period. 

2.14 Enrollment Date means the first Trading Day of each Offering Period. 

2.15 Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Shares determined as follows: (a) if the Shares are
listed on any established stock exchange, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such Shares as quoted on such exchange for such date, or if no sale occurred on such date, the last day preceding such date during which a sale
occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; (b) if the Shares are not traded on a stock exchange but are quoted on a national market or other quotation system, the closing sales
price on such date, or if no sales occurred on such date, then on the last date preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; or (c) without
an established market for the Shares, the Administrator will determine the Fair Market Value in its discretion. 

2.16 Non-Section 423 Component means those Offerings under the Plan, together with the sub-plans, appendices, rules or procedures, if any, adopted by the
Administrator as a part of this Plan, in each case, pursuant to which rights to purchase Shares during an Offering Period may be granted to Eligible Employees that need not satisfy the requirements for rights to purchase Shares granted pursuant to
an employee stock purchase plan that are set forth under Section 423 of the Code. 

2.17
Offering means an offer by the Company under the Plan to Eligible Employees of a right to purchase Shares that may be exercised during an Offering Period, as further described in Article IV hereof. Unless otherwise
specified by the Administrator, each Offering to the Eligible Employees of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary shall be deemed a separate Offering, even if the dates and other terms of the applicable Offering Periods of each such Offering are
identical, and the provisions of the Plan will separately apply to each Offering. To the extent permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.423-2(a)(1), the terms of each separate Offering under the
Section 423 Component need not be identical, provided that the terms of the Section 423 Component and an Offering thereunder together satisfy Treasury Regulation 1.423-2(a)(2) and (a)(3). 

3 

2.18 Offering Document has the meaning given to such term in
Section 4.1. 

2.19 Offering Period has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.1. 

2.20 Parent means any corporation, other than the Company, in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the
Company if, at the time of the determination, each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 

2.21 Participant means any Eligible Employee who has executed a subscription agreement and been granted rights to
purchase Shares pursuant to the Plan. 

2.22 Plan means this 2025 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, including
both the Section 423 Component and Non-Section 423 Component and any other sub-plans or appendices hereto, as amended from time to time. 

2.23 Purchase Date means the last Trading Day of each Purchase Period or such other date as determined by the
Administrator and set forth in the Offering Document. 

2.24 Purchase Period shall refer to one or more specified
periods within an Offering Period, as designated in the applicable Offering Document; provided, however, that, if no Purchase Period is designated by the Administrator in the applicable Offering Document, the Purchase Period for each Offering
Period covered by such Offering Document shall be the same as the applicable Offering Period. 

2.25 Purchase
Price means the purchase price designated by the Administrator in the applicable Offering Document (which purchase price, for purposes of the Section 423 Component, shall not be less than 85% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on
the Enrollment Date or on the Purchase Date, whichever is lower); provided, however, that, if no purchase price is designated by the Administrator in the applicable Offering Document, the purchase price for the Offering Periods covered by
such Offering Document shall be 85% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Enrollment Date or on the Purchase Date, whichever is lower; provided, further, that the Purchase Price may be adjusted by the Administrator pursuant to
Article VIII and shall not be less than the par value of a Share. 

2.26 Section 423
Component means those Offerings under the Plan, together with the sub-plans, appendices, rules or procedures, if any, adopted by the Administrator as a part of this Plan or any Offering(s), in
each case, pursuant to which rights to purchase Shares during an Offering Period may be granted to Eligible Employees that are intended to satisfy the requirements for rights to purchase Shares granted pursuant to an employee stock purchase
plan that are set forth under Section 423 of the Code. 

2.27 Securities Act means the U.S. Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. 

2.28 Share means a share of Common Stock. 

2.29 Subsidiary means any corporation, other than the Company, in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with
the Company if, at the time of the determination, each of the corporations other than the last corporation in an unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other
corporations in such chain; provided, however, that a limited liability company or partnership may be treated as a Subsidiary to the extent either (a) such entity is treated as a disregarded entity under Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(a) by reason of the Company or any other Subsidiary that is a corporation being the sole owner of such entity, or (b) such entity elects to be classified as a corporation under Treasury
Regulation Section 301.7701-3(a) and such entity would otherwise qualify as a Subsidiary. In addition, with respect to the Non-Section 423 Component, Subsidiary
shall include any corporate or non-corporate entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect equity interest or significant business relationship. 

4 

2.30 Trading Day means a day on which national stock exchanges in
the United States are open for trading. 

ARTICLE III. 

SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 

3.1 Number of Shares. Subject to Article VIII, the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to rights granted under
the Plan shall be 2,031,779 Shares. In addition to the foregoing, subject to Article VIII, on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2025 and ending on and including January 1, 2034, the number of Shares available for
issuance under the Plan shall be increased by that number of Shares equal to the lesser of (a) 1% of the aggregate number of Shares outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) such smaller number of Shares as
determined by the Board. If any right granted under the Plan shall for any reason terminate without having been exercised, the Shares not purchased under such right shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything
in this Section 3.1 to the contrary, the number of Shares that may be issued or transferred pursuant to the rights granted under the Section 423 Component of the Plan shall not exceed an aggregate of 5,079,448 Shares, subject to
Article VIII. 

3.2 Shares Distributed. Any Shares distributed pursuant to the Plan may consist, in whole or in part, of
authorized and unissued Shares, treasury shares or Shares purchased on the open market. 

ARTICLE IV. 

OFFERING PERIODS; OFFERING DOCUMENTS; PURCHASE DATES 

4.1 Offering Periods. The Administrator may from time to time grant or provide for the grant of rights to purchase Shares under the
Plan to Eligible Employees during one or more periods (each, an Offering Period) selected by the Administrator. The terms and conditions applicable to each Offering Period shall be set forth in an Offering
Document adopted by the Administrator from time to time, which Offering Document shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall deem appropriate and shall be incorporated by reference into
and made part of the Plan. The Administrator shall establish in each Offering Document one or more Purchase Periods within such Offering Period during which rights granted under the Plan shall be exercised and purchases of Shares carried out in
accordance with such Offering Document and the Plan. The provisions of separate Offerings or Offering Periods under the Plan may be partially or wholly concurrent and need not be identical. 

4.2 Offering Documents. Each Offering Document with respect to an Offering Period shall specify (through incorporation of the
provisions of this Plan by reference or otherwise): 

(a) the length of the Offering Period, which period shall not exceed 27 months; 

(b) the length of the Purchase Period(s) within the Offering Period, which period(s), in the absence of a contrary designation by the
Administrator, shall not exceed six months; 

(c) in connection with each Offering Period that contains more than one Purchase Period, the
maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be purchased by any Eligible Employee during each Purchase Period (if applicable), which, in the absence of a contrary designation by the Administrator, shall be 5,000 Shares (and which, for the
Section 423 Component Offering Periods, shall be subject to the limitations described in Section 5.5 below); 

5 

(d) the maximum number of Shares that may be purchased by any Eligible Employee during such
Offering Period (if applicable), which, in the absence of a contrary designation by the Administrator, shall be 20,000 Shares (and which, for the Section 423 Component Offering Periods, shall be subject to the limitations described in
Section 5.5 below); and 

(e) such other provisions as the Administrator determines are appropriate, subject to the Plan. 

ARTICLE V. 

ELIGIBILITY
AND PARTICIPATION 

5.1 Eligibility. Any Eligible Employee who shall be employed by the Company or a Designated Subsidiary on a
given Enrollment Date for an Offering Period shall be eligible to participate in the Plan during such Offering Period, subject to the requirements of this Article V and, for the Section 423 Component, the limitations imposed by
Section 423(b) of the Code. 

5.2 Enrollment in Plan. 

(a) Except as otherwise set forth herein or in an Offering Document or determined by the Administrator, an Eligible Employee may become a
Participant in the Plan for an Offering Period by delivering a subscription agreement to the Company by such time prior to the Enrollment Date for such Offering Period (or such other date specified in the Offering Document) designated by the
Administrator and in such form as the Company provides. 

(b) Each subscription agreement shall designate a whole percentage of such
Eligible Employees Compensation to be withheld by the Company or the Designated Subsidiary employing such Eligible Employee on each payday during the Offering Period as payroll deductions under the Plan. The percentage of Compensation
designated by an Eligible Employee may not be less than 1% and may not be more than the maximum percentage specified by the Administrator in the applicable Offering Document (which maximum percentage shall be 15% in the absence of any such
designation) as payroll deductions; provided that, in no event shall the actual amount withheld on any payday hereunder exceed the net amount payable to the Eligible Employee on such payday after taxes and any other applicable deductions
therefrom (and if amounts to be withheld hereunder would otherwise result in a negative payment to the Eligible Employee on such payday, the amount to be withheld hereunder shall instead be reduced by the least amount necessary to avoid a negative
payment amount for the Eligible Employee on such payday, as determined by the Administrator). The payroll deductions made for each Participant shall be credited to an account for such Participant under the Plan and shall be deposited with the
general funds of the Company. 

(c) Unless otherwise provided in the terms of an Offering Document, a Participant may increase or decrease
the percentage of Compensation designated in his or her subscription agreement, subject to the limits of this Section 5.2, or may suspend his or her payroll deductions, in any case, at any time during an Offering Period; provided,
however, that the Administrator may limit or eliminate the type or number of changes a Participant may make to his or her payroll deduction elections during each Offering Period in the applicable Offering Document (and in the absence of any
specific designation by the Administrator, a Participant shall be allowed to decrease, increase or suspend his or her payroll deduction elections, in each case, once during each Offering Period). Any such change or suspension of payroll
deductions shall be effective with the first full payroll period starting at least five business days after the Companys receipt of the new subscription agreement (or such shorter or longer period as may be specified

6 

by the Administrator in the applicable Offering Document). If a Participant suspends his or her payroll deductions during an Offering Period: such Participants cumulative unapplied payroll
deductions prior to the suspension (if any) shall remain in his or her account and shall be applied to the purchase of Shares on the next occurring Purchase Date. For clarity, if a Participant who suspends participation in an Offering Period ceases
to be an Eligible Employee or he or she withdraws from participation in such Offering Period, in either case, prior to the Purchase Date next-following his or her suspension of participation in the Offering Period, in any case, such
Participants cumulative unapplied payroll deductions shall be returned to him or her in accordance with Article VII. 

(d) Except as
otherwise set forth in herein or in an Offering Document or as otherwise determined by the Administrator, a Participant may participate in the Plan only by means of payroll deduction and may not make contributions by lump sum payment for any
Offering Period. 

5.3 Payroll Deductions. Except as otherwise provided herein or in the applicable Offering Document, payroll
deductions for a Participant shall commence on the first payday following the Enrollment Date and shall end on the last payday in the Offering Period to which the Participants authorization is applicable, unless sooner terminated by the
Participant as provided in Article VII or suspended by the Participant or the Administrator as provided in Section 5.2 and Section 5.6, respectively. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan to the contrary, in any non-U.S. jurisdiction where participation in the Plan through payroll deductions is prohibited, the Administrator may provide that an Eligible Employee may elect to participate through contributions to the
Participants account under the Plan in a form acceptable to the Administrator in lieu of or in addition to payroll deductions; provided, however, that, for any Offering under the Section 423 Component, the Administrator shall take
into consideration any limitations under Section 423 of the Code when applying an alternative method of contribution. 

5.4 Effect
of Enrollment. A Participants completion of a subscription agreement will enroll such Participant in the Plan for each subsequent Offering Period on the terms contained therein until the Participant either submits a new subscription
agreement, withdraws from participation under the Plan as provided in Article VII or otherwise becomes ineligible to participate in the Plan. 

5.5 Limitation on Purchase of Shares. An Eligible Employee may be granted rights under the Section 423 Component only if
such rights, together with any other rights granted to such Eligible Employee under employee stock purchase plans of the Company, any Parent or any Subsidiary, as specified by Section 423(b)(8) of the Code, do not permit such
employees rights to purchase stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary to accrue at a rate that exceeds $25,000 of the fair market value of such stock (determined as of the first day of the Offering Period during which such rights are
granted) for each calendar year in which such rights are outstanding at any time. This limitation shall be applied in accordance with Section 423(b)(8) of the Code. 

5.6 Suspension of Payroll Deductions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 423(b)(8) of
the Code and Section 5.5 (with respect to the Section 423 Component) or the other limitations set forth in this Plan, a Participants payroll deductions may be suspended by the Administrator at any time during an Offering Period. The
balance of the amount credited to the account of each Participant that has not been applied to the purchase of Shares by reason of Section 423(b)(8) of the Code, Section 5.5 or the other limitations set forth in this Plan shall be paid to
such Participant in one lump sum in cash within 30 days after the Purchase Date. 

5.7 Foreign Employees. In order to facilitate
participation in the Plan, the Administrator may provide for such special terms, rules and procedures applicable to Participants who are citizens or residents of a foreign jurisdiction, or who are employed by a Designated Subsidiary outside of the
United States, as the Administrator may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax 

7 

policy or custom. Except as permitted by Section 423 of the Code, with respect to the Section 423 Component, such special terms may not be more favorable than the terms of rights
granted under the Section 423 Component to Eligible Employees who are residents of the United States. Such special terms may be set forth in an addendum to the Plan in the form of an appendix or sub-plan
(which appendix or sub-plan may be designed to govern Offerings under the Section 423 Component or the Non-Section 423 Component, as determined by the
Administrator). To the extent that the terms and conditions set forth in an appendix or sub-plan conflict with any provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the appendix or
sub-plan shall govern except as otherwise set forth therein. The adoption of any such appendix or sub-plan shall be pursuant to Section 11.2(f) and any other
applicable provision herein. Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrator is specifically authorized to adopt rules and procedures, with respect to Participants who are foreign nationals or employed in
non-U.S. jurisdictions, regarding the exclusion of particular Subsidiaries from participation in the Plan, eligibility to participate, the definition of Compensation, handling of payroll deductions or other
contributions by Participants, payment of interest, conversion of local currency, data privacy security, payroll tax, withholding procedures, establishment of bank or trust accounts to hold payroll deductions or contributions. 

5.8 Leave of Absence. During leaves of absence approved by the Company meeting the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.421-1(h)(2) under the Code, unless otherwise set forth in the terms of an Offering Document, a Participant may continue participation in the Plan by making cash payments to the Company on his or her
normal payday equal to the Participants authorized payroll deduction. 

ARTICLE VI. 

GRANT AND EXERCISE OF RIGHTS 

6.1 Grant of Rights. On the Enrollment Date of each Offering Period, each Eligible Employee participating in such Offering Period shall
be granted a right to purchase the maximum number of Shares specified under Section 4.2, subject to the limits in Section 5.5, and shall have the right to buy, on each Purchase Date during such Offering Period (at the applicable Purchase
Price), such number of whole Shares as is determined by dividing (a) such Participants payroll deductions accumulated prior to such Purchase Date and retained in the Participants account as of the Purchase Date, by (b) the
applicable Purchase Price (rounded down to the nearest Share). The right shall expire on the last day of the Offering Period, or if earlier, the date on which the Participant withdraws in accordance with Section 7.1 or Section 7.3. 

6.2 Exercise of Rights. On each Purchase Date, each Participants accumulated payroll deductions and any other additional payments
specifically provided for herein or in the applicable Offering Document will be applied to the purchase of whole Shares, up to the maximum number of Shares permitted pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the applicable Offering Document, at the
Purchase Price. No fractional Shares shall be issued upon the exercise of rights granted under the Plan, unless the Offering Document specifically provides otherwise. Any cash in lieu of fractional Shares remaining after the purchase of whole Shares
upon exercise of a purchase right will be credited to a Participants account and carried forward and applied toward the purchase of whole Shares for the next following Offering Period. Shares issued pursuant to the Plan may be evidenced in
such manner as the Administrator may determine and may be issued in certificated form or issued pursuant to book-entry procedures. 

6.3
Pro Rata Allocation of Shares. If the Administrator determines that, on a given Purchase Date, the number of Shares with respect to which rights are to be exercised may exceed (a) the number of Shares that were available for issuance
under the Plan on the Enrollment Date of the applicable Offering Period, or (b) the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan on such Purchase Date, the Administrator may in its sole discretion provide that the Company shall make a
pro rata allocation of the Shares available for purchase on such Enrollment Date or Purchase Date, as applicable, in as uniform a 

8 

manner as shall be practicable and as it shall determine in its sole discretion to be equitable among all Participants for whom rights to purchase Shares are to be exercised pursuant to this
Article VI on such Purchase Date, and shall either (i) continue all Offering Periods then in effect, or (ii) terminate any or all Offering Periods then in effect pursuant to Article IX. The Company may make pro rata allocation of
the Shares available on the Enrollment Date of any applicable Offering Period pursuant to the preceding sentence, notwithstanding any authorization of additional Shares for issuance under the Plan by the Companys stockholders subsequent to
such Enrollment Date. The balance of the amount credited to the account of each Participant that has not been applied to the purchase of Shares shall be paid to such Participant without interest in one lump sum in cash as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Purchase Date, or such earlier date as determined by the Administrator. 

6.4 Withholding. At the time a
Participants rights under the Plan are exercised, in whole or in part, or at the time some or all of the Shares issued under the Plan is disposed of, the Participant must make adequate provision for the Companys federal, state, or other
tax withholding obligations, if any, that arise upon the exercise of the right or the disposition of the Shares. At any time, the Company may, but shall not be obligated to, withhold from the Participants compensation or Shares received
pursuant to the Plan the amount necessary for the Company to meet applicable withholding obligations, including any withholding required to make available to the Company any tax deductions or benefits attributable to sale or early disposition of
Shares by the Participant.

6.5 Conditions to Issuance of Shares. The Company shall not be required to issue or
deliver any certificate or certificates for, or make any book entries evidencing, Shares purchased upon the exercise of rights under the Plan prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions: (a) the admission of such Shares to listing
on all stock exchanges, if any, on which the Shares are then listed; (b) the completion of any registration or other qualification of such Shares under any state or federal law or under the rulings or regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission or any other governmental regulatory body, that the Administrator shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable; (c) the obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any state or federal governmental agency that
the Administrator shall, in its absolute discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable; (d) the payment to the Company of all amounts that it is required to withhold under federal, state or local law upon exercise of the rights, if any;
and (e) the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the exercise of the rights as the Administrator may from time to time establish for reasons of administrative convenience. 

ARTICLE VII. 

WITHDRAWAL; CESSATION OF ELIGIBILITY 

7.1 Withdrawal. A Participant may withdraw all but not less than all of the payroll deductions credited to his or her account and not
yet used to exercise his or her rights under the Plan at any time by giving written notice to the Company in a form acceptable to the Company no later than 30 days prior to the end of the then-applicable Purchase Period (or such shorter or longer
period as may be specified by the Administrator in the applicable Offering Document). All of the Participants payroll deductions credited to his or her account during such Purchase Period and not yet used to exercise rights under the Plan
shall be paid to such Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of notice of withdrawal, such Participants rights for the Offering Period shall be automatically terminated, and no further payroll deductions for the purchase
of Shares shall be made for such Offering Period. If a Participant withdraws from an Offering Period (including by virtue of a suspension as described in Section 5.2(c) above), payroll deductions shall not resume at the beginning of any
subsequent Offering Period unless the Participant is an Eligible Employee and timely delivers to the Company a new subscription agreement by the applicable enrollment deadline for any such subsequent Offering Period, as determined by the
Administrator. 

9 

7.2 Future Participation. A Participants withdrawal from an Offering Period
shall not have any effect upon his or her eligibility to participate in any similar plan that may hereafter be adopted by the Company or a Designated Subsidiary or in any subsequent Offering Period that commences on or after the Participants
withdrawal from any Offering Period. 

7.3 Cessation of Eligibility. Upon a Participants ceasing to be an Eligible Employee
for any reason, he or she shall be deemed to have elected to withdraw from the Plan pursuant to this Article VII and the payroll deductions credited to such Participants account during the then-current Purchase Period shall be paid to
such Participant or, in the case of his or her death, to the Participants Designated Beneficiary, within 30 days following such Participants ceasing to be an Eligible Employee, and such Participants rights for the Offering Period
shall be automatically terminated. For clarity, if a Participant transfers employment from the Company or any Designated Subsidiary participating in either the Section 423 Component or Non-Section 423
Component to any Designated Subsidiary that is neither participating in the Section 423 Component nor the Non-Section 423 Component, then, in any case, such transfer shall be treated as a termination of
employment under the Plan and the Participant shall be deemed to have withdrawn from the Plan pursuant to this Article VII and the payroll deductions credited to such Participants account during the then-current Purchase Period shall be
paid to such Participant or, in the case of his or her death, to the Participants Designated Beneficiary, within 30 days following such Participants transfer of employment, and such Participants participation in the Offering Period
shall be automatically terminated. If a Participant transfers employment from the Company or any Designated Subsidiary participating in the Section 423 Component to any Designated Subsidiary participating in the
Non-Section 423 Component, such transfer shall not be treated as a termination of employment under the Plan, but the Participant shall immediately cease to participate in the Section 423 Component;
however, any contributions made for the then-current Purchase Period in which such transfer occurs shall be transferred to the Non-Section 423 Component, and such Participant shall immediately join the
then-current Offering under the Non-Section 423 Component upon the same terms and conditions in effect for the Participants participation in the Section 423 Component, except for such modifications
otherwise applicable for Participants in such Offering. A Participant who transfers employment from any Designated Subsidiary participating in the Non-Section 423 Component to the Company or any Designated
Subsidiary participating in the Section 423 Component shall not be treated as terminating the Participants employment under the Plan and shall remain a Participant in the Non-Section 423 Component
until the earlier of (a) the end of the current Offering Period under the Non-Section 423 Component or (b) the Enrollment Date of the first Offering Period in which the Participant is eligible to
participate following such transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may establish different rules to govern transfers of employment between entities participating in the Section 423 Component and the Non-Section 423 Component, consistent with the applicable requirements of Section 423 of the Code or other Applicable Law. 

ARTICLE VIII. 

ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN SHARES 

8.1 Changes in Capitalization. Subject to Section 8.3, in the event that the Administrator determines that any dividend or other
distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other property), change in control, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, combination, repurchase, redemption, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, or
sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or sale or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or other securities of
the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event, as determined by the Administrator, affects the Shares such that an adjustment is determined by the Administrator to be appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the
benefits or potential benefits intended by the Company to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any outstanding purchase rights under the Plan, the Administrator shall 

10 

make equitable adjustments, if any, to reflect such change with respect to (a) the aggregate number and type of Shares (or other securities or property) that may be issued under the Plan
(including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Section 3.1 and the limitations established in each Offering Document pursuant to Section 4.2 on the maximum number of Shares that may be purchased); (b) the class(es) and
number of Shares and price per Share subject to outstanding rights; and (c) the Purchase Price with respect to any outstanding rights. 

8.2 Other Adjustments. Subject to Section 8.3, in the event of any transaction or event described in Section 8.1 or any
unusual or nonrecurring transactions or events affecting the Company, any affiliate of the Company, or the financial statements of the Company or any affiliate, or of changes in Applicable Law or accounting principles, the Administrator, in its
discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is appropriate in order to prevent the dilution or
enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any right under the Plan, to facilitate such transactions or events or to give effect to such changes in laws, regulations or
principles: 

(a) To provide for either (i) termination of any outstanding right in exchange for an amount of cash, if any, equal to
the amount that would have been obtained upon the exercise of such right had such right been currently exercisable or (ii) the replacement of such outstanding right with other rights or property selected by the Administrator in its sole
discretion; 

(b) To provide that the outstanding rights under the Plan shall be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a
parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted for by similar rights covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices;

(c) To make adjustments in the number and type of Shares (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding rights under the Plan
and/or in the terms and conditions of outstanding rights and rights that may be granted in the future; 

(d) To provide that
Participants accumulated payroll deductions may be used to purchase Shares prior to the next occurring Purchase Date on such date as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion and the Participants rights under the ongoing
Offering Period(s) shall be terminated; and 

(e) To provide that all outstanding rights shall terminate without being exercised. 

8.3 No Adjustment Under Certain Circumstances. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, no adjustment or action described in
this Article VIII or in any other provision of the Plan shall be authorized to the extent that such adjustment or action would cause the Section 423 Component of the Plan to fail to satisfy the requirements of Section 423 of the Code.

8.4 No Other Rights. Except as expressly provided in the Plan, no Participant shall have any rights by reason of any subdivision
or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any dividend, any increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class or any dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the Company or any other corporation.
Except as expressly provided in the Plan or pursuant to action of the Administrator under the Plan, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no
adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number of Shares subject to outstanding rights under the Plan or the Purchase Price with respect to any outstanding rights. 

11 

ARTICLE IX. 

AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION 

9.1 Amendment, Modification and Termination. The Administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time and from time to
time; provided, however, that approval of the Companys stockholders shall be required to amend the Plan to increase the aggregate number, or change the type, of shares that may be sold pursuant to rights under the Plan under
Section 3.1 (other than an adjustment as provided by Article VIII) or as may otherwise be required under Section 423 of the Code. 

9.2 Certain Changes to Plan. Without stockholder consent and without regard to whether any Participant rights may be considered to have
been adversely affected (and, with respect to the Section 423 Component of the Plan, to the extent permitted by Section 423 of the Code), the Administrator shall be entitled to change or terminate the Offering Periods, limit the frequency
and/or number of changes in the amount withheld from Compensation during an Offering Period, establish the exchange ratio applicable to amounts withheld in a currency other than U.S. dollars, permit payroll withholding in excess of the amount
designated by a Participant in order to adjust for delays or mistakes in the Companys processing of payroll withholding elections, establish reasonable waiting and adjustment periods and/or accounting and crediting procedures to ensure that
amounts applied toward the purchase of Shares for each Participant properly correspond with amounts withheld from the Participants Compensation, and establish such other limitations or procedures as the Administrator determines in its sole
discretion to be advisable that are consistent with the Plan. 

9.3 Actions In the Event of Unfavorable Financial Accounting
Consequences. In the event the Administrator determines that the ongoing operation of the Plan may result in unfavorable financial accounting consequences, the Administrator may, in its discretion and, to the extent necessary or desirable,
modify or amend the Plan to reduce or eliminate such accounting consequence including, but not limited to: 

(a) altering the Purchase Price
for any Offering Period including an Offering Period underway at the time of the change in Purchase Price; 

(b) shortening any Offering
Period so that the Offering Period ends on a new or earlier Purchase Date, including an Offering Period underway at the time of the Administrator action; 

(c) allocating Shares; and 

(d)
such other changes and modifications as the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate. 

Such modifications or amendments shall
not require stockholder approval or the consent of any Participant. 

9.4 Payments Upon Termination of Plan. Upon termination of the
Plan, the balance in each Participants Plan account shall be refunded as soon as practicable after such termination, without any interest thereon, or if the Administrator so determines, the Offering Period may be shortened so that the purchase
of Shares occurs prior to the termination of the Plan. 

12 

ARTICLE X. 

TERM OF PLAN 

The Plan
shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated by the Board in accordance with Section 9.1. No right may be granted under the Plan prior to the Effective Date. No rights may be granted under the Plan during any
period of suspension of the Plan or after termination of the Plan. 

ARTICLE XI. 

ADMINISTRATION 

11.1
Administrator. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Administrator of the Plan shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board (or another committee or a subcommittee of the Board to which the Board delegates administration of the
Plan). The Board may at any time vest in the Board any authority or duties for administration of the Plan. The Administrator may delegate administrative tasks under the Plan to the services of an Agent or Employees to assist in the administration of
the Plan, including establishing and maintaining an individual securities account under the Plan for each Participant. 

11.2 Authority
of Administrator. The Administrator shall have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: 

(a) To determine when and how rights to purchase Shares shall be granted and the provisions of each offering of such rights (which need not be
identical). 

(b) To designate from time to time which Subsidiaries of the Company shall be Designated Subsidiaries, which designation may
be made without the approval of the stockholders of the Company. 

(c) To impose a mandatory holding period pursuant to which Participants
may not dispose of or transfer Shares purchased under the Plan for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its discretion. 

(d) To construe and interpret the Plan and rights granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its
administration. The Administrator, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan, in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan fully effective. 

(e) To amend, suspend or terminate the Plan as provided in Article IX. 

(f) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Administrator deems necessary or expedient to promote the best
interests of the Company and its Subsidiaries and to carry out the intent that the Plan be treated as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Code for the Section 423 Component. 

(g) The Administrator may adopt annexes or sub-plans applicable to particular Designated Subsidiaries
or locations, which annexes or sub-plans may be designed to be outside the scope of Section 423 of the Code. The rules of such annexes or sub-plans may take
precedence over other provisions of this Plan, with the exception of Section 3.1 hereof, but unless otherwise superseded by the terms of such annex or sub-plan, the provisions of this Plan shall govern the operation of such annex or sub-plan.

13 

11.3 Decisions Binding. The Administrators interpretation of the Plan, any
rights granted pursuant to the Plan, any subscription agreement and all decisions and determinations by the Administrator with respect to the Plan are final, binding, and conclusive on all parties. 

ARTICLE XII. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

12.1
Restriction upon Assignment.A right granted under the Plan shall not be transferable other than by will or the Applicable Laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during the Participants lifetime only by the
Participant. Except in the case of a Participants death, a right under the Plan may not be exercised to any extent except by the Participant. The Company shall not recognize and shall be under no duty to recognize any assignment or alienation
of the Participants interest in the Plan, the Participants rights under the Plan or any rights thereunder. 

12.2 Rights as
a Stockholder. With respect to Shares subject to a right granted under the Plan, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary shall be deemed to be a stockholder of the Company, and no Participant or Designated Beneficiary shall have any of the
rights or privileges of a stockholder, until such Shares have been issued to the Participant or the Designated Beneficiary following exercise of the Participants rights under the Plan. No adjustments shall be made for dividends (ordinary or
extraordinary, whether in cash securities, or other property) or distribution or other rights for which the record date occurs prior to the date of such issuance, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as determined by the Administrator.

12.3 Interest. No interest shall accrue on the payroll deductions or contributions of a Participant under the Plan. 

12.4 Notices. All notices or other communications by a Participant to the Company under or in connection with the Plan shall be deemed
to have been duly given when received in the form specified by the Company at the location, or by the person, designated by the Company for the receipt thereof. 

12.5 Equal Rights and Privileges. Subject to Section 5.7, all Eligible Employees will have equal rights and privileges under the
Section 423 Component so that the Section 423 Component of this Plan qualifies as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Code. Subject to Section 5.7, any provision of the
Section 423 Component that is inconsistent with Section 423 of the Code will, without further act or amendment by the Company, the Board or the Administrator, be reformed to comply with the equal rights and privileges requirement of
Section 423 of the Code. Eligible Employees participating in the Non-Section 423 Component need not have the same rights and privileges as other Eligible Employees participating in the Non-Section 423 Component or as Eligible Employees participating in the Section 423 Component. 

12.6 Use of Funds. All payroll deductions received or held by the Company under the Plan may be used by the Company for any corporate
purpose, and the Company shall not be obligated to segregate such payroll deductions. 

12.7 Reports. Statements of account shall be
given to Participants at least annually, which statements shall set forth the amounts of payroll deductions, the Purchase Price, the number of Shares purchased and the remaining cash balance, if any. 

12.8 No Employment Rights. Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to give any person (including any Eligible Employee or Participant)
the right to employment or service (or to remain in the employ or service) with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary or affect the right of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary to terminate the employment or service of any person (including
any Eligible Employee or Participant) at any time, with or without cause. 

14 

12.9 Notice of Disposition of Shares. Each Participant shall give prompt notice to
the Company of any disposition or other transfer of any Shares purchased upon exercise of a right under the Section 423 Component of the Plan if such disposition or transfer is made: (a) within two years from the Enrollment Date of the
Offering Period in which the Shares were purchased or (b) within one year after the Purchase Date on which such Shares were purchased. Such notice shall specify the date of such disposition or other transfer and the amount realized, in cash,
other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, by the Participant in such disposition or other transfer. 

12.10
Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, no individual acting as a director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary will be liable to any Participant, former Participant,
Designated Beneficiary or any other person for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan or any Offering Period, and such individual will not be personally liable with respect to the Plan because of any contract or
other instrument executed in his or her capacity as an Administrator, director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each director, officer, other employee and agent of
the Company or any Subsidiary that has been or will be granted or delegated any duty or power relating to the Plans administration or interpretation, against any cost or expense (including attorneys fees) or liability (including any sum
paid in settlement of a claim with the Administrators approval) arising from any act or omission concerning this Plan unless arising from such persons own fraud or bad faith. 

12.11 Data Privacy. As a condition for participation in the Plan, each Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the
collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this section by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates exclusively for implementing, administering and managing the Participants
participation in the Plan. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may hold certain personal information about a Participant, including the Participants name, address and telephone number; birthdate; social security, insurance
number or other identification number; salary; nationality; job title(s); any Shares held in the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliates; and participation details, to implement, manage and administer the Plan and any Offering Period(s) (the
Data). The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data amongst themselves as necessary to implement, administer and manage a Participants participation in the Plan and any Offering
Period(s), and the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data to third parties assisting the Company with Plan implementation, administration and management. These recipients may be located in the Participants
country, or elsewhere, and the Participants country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the recipients country. By participating in any Offering Period under the Plan, each Participant authorizes such
recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, to implement, administer and manage the Participants participation in the Plan, including any required Data transfer to a broker or other third
party with whom the Company or the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares. The Data related to a Participant will be held only as long as necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participants participation in the
Plan. A Participant may, at any time, view the Data that the Company holds regarding such Participant, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data regarding such Participant, recommend any necessary corrections
to the Data regarding the Participant or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section 12.12 in writing, without cost, by contacting the local human resources representative. If the Participant refuses or withdraws the consents in this
Section 12.12, and the Company may cancel Participants ability to participate in the Plan or any Offering Period(s). For more information on the consequences of refusing or withdrawing consent, Participants may contact their local
human resources representative. 

15 

12.12 Severability. If any portion of the Plan or any action taken under it is held
illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action
will be null and void. 

12.13 Titles and Headings. The titles and headings in the Plan are for convenience of reference only
and, if any conflict, the Plans text, rather than such titles or headings, will control. 

12.14 Conformity to Securities
Laws. Participant acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform to the extent necessary with Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan and all Offering Periods will be administered only in
conformance with Applicable Laws. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Plan and all Offering Periods will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to Applicable Laws. 

12.15 Relationship to Other Benefits. No payment under the Plan will be taken into account in determining any benefits under any
pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except as expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder. 

12.16 Governing Law. The Plan and any agreements hereunder shall be administered, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws
of the State of Delaware, disregarding any states choice of law principles requiring the application of a jurisdictions laws other than the State of Delaware. 

12.17 Electronic Forms. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law and in the discretion of the Administrator, an Eligible Employee may
submit any form or notice as set forth herein by means of an electronic form approved by the Administrator. Before the commencement of an Offering Period, the Administrator shall prescribe the time limits within which any such electronic form shall
be submitted to the Administrator with respect to such Offering Period in order to be a valid election. 

12.18
Section 409A. The Section 423 Component of the Plan and the rights to purchase Shares granted pursuant to Offerings thereunder are intended to be exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code and the
U.S. Department of Treasury Regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A). Neither the Non-Section 423
Component nor any right to purchase Shares granted pursuant to an Offering thereunder is intended to constitute or provide for nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of
the Plan to the contrary, if the Administrator determines that any right to purchase Shares granted under the Plan may be or become subject to Section 409A or that any provision of the Plan may cause a right to purchase Shares granted under the
Plan to be or become subject to Section 409A, the Administrator may adopt such amendments to the Plan and/or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions
as the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate to avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A, either through compliance with the requirements of Section 409A or with an available exemption therefrom. 

* * * * * 

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>d903961dex107.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.7
<TEXT>
EX-10.7

Exhibit 10.7 

BLAIZE, INC. 2011 STOCK PLAN

NOTICEOF STOCK OPTION GRANT (INSTALLMENT
EXERCISE) 

The Optionee has been granted the following option to purchase shares of the Common Stock of Blaize, Inc.: 

Name of Optionee: Name

Total Number of Shares: TotalShares

Type of Option: ISO Incentive Stock Option (ISO)

NSO Nonstatutory Stock Option (NSO)

Exercise Price per Share: $PricePerShare

Date of Grant: DateGrant

Date Exercisable: This option may be exercised with respect to the first Percent% of the Shares subject to this option when the Optionee completes CliffPeriod months of continuous Service beginning with the Vesting
Commencement Date set forth below. This option may be exercised with respect to an additional Fraction% of the Shares subject to this option when the Optionee completes each month of continuous Service thereafter.

Vesting Commencement Date: VestComDate

Expiration Date: ExpDate. This option expires earlier if the Optionees Service terminates earlier, as provided in Section 6 of the Stock Option Agreement, or if the Company engages in certain corporate transactions, as
provided in Section 8(b) of the Plan.

By signing below, the Optionee and the Company agree that this option is granted under, and governed by the terms and
conditions of, the 2011 Stock Plan and the Stock Option Agreement. Both of these documents are attached to, and made a part of, this Notice of Stock Option Grant. Section 13 of the Stock Option Agreement includes important
acknowledgements of the Optionee. 

OPTIONEE: BLAIZE, INC.

By: 

Title: 

THE OPTION GRANTED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE THEREOF HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION THEREOF UNDER SUCH ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL, THAT
SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

BLAIZE, INC. 2011 STOCK PLAN:

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (INSTALLMENT EXERCISE) 

SECTION 1. GRANT OF OPTION. 

(a)
Option. On the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant and this Agreement, the Company grants to the Optionee on the Date of Grant the option to purchase at the Exercise Price the number of Shares set forth in the
Notice of Stock Option Grant. The Exercise Price is agreed to be at least 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the Date of Grant (110% of Fair Market Value if this option is designated as an ISO in the Notice of Stock Option Grant and
Section 3(b) of the Plan applies). This option is intended to be an ISO or an NSO, as provided in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. 

(b) $100,000 Limitation. Even if this option is designated as an ISO in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, it shall be deemed to be an
NSO to the extent (and only to the extent) required by the $100,000 annual limitation under Section 422(d) of the Code. 

(c) Stock
Plan and Defined Terms. This option is granted pursuant to the Plan, a copy of which the Optionee acknowledges having received. The provisions of the Plan are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. Capitalized terms are defined in
Section 14 of this Agreement. 

SECTION 2. RIGHT TO EXERCISE. 

(a) Exercisability. Subject to Subsection (b) below and the other conditions set forth in this Agreement, all or part of this
option may be exercised prior to its expiration at the time or times set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. 

(b) Stockholder
Approval. Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, no portion of this option shall be exercisable at any time prior to the approval of the Plan by the Companys stockholders. 

SECTION 3. NO TRANSFER OR ASSIGNMENT OF OPTION. 

Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this option and the rights and privileges conferred hereby shall not be sold, pledged or
otherwise transferred (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and shall not be subject to sale under execution, attachment, levy or similar process. 

SECTION 4. EXERCISE PROCEDURES. 

(a) Notice of Exercise. The Optionee or the Optionees representative may exercise this option by giving written notice to the
Company pursuant to Section 12(c). The notice shall specify the election to exercise this option, the number of Shares for which it is being exercised and the form of payment. The person exercising this option shall sign the notice. In the
event that this option is being exercised by the representative of the Optionee, the notice shall be accompanied by proof (satisfactory to the Company) of the representatives right to exercise this option. The Optionee or the Optionees
representative shall deliver to the Company, at the time of giving the notice, payment in a form permissible under Section 5 for the full amount of the Purchase Price. 

(b) Issuance of Shares. After receiving a proper notice of exercise, the Company shall cause to be issued one or more certificates
evidencing the Shares for which this option has been exercised. Such Shares shall be registered (i) in the name of the person exercising this option, (ii) in the names of such person and his or her spouse as community property or as joint
tenants with the right of survivorship or (iii) with the Companys consent, in the name of a revocable trust. The Company shall cause such certificates to be delivered to or upon the order of the person exercising this option. 

(c) Withholding Taxes. In the event that the Company determines that it is required to withhold any tax as a result of the exercise of
this option, the Optionee, as a condition to the exercise of this option, shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company to enable it to satisfy all withholding requirements. The Optionee shall also make arrangements satisfactory to the Company
to enable it to satisfy any withholding requirements that may arise in connection with the disposition of Shares purchased by exercising this option. 

SECTION 5. PAYMENT FOR STOCK. 

(a)
Cash. All or part of the Purchase Price may be paid in cash or cash equivalents. 

(b) Surrender of Stock. At the discretion
of the Board of Directors, all or any part of the Purchase Price may be paid by surrendering, or attesting to the ownership of, Shares that are already owned by the Optionee. Such Shares shall be surrendered to the Company in good form for transfer
and shall be valued at their Fair Market Value as of the date when this option is exercised. 

(c) Exercise/Sale. All or part of the
Purchase Price and any withholding taxes may be paid by the delivery (on a form prescribed by the Company) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker approved by the Company to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to
the Company. However, payment pursuant to this Subsection (c) shall be permitted only if (i) Stock then is publicly traded and (ii) such payment does not violate applicable law. 

2 

SECTION 6. TERM AND EXPIRATION. 

(a) Basic Term. This option shall in any event expire on the expiration date set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, which date
is 10 years after the Date of Grant (five years after the Date of Grant if this option is designated as an ISO in the Notice of Stock Option Grant and Section 3(b) of the Plan applies). 

(b) Termination of Service (Except by Death). If the Optionees Service terminates for any reason other than death, then this
option shall expire on the earliest of the following occasions: 

(i) The expiration date determined pursuant to Subsection
(a) above; 

(ii) The date three months after the termination of the Optionees Service for any reason other than
Disability; or 

(iii) The date six months after the termination of the Optionees Service by reason of Disability.

The Optionee may exercise all or part of this option at any time before its expiration under the preceding sentence, but only to the extent that this
option had become exercisable before the Optionees Service terminated. When the Optionees Service terminates, this option shall expire immediately with respect to the number of Shares for which this option is not yet exercisable. In the
event that the Optionee dies after termination of Service but before the expiration of this option, all or part of this option may be exercised (prior to expiration) by the executors or administrators of the Optionees estate or by any person
who has acquired this option directly from the Optionee by beneficiary designation, bequest or inheritance, but only to the extent that this option had become exercisable before the Optionees Service terminated. 

(c) Death of the Optionee. If the Optionee dies while in Service, then this option shall expire on the earlier of the following dates:

(i) The expiration date determined pursuant to Subsection (a) above; or 

(ii) The date 12 months after the Optionees death. 

All or part of this option may be exercised at any time before its expiration under the preceding sentence by the executors or administrators of the
Optionees estate or by any person who has acquired this option directly from the Optionee by beneficiary designation, bequest or inheritance, but only to the extent that this option had become exercisable before the Optionees death. When
the Optionee dies, this option shall expire immediately with respect to the number of Shares for which this option is not yet exercisable. 

3 

(d) Part-Time Employment and Leaves of Absence. If the Optionee commences working on
a part-time basis, then the Company may adjust the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. If the Optionee goes on a leave of absence, then the Company may adjust the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Stock Option
Grant in accordance with the Companys leave of absence policy or the terms of such leave. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, Service shall be deemed to continue for any purpose under this Agreement while the Optionee is on a bona
fide leave of absence, if (i) such leave was approved by the Company in writing and (ii) continued crediting of Service for such purpose is expressly required by the terms of such leave or by applicable law (as determined by the
Company). Service shall be deemed to terminate when such leave ends, unless the Optionee immediately returns to active work. 

(e) Notice
Concerning ISO Treatment. Even if this option is designated as an ISO in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, it ceases to qualify for favorable tax treatment as an ISO to the extent that it is exercised: 

(i) More than three months after the date when the Optionee ceases to be an Employee for any reason other than death or
permanent and total disability (as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code); 

(ii) More than 12 months after the date
when the Optionee ceases to be an Employee by reason of permanent and total disability (as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code); or 

(iii) More than three months after the date when the Optionee has been on a leave of absence for 90 days, unless the
Optionees reemployment rights following such leave were guaranteed by statute or by contract. 

SECTION 7. RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. 

(a) Right of First Refusal. In the event that the Optionee proposes to sell, pledge or otherwise transfer to a third party any Shares
acquired under this Agreement, or any interest in such Shares, the Company shall have the Right of First Refusal with respect to all (and not less than all) of such Shares. If the Optionee desires to transfer Shares acquired under this Agreement,
the Optionee shall give a written Transfer Notice to the Company describing fully the proposed transfer, including the number of Shares proposed to be transferred, the proposed transfer price, the name and address of the proposed Transferee and
proof satisfactory to the Company that the proposed sale or transfer will not violate any applicable federal, State or foreign securities laws. The Transfer Notice shall be signed both by the Optionee and by the proposed Transferee and must
constitute a binding commitment of both parties to the transfer of the Shares. The Company shall have the right to purchase all, and not less than all, of the Shares on the terms of the proposal described in the Transfer Notice (subject, however, to
any change in such terms permitted under Subsection (b) below) by delivery of a notice of exercise of the Right of First Refusal within 30 days after the date when the Transfer Notice was received by the Company. 

4 

(b) Transfer of Shares. If the Company fails to exercise its Right of First Refusal
within 30 days after the date when it received the Transfer Notice, the Optionee may, not later than 90 days following receipt of the Transfer Notice by the Company, conclude a transfer of the Shares subject to the Transfer Notice on the terms and
conditions described in the Transfer Notice, provided that any such sale is made in compliance with applicable federal, State and foreign securities laws and not in violation of any other contractual restrictions to which the Optionee is bound. Any
proposed transfer on terms and conditions different from those described in the Transfer Notice, as well as any subsequent proposed transfer by the Optionee, shall again be subject to the Right of First Refusal and shall require compliance with the
procedure described in Subsection (a) above. If the Company exercises its Right of First Refusal, the parties shall consummate the sale of the Shares on the terms set forth in the Transfer Notice within 60 days after the date when the Company
received the Transfer Notice (or within such longer period as may have been specified in the Transfer Notice); provided, however, that in the event the Transfer Notice provided that payment for the Shares was to be made in a form other than cash or
cash equivalents paid at the time of transfer, the Company shall have the option of paying for the Shares with cash or cash equivalents equal to the present value of the consideration described in the Transfer Notice. 

(c) Additional or Exchanged Securities and Property. In the event of a merger or consolidation of the Company, a sale of all or
substantially all of the Companys stock or assets, any other corporate reorganization, a stock split, the declaration of a stock dividend, the declaration of an extraordinary dividend payable in a form other than stock, a spin-off, an adjustment in conversion ratio, a recapitalization or a similar transaction affecting the Companys outstanding securities, any securities or other property (including cash or cash equivalents)
that are by reason of such transaction exchanged for, or distributed with respect to, any Shares subject to this Section 7 shall immediately be subject to the Right of First Refusal. Appropriate adjustments to reflect the exchange or
distribution of such securities or property shall be made to the number and/or class of the Shares subject to this Section 7. 

(d)
Termination of Right of First Refusal. Any other provision of this Section 7 notwithstanding, in the event that the Stock is readily tradable on an established securities market when the Optionee desires to transfer Shares, the Company
shall have no Right of First Refusal, and the Optionee shall have no obligation to comply with the procedures prescribed by Subsections (a) and (b) above. 

(e) Permitted Transfers. This Section 7 shall not apply to (i) a transfer by beneficiary designation, will or intestate
succession or (ii) a transfer to one or more members of the Optionees Immediate Family or to a trust established by the Optionee for the benefit of the Optionee and/or one or more members of the Optionees Immediate Family, provided
in either case that the Transferee agrees in writing on a form prescribed by the Company to be bound by all provisions of this Agreement. If the Optionee transfers any Shares acquired under this Agreement, either under this Subsection (e) or
after the Company has failed to exercise the Right of First Refusal, then this Agreement shall apply to the Transferee to the same extent as to the Optionee. 

(f) Termination of Rights as Stockholder. If the Company makes available, at the time and place and in the amount and form provided in
this Agreement, the consideration for the Shares to be purchased in accordance with this Section 7, then after such time the person from whom such Shares are to be purchased shall no longer have any rights as a holder of such Shares (other than
the right to receive payment of such consideration in accordance with this Agreement). Such Shares shall be deemed to have been purchased in accordance with the applicable provisions hereof, whether or not the certificate(s) therefor have been
delivered as required by this Agreement. 

5 

(g) Assignment of Right of First Refusal. The Board of Directors may freely assign
the Companys Right of First Refusal, in whole or in part. Any person who accepts an assignment of the Right of First Refusal from the Company shall assume all of the Companys rights and obligations under this Section 7. 

SECTION 8. LEGALITY OF INITIAL ISSUANCE. 

No Shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this option unless and until the Company has determined that: 

(a) It and the Optionee have taken any actions required to register the Shares under the Securities Act or to perfect an
exemption from the registration requirements thereof; 

(b) Any applicable listing requirement of any stock exchange or
other securities market on which Stock is listed has been satisfied; and 

(c) Any other applicable provision of federal,
State or foreign law has been satisfied. 

SECTION 9. NO REGISTRATION RIGHTS. 

The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, register or qualify the sale of Shares under the Securities Act or any other applicable law.
The Company shall not be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the sale of Shares under this Agreement to comply with any law. 

SECTION 10. RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF SHARES. 

(a) Securities Law Restrictions. Regardless of whether the offering and sale of Shares under the Plan have been registered under the
Securities Act or have been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any State, the Company at its discretion may impose restrictions upon the sale, pledge or other transfer of such Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends
on stock certificates or the imposition of stop-transfer instructions) if, in the judgment of the Company, such restrictions are necessary or desirable in order to achieve compliance with the Securities Act, the securities laws of any State or any
other law. 

(b) Market Stand-Off. In connection with any underwritten public offering by the
Company of its equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, including the Companys initial public offering, the Optionee or a Transferee shall not directly or indirectly sell, make any short
sale of, loan, hypothecate, pledge, offer, grant or sell any option or other contract for the purchase of, purchase any option or other contract for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or agree to engage in any of the foregoing
transactions with respect to, any Shares acquired under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company or its managing underwriter. Such restriction (the Market Stand-Off)

6 

shall be in effect for such period of time following the date of the final prospectus for the offering as may be requested by the Company or such underwriter. In no event, however, shall such
period exceed 180 days plus such additional period as may reasonably be requested by the Company or such underwriter to accommodate regulatory restrictions on (i) the publication or other distribution of research reports or (ii) analyst
recommendations and opinions, including (without limitation) the restrictions set forth in Rule 2711(f)(4) of the National Association of Securities Dealers and Rule 472(f)(4) of the New York Stock Exchange, as amended, or any similar successor
rules. The Market Stand-Off shall in any event terminate two years after the date of the Companys initial public offering. In the event of the declaration of a stock dividend, a spin-off, a stock split, an adjustment in conversion ratio, a recapitalization or a similar transaction affecting the Companys outstanding securities without receipt of consideration, any new, substituted or
additional securities which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any Shares subject to the Market Stand-Off, or into which such Shares thereby become convertible, shall immediately be
subject to the Market Stand-Off. In order to enforce the Market Stand-Off, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Shares acquired under
this Agreement until the end of the applicable stand-off period. The Companys underwriters shall be beneficiaries of the agreement set forth in this Subsection (b). This Subsection (b) shall not apply to Shares registered in the public
offering under the Securities Act. 

(c) Investment Intent at Grant. The Optionee represents and agrees that the Shares to be
acquired upon exercising this option will be acquired for investment, and not with a view to the sale or distribution thereof. 

(d)
Investment Intent at Exercise. In the event that the sale of Shares under the Plan is not registered under the Securities Act but an exemption is available that requires an investment representation or other representation, the Optionee shall
represent and agree at the time of exercise that the Shares being acquired upon exercising this option are being acquired for investment, and not with a view to the sale or distribution thereof, and shall make such other representations as are
deemed necessary or appropriate by the Company and its counsel. 

(e) Legends. All certificates evidencing Shares purchased under
this Agreement shall bear the following legend: 

THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, ENCUMBERED OR
IN ANY MANNER DISPOSED OF, EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS OF A WRITTEN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THE SHARES (OR THE PREDECESSOR IN INTEREST TO THE SHARES). SUCH AGREEMENT GRANTS TO THE COMPANY CERTAIN RIGHTS OF
FIRST REFUSAL UPON AN ATTEMPTED TRANSFER OF THE SHARES. THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY WILL UPON WRITTEN REQUEST FURNISH A COPY OF SUCH AGREEMENT TO THE HOLDER HEREOF WITHOUT CHARGE. 

All certificates evidencing Shares purchased under this Agreement in an unregistered transaction shall bear the following legend (and such other restrictive
legends as are required or deemed advisable under the provisions of any applicable law): 

7 

THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION THEREOF UNDER SUCH ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL, THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

(f) Removal of Legends. If, in the opinion of the Company and its counsel, any legend placed on a stock certificate representing
Shares sold under this Agreement is no longer required, the holder of such certificate shall be entitled to exchange such certificate for a certificate representing the same number of Shares but without such legend. 

(g) Administration. Any determination by the Company and its counsel in connection with any of the matters set forth in this
Section 10 shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and all other persons. 

SECTION 11. ADJUSTMENT OF SHARES. 

In the event of any transaction described in Section 8(a) of the Plan, the terms of this option (including, without limitation, the number
and kind of Shares subject to this option and the Exercise Price) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 8(a) of the Plan. In the event that the Company is a party to a merger or consolidation or in the event of a sale of all or
substantially all of the Companys stock or assets, this option shall be subject to the treatment provided by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, as provided in Section 8(b) of the Plan. 

SECTION 12. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 

(a) Rights as a Stockholder. Neither the Optionee nor the Optionees representative shall have any rights as a stockholder with
respect to any Shares subject to this option until the Optionee or the Optionees representative becomes entitled to receive such Shares by filing a notice of exercise and paying the Purchase Price pursuant to Sections 4 and 5. 

(b) No Retention Rights. Nothing in this option or in the Plan shall confer upon the Optionee any right to continue in Service for any
period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining the Optionee) or of the Optionee, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to
terminate his or her Service at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. 

(c) Notice. Any notice required by the terms of
this Agreement shall be given in writing. It shall be deemed effective upon (i) personal delivery, (ii) deposit with the United States Postal Service, by registered or certified mail, with postage and fees prepaid or (iii) deposit with
Federal Express Corporation, with shipping charges prepaid. Notice shall be addressed to the Company at its principal executive office and to the Optionee at the address that he or she most recently provided to the Company in accordance with this
Subsection (c). 

8 

(d) Modifications and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified,
waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Optionee and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Optionee). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance
with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 

(e) Entire Agreement. The Notice of Stock Option Grant, this Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties
hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. They supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) that relate to the subject matter hereof. 

(f) Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, as such
laws are applied to contracts entered into and performed in such State. 

SECTION 13. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS OF THE OPTIONEE. 

(a) Tax Consequences. The Optionee agrees that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other
compensation programs in a manner that minimizes the Optionees tax liabilities. The Optionee shall not make any claim against the Company or its Board of Directors, officers or employees related to tax liabilities arising from this option or
the Optionees other compensation. In particular, the Optionee acknowledges that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the Code only if the Exercise Price is at least equal to the Fair Market Value per Share on the Date of Grant.
Since Shares are not traded on an established securities market, the determination of their Fair Market Value is made by the Board of Directors or by an independent valuation firm retained by the Company. The Optionee acknowledges that there is no
guarantee in either case that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the valuation, and the Optionee shall not make any claim against the Company or its Board of Directors, officers or employees in the event that the Internal Revenue Service
asserts that the valuation was too low. 

(b) Electronic Delivery of Documents. The Optionee agrees to accept by email all documents
relating to the Company, the Plan or this option and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including, without limitation, disclosures that may be required by the Securities and Exchange Commission). The
Optionee also agrees that the Company may deliver these documents by posting them on a website maintained by the Company or by a third party under contract with the Company. If the Company posts these documents on a website, it shall notify the
Optionee by email of their availability. The Optionee acknowledges that he or she may incur costs in connection with electronic delivery, including the cost of accessing the internet and printing fees, and that an interruption of internet access may
interfere with his or her ability to access the documents. This consent shall remain in effect until this option expires or until the Optionee gives the Company written notice that it should deliver paper documents. 

(c) No Notice of Expiration Date. The Optionee agrees that the Company and its officers, employees, attorneys and agents do not have any
obligation to notify him or her prior to the expiration of this option pursuant to Section 6, regardless of whether this option will expire at the end of its full term or on an earlier date related to the termination of the Optionees
Service. The Optionee further agrees that he or she has the sole responsibility for monitoring the expiration of this option and for exercising this option, if at all, before it expires. This Subsection (c) shall supersede any contrary
representation that may have been made, orally or in writing, by the Company or by an officer, employee, attorney or agent of the Company. 

9 

SECTION 14. DEFINITIONS. 

(a) Agreement shall mean this Stock Option Agreement. 

(b) Board of Directors shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time or, if a Committee
has been appointed, such Committee. 

(c) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(d) Committee shall mean a committee of the Board of Directors, as described in Section 2 of the Plan. 

(e) Company shall mean Blaize, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

(f) Consultant shall mean a person, excluding Employees and Outside Directors, who performs bona fide services for the
Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary as a consultant or advisor and who qualifies as a consultant or advisor under Rule 701(c)(1) of the Securities Act or under Instruction A.1.(a)(1) of Form S-8 under the
Securities Act. 

(g) Date of Grant shall mean the date of grant specified in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, which
date shall be the later of (i) the date on which the Board of Directors resolved to grant this option or (ii) the first day of the Optionees Service. 

(h) Disability shall mean that the Optionee is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any
medically determinable physical or mental impairment. 

(i) Employee shall mean any individual who is a common-law employee of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary. 

(j) Exercise Price
shall mean the amount for which one Share may be purchased upon exercise of this option, as specified in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. 

(k) Fair Market Value shall mean the fair market value of a Share, as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith.
Such determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. 

(l) Immediate Family shall mean any child,
stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law,father-in-law,son-in-law,daughter-in- law, brother-in-law or
sister-in-law and shall include adoptive relationships. 

(m) ISO shall mean an employee incentive stock option described in Section 422(b) of the Code. 

10 

(n) Notice of Stock Option Grant shall mean the document so entitled to
which this Agreement is attached. 

(o) NSO shall mean a stock option not described in Section 422(b) or 423(b) of
the Code. 

(p) Optionee shall mean the person named in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. 

(q) Outside Director shall mean a member of the Board of Directors who is not an Employee. 

(r) Parent shall mean any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company,
if each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 

(s) Plan shall mean the Blaize, Inc. 2011 Stock Plan, as in effect on the Date of Grant. 

(t) Purchase Price shall mean the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Shares with respect to which this option is
being exercised. 

(u) Right of First Refusal shall mean the Companys right of first refusal described in
Section 7. 

(v) Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(w) Service shall mean service as an Employee, Outside Director or Consultant. 

(x) Share shall mean one share of Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 8 of the Plan (if applicable). 

(y) Stock shall mean the Common Stock of the Company. 

(z) Subsidiary shall mean any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the
Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 

(aa) Transferee shall mean any person to whom the Optionee has directly or indirectly transferred any Share acquired under
this Agreement. 

(bb) Transfer Notice shall mean the notice of a proposed transfer of Shares described in
Section 7. 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>d903961dex108.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.8
<TEXT>
EX-10.8

Exhibit 10.8 

BLAIZE, INC. 

2011 STOCK PLAN

NOTICEOF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD

You (Recipient) have been granted Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) representing shares of the Common Stock of Blaize, Inc.
(the Company) on the following terms: 

Name of Recipient: ###PARTICIPANT_NAME###

Total Number of RSUs Granted: ###TOTAL_AWARDS###

Date of Grant: ###GRANT_DATE###

Vesting Commencement Date: ###ALTERNATIVE_VEST_BASE_DATE###

Expiration Date: The Expiration Date shall be the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of your termination of Service for any reason, and (ii) ###EXPIRY_DATE###.1

Vesting: You will receive a benefit with respect to a RSU only if it vests. Two vesting requirements must be satisfied on or before the Expiration Date specified above in order for a RSU to vest: (i) a requirement that you provide
Service over the period of time set forth in Service-Based Requirement below and (ii) a requirement that the Company complete an IPO, SPAC IPO, Direct Listing or Sale Event as set forth in Liquidity Event Requirement
below. Your RSUs will not vest (in whole or in part) if only one (or if neither) of such requirements is satisfied on or before the Expiration Date. The Vesting Date of a RSU will be the first date on or before the Expiration Date
upon which both the Service-Based Requirement and the Liquidity Event Requirement are satisfied with respect to that particular RSU.

Service-Based Requirement: The Service-Based Requirement will be satisfied in installments as to the RSUs as follows: with respect to 1/12th of the total number of RSUs on each quarterly anniversary of the
Vesting Commencement Date set forth above, subject to your continuous Service through the applicable vesting date.

1 

Outside Date to be fifth anniversary of the Date of Grant. 

Liquidity Event Requirement: The Liquidity Event Requirement will be satisfied (as to any then-outstanding RSUs that have not previously been terminated pursuant to Section 2 of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement) on the earliest to occur of (i) an
IPO, (ii) a SPAC IPO, (iii) a Direct Listing or (iv) a Sale Event.

Settlement: Settlement of RSUs refers to the issuance of Shares once the award is vested. If a RSU vests as a result of satisfaction of both applicable vesting requirements as described above, the Company will deliver one Share for such RSU at
the time of settlement specified in Section 4 of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.

By signing below or otherwise accepting this award in a manner acceptable to the Company, you and the Company agree that
these RSUs are granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award, the 2011 Stock Plan (the Plan) and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. These latter two documents are attached
to, and made a part of, this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein or in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. You hereby acknowledge that the vesting of the
RSUs pursuant to this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award is conditioned on the satisfaction of the Service-Based Requirement and the occurrence, on or before the Expiration Date, of an IPO, SPAC IPO, Direct Listing or Sale Event. You shall have
no right with respect to the RSUs to the extent an IPO, SPAC IPO, Direct Listing or Sale Event does not occur on or before the Expiration Date (regardless of the extent to which the Service- Based Requirement was satisfied).
Section 10 of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement also includes important acknowledgements.

BLAIZE, INC.

By: 

/s/ Dinakar Munagala

Name: Dinakar Munagala

Title: CEO

THE RSUS GRANTED PURSUANT TO THE NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AND THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SHARES
ISSUABLE THEREUNDER HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION THEREOF UNDER SUCH ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE
COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL, THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

BLAIZE, INC. 

2011 STOCK PLAN

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

SECTION 1. GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. 

(a) Grant. On the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award and this Agreement, the Company grants to
you on the Date of Grant the number of RSUs set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award. Each RSU represents the right to receive one Share on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

(b) Consideration. No payment is required for the RSUs that have been granted to you. 

(c) Nature of Units; No Rights As a Stockholder. Your RSUs are mere bookkeeping entries and represent only the Companys unfunded
and unsecured promise to issue Shares on a future date under specified conditions. As a holder of RSUs, you have no rights other than the rights of a general creditor of the Company. Your RSUs carry neither voting rights nor rights to cash
dividends. You have no rights as a stockholder of the Company unless and until your RSUs are settled pursuant to Section 4. 

(d)
Stock Plan and Defined Terms. Your RSUs are granted pursuant to the Plan, a copy of which you acknowledge having received. The provisions of the Plan are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. Certain capitalized terms are
defined in Section 11 of this Agreement. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein or in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 

SECTION 2. VESTING. 

(a)
Generally. The RSUs vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award. You will receive a benefit with respect to a RSU only if both the Service-Based Requirement and the Liquidity Event
Requirement are satisfied on or before the Expiration Date. Your RSUs will not vest (in whole or in part) if only one (or if neither) of such requirements is satisfied on or before the Expiration Date. 

(b) Termination of Service. If your Service terminates for any reason, all RSUs as to
which the Service-Based Requirement has not been satisfied as of your termination date shall automatically terminate and be cancelled. You will not satisfy the Service-Based Requirement for any additional RSUs after your Service has terminated for
any reason. Upon your termination of Service, any RSUs as to which the Service-Based Requirement has been satisfied will (if an IPO, SPAC IPO, Direct Listing or Sale Event had not yet occurred) remain outstanding until the first to occur of the
satisfaction of the Liquidity Event Requirement or the Expiration Date. 

(c) Expiration of RSUs. If an IPO, SPAC IPO, Direct Listing
or Sale Event does not occur on or before the Expiration Date set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award, all RSUs (regardless of whether or not, or the extent to which, the Service-Based Requirement had been satisfied as to such RSUs)
shall automatically terminate and be cancelled upon such date. Upon a termination of one or more RSUs pursuant to this Section 2, you will have no further right with respect to such RSUs or the Shares previously allocated thereto. 

(d) Part-Time Employment and Leaves of Absence. If you commence working on a part-time basis, then the Company may adjust the
Service-Based Requirement set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award. If you go on a leave of absence, then, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company may adjust or suspend the Service-Based Requirement set forth in the
Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, Service shall be deemed to continue for any purpose under this Agreement while you are on a bona fide leave of absence approved by the Company in writing.
Service shall be deemed to terminate when such leave ends, unless you immediately return to active work when such leave ends. 

SECTION 3. RESTRICTIONS
APPLICABLE TO RSUS. 

Except as otherwise provided in or pursuant to this Agreement or the Plan, these RSUs and the rights and
privileges conferred hereby shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of by you prior to the settlement of the RSUs. However, you may designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall
thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of Shares to which you were entitled at the time of your death pursuant to this Agreement by delivering a written beneficiary designation to the Companys headquarters on the prescribed form
before your death. If you deliver no such beneficiary designation or if your designated beneficiaries do not survive you, your estate will receive payments in respect of any vested RSUs. 

SECTION 4. SETTLEMENT OF RSUS. 

(a)
Settlement. The Company shall settle each vested RSU by delivering either (i) one Share, (ii) a cash amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share at the time of settlement (less Withholding Taxes), or (iii) a combination of
cash and Shares, as determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. Settlement shall occur on or following the Vesting Date, but not later than the Short Term Deferral End Date. In no event will you be permitted, directly or indirectly,
to specify the taxable year of settlement of any RSUs subject to this award. 

(b) Form of Delivery. The form of any delivery of Shares (e.g., a stock certificate
or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company. 

(c) Legality of Issuance. No Shares shall be issued
to you upon settlement of these RSUs unless and until the Company has determined that (i) you and the Company have taken any actions required to register the Shares under the Securities Act or to perfect an exemption from the registration
requirements thereof; (ii) any applicable listing requirement of any stock exchange or other securities market on which Stock is listed has been satisfied; and (iii) any other applicable provision of federal, State or foreign law has been
satisfied. The Company shall have no liability to issue Shares in respect of the RSUs unless it is able to do so in compliance with applicable law. 

SECTION 5. TAXES. 

(a) Withholding
Taxes. No consideration will be paid to you in respect of this award unless you have made arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Parent or Subsidiary employing you (your Employer) for the payment of all applicable
federal, State, local and foreign income and employment withholding taxes which arise in connection with the vesting and/or settlement of these RSUs (the Withholding Taxes). To the extent that you fail to make such arrangements
with respect to these RSUs, then you will permanently forfeit such RSUs. At the discretion of the Company, these arrangements may include (i) withholding from other compensation or amounts that are owed to you by your Employer,
(ii) payment in cash, (iii) if the Stock is publicly traded, payment from the proceeds of the sale of shares through a Company- approved broker, (iv) withholding a number of Shares that otherwise would be issued to you when the RSUs
are settled, or (v) any other method permitted by the Company. If the Withholding Taxes are satisfied pursuant to clause (iv), you will be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the RSUs and the Fair Market Value of the
withheld Shares, determined as of the date when taxes otherwise would have been withheld in cash, will be applied to the Withholding Taxes and such amount will be remitted to appropriate tax authorities by the Company or your Employer. You
acknowledge that the responsibility for all Withholding Taxes is yours and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or your Employer. 

(b) Section 409A. The settlement of these RSUs is intended to be exempt from the application of Code Section 409A pursuant to the
short-term deferral exemption in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4) and shall be administered and interpreted in a manner that complies with such exemption. To the extent that any provision of this
Agreement is ambiguous as to its exemption from Code Section 409A, the provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder are exempt from Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this award of RSUs is
interpreted as not being exempt from Code Section 409A, it shall be interpreted to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that this award is not subject to additional tax or interest under Code Section 409A. In this
regard, to the extent necessary to comply with or qualify for an exemption from Code Section 409A, any reference to termination of employment or similar terms will mean your separation from service within the meaning of
Code Section 409A(2)(A)(i) (a Separation). In addition, if this award is payable upon your Separation and you are a specified employee of the Company or any affiliate thereof within the meaning of Code
Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) on the day of your Separation, then no such payment shall be made prior to the date that is the earlier of (i) six months and one day after your Separation, or (ii) your death, but only to the extent such
delay is necessary so that this award is not subject to additional tax or interest under Code Section 409A. Each installment of your RSUs that vests is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. 

SECTION 6. [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED.] 

SECTION 7. RESTRICTIONS APPLICABLE TO SHARES. 

(a) General Restrictions. Unless the Stock is readily tradeable on an established securities market, the transfer of any of the Shares
acquired pursuant to this Agreement (or any interest therein) shall, at the Companys request, be condition upon (i) effecting such transfer pursuant to a form of stock transfer agreement prescribed by the Company and (ii) payment of
a transfer fee not to exceed $5,000. 

(b) Securities Law Restrictions. Regardless of whether the offering and sale of Shares under
the Plan have been registered under the Securities Act or have been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any State or other relevant jurisdiction, the Company at its discretion may impose restrictions upon the sale, pledge or other
transfer of such Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on the stock certificates (or electronic equivalent) or the imposition of stop-transfer instructions) and may refuse (or may be required to refuse) to transfer Shares acquired
hereunder (or Shares proposed to be transferred in a subsequent transfer) if, in the judgment of the Company, such restrictions, legends or refusal are necessary or appropriate to achieve compliance with the Securities Act or other relevant
securities or other laws, including without limitation under Regulation S of the Securities Act or pursuant to another available exemption from registration. You (or the beneficiary or your personal representative in the event of your death or
incapacity, as the case may be) shall deliver to the Company any representations or other documents or assurances as the Company may deem necessary or reasonably desirable to ensure compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

(c) Market Stand-Off. In connection with any underwritten public offering by the Company of
its equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, including the Companys initial public offering, you or a Transferee shall not directly or indirectly sell, make any short sale of, loan,
hypothecate, pledge, offer, grant or sell any option or other contract for the purchase of, purchase any option or other contract for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or agree to engage in any of the foregoing transactions with
respect to, any Shares acquired under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company or its managing underwriter. Such restriction (the Market Stand-Off) shall be in effect
for such period of time following the date of the public filing of the registration statement relating to the initial public offering (or commencing on the date of the final prospectus relating to any subsequent offering) as may be requested by the
Company or such underwriter. In no event, however, shall such period exceed 180 days. The Market Stand-Off shall in any event terminate two years after the date of the Companys initial public offering.
In the event of the declaration of a stock dividend, a spin-off, a stock split, an adjustment in conversion ratio, a recapitalization or a similar transaction affecting the Companys outstanding
securities without receipt of consideration, any new, substituted or additional securities which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any Shares subject to the Market Stand-Off, or
into which such Shares thereby become convertible, shall immediately be subject to the Market Stand-Off. In order to enforce the Market Stand-Off, the Company may impose
stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Shares acquired under this Agreement until the end of the applicable stand-off period. The Companys underwriters shall be beneficiaries of the agreement set
forth in this Section 7(c). This Section 7(c) shall not apply to Shares registered in the public offering under the Securities Act. 

(d) Investment Intent at Grant. You represent and agree that the Shares to be
acquired upon settlement of these RSUs will be acquired for investment, and not with a view to the sale or distribution thereof. 

(e)
Investment Intent at Settlement. In the event that the sale of Shares under the Plan is not registered under the Securities Act but an exemption is available that requires an investment representation or other representation, you shall
represent and agree at the time of issuance that the Shares being acquired upon settlement of these RSUs are being acquired for investment, and not with a view to the sale or distribution thereof, and shall make such other representations as are
deemed necessary or appropriate by the Company and its counsel, including, at the time of settlement, such representations as required by Regulation S of the Securities Act (if the Company is relying on such exemption). 

(f) Rights of the Company. The Company shall not be required to (i) transfer on its books any Shares that have been sold or
transferred in contravention of this Agreement or (ii) treat as the owner of Shares, or otherwise to accord voting, dividend or liquidation rights to, any Transferee to whom the Shares have been transferred in contravention of this Agreement. 

(g) Legends. All certificates evidencing the Shares issued under this Agreement shall bear the following legend: 

THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY (AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN) MAY NOT BE SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, ENCUMBERED OR IN ANY MANNER DISPOSED OF,
EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO WHICH SUCH SHARES WERE ACQUIRED. SUCH AGREEMENT GRANTS TO THE COMPANY CERTAIN RIGHTS OF FIRST REFUSAL UPON AN ATTEMPTED TRANSFER OF THE SHARES. IN ADDITION, THE
SHARES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AS SET FORTH IN SUCH RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT. THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY WILL UPON WRITTEN REQUEST FURNISH A COPY OF SUCH RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT TO THE HOLDER HEREOF WITHOUT
CHARGE. 

All certificates evidencing Shares issued under this Agreement in an unregistered transaction shall bear the following legend (and such
other restrictive legends as are required or deemed advisable under the provisions of any applicable law): 

THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT) OR ANY SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY U.S. STATE, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, REOFFERED, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED OR DISPOSED OF WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION THEREOF UNDER SUCH ACT OR AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL, THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OR THE AVAILABILITY (CONFIRMED BY OPINION OF COUNSEL) OF AN ALTERNATIVE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT
(INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE ACT), THESE SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD, REOFFERED, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED OR DISPOSED OF. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SHARES MAY NOT BE
CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ACT. 

(h) Removal of Legends. If, in the opinion of the Company and its counsel, any
legend placed on a stock certificate representing Shares issued under this Agreement is no longer required, the holder of such certificate shall be entitled to exchange such certificate for a certificate representing the same number of Shares but
without such legend. 

(i) Administration. Any determination by the Company and its counsel in connection with any of the matters set
forth in this Section 7 shall be conclusive and binding on you and all other persons. 

SECTION 8. ADJUSTMENT OF SHARES. 

In the event of any transaction described in Section 8(a) of the Plan, the terms of these RSUs (including, without limitation, the number
and kind of shares subject to these RSUs) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 8(a) of the Plan. In the event that the Company is a party to a merger or consolidation or in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of the
Companys stock or assets, your RSUs shall be subject to the treatment provided by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, as provided in Section 8(b) of the Plan; provided, however, that any action taken must either preserve the
exemption of your RSUs from Code Section 409A or comply with Code Section 409A. Any additional RSUs and any new, substituted or additional shares, cash or other property that become subject to this award as a result of any such transaction
shall be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as applicable to the RSUs to which they relate. 

SECTION 9. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 

(a) No Retention Rights. Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon you the right to remain in Service in any capacity
for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining you) or you, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate your
Service at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. 

(b) Notice. Any notice required by the terms of this Agreement shall
be given in writing. It shall be deemed effective upon (i) personal delivery, (ii) deposit with the United States Postal Service, by registered or certified mail, with postage and fees prepaid, (iii) deposit with Federal Express
Corporation, with shipping charges prepaid or (iv) deposit with any internationally recognized express mail courier service, with shipping charges prepaid. Notice shall be addressed to the Company at its principal executive office and to you at
the address that you most recently provided to the Company in accordance with this Section 9(b). In addition, to the extent required or permitted pursuant to rules established by the Company from time to time, notices may be delivered
electronically. 

(c) Modifications and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified,
waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by you and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than you). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any
condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 

(d) Entire Agreement. The Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award, this Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between
you and the Company regarding the subject matter hereof. They supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) that relate to the subject matter hereof. 

(e) Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, as such
laws are applied to contracts entered into and performed in such State. 

(f) Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this
Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to
the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 

(g) Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided to the contrary, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and assigns and be binding upon you and your legal representatives, heirs, legatees, distributees, assigns and transferees by operation of law, whether or not any such person has become
a party to this Agreement or has agreed in writing to join herein and to be bound by the terms, conditions and restrictions hereof. 

SECTION 10.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS. 

In addition to the other terms, conditions and restrictions imposed on your RSUs and the Shares issuable upon
settlement of your RSUs pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan, you expressly acknowledge being subject to Section 7 (Restrictions Applicable to Shares, including without limitation the Market
Stand-Off), as well as the following provisions: 

(a) Tax Consequences. You acknowledge that
there will be tax consequences upon vesting and/or settlement of the RSUs and/or disposition of the Shares, if any, received hereunder, and you should consult a tax adviser regarding your tax obligations prior to such event. You acknowledge that the
Company is not providing any tax, legal, or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan or acquisition or sale of Shares subject to this award. You are hereby advised to consult with your
own personal 

tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan. You further acknowledge that the Company (i) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the tax treatment
of the award of RSUs, including, but not limited to the grant, vesting, or settlement of the RSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such RSUs, and the receipt of any dividends; and (ii) does not commit to and is under no obligation
to structure the terms of the grant of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate your tax liability or achieve any particular tax result. You agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the RSUs, the Plan or its other compensation
programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liability. You shall not make any claim against the Company or its Board of Directors, officers, or employees related to tax matters arising from this award or your other compensation. 

(b) Electronic Delivery of Documents. You acknowledge and agree that the Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver all documents
relating the Company, the Plan or these RSUs and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including, without limitation, disclosures that may be required by the Securities and Exchange Commission) by email
or other means of electronic transmission (including by posting them on a website maintained by the Company or a third party under contract with the Company). You acknowledge that you may incur costs in connection with any such delivery by means of
electronic transmission, including the cost of accessing the internet and printing fees, and that an interruption of internet access may interfere with his or her ability to access the documents. 

(c) Plan Discretionary. You understand and acknowledge that (i) the Plan is entirely discretionary, (ii) the Company and your
employer have reserved the right to amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time, (iii) the grant of the RSUs does not in any way create any contractual or other right to receive additional grants of RSUs (or benefits in lieu of RSUs) at
any time or in any amount and (iv) all determinations with respect to any additional grants, including (without limitation) the times when RSUs will be granted, the number of Shares offered, and the vesting schedule, will be at the sole
discretion of the Company. 

(d) Termination of Service. You understand and acknowledge that participation in the Plan ceases upon
termination of your Service for any reason, except as may explicitly be provided otherwise in the Plan or this Agreement. 

(e)
Extraordinary Compensation. The value of your RSUs and the Shares issuable thereunder shall be an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of your employment contract, if any, and shall not be considered a part of your normal or
expected compensation for purposes of calculating severance, resignation, redundancy or end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement
benefits or similar payments. 

(f) Authorization to Disclose. You hereby authorize and direct your employer to disclose to the
Company or any Subsidiary any information regarding your employment, the nature and amount of your compensation and the fact and conditions of your participation in the Plan, as your employer deems necessary or appropriate to facilitate the
administration of the Plan. 

(g) Personal Data Authorization. You consent to the collection, use and transfer of
personal data as described in this Subsection (g). You understand and acknowledge that the Company, your employer and the Companys other Subsidiaries hold certain personal information regarding you for the purpose of managing and administering
the Plan, including (without limitation) your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company and details of all RSUs or any other
entitlements to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor (the Data). You further understand and acknowledge that the Company and/or its Subsidiaries will transfer Data among themselves as
necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan and that the Company and/or any Subsidiary may each further transfer Data to any third party assisting the Company in the implementation,
administration and management of the Plan. You understand and acknowledge that the recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere. You authorize such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic
or other form, for the purpose of administering your participation in the Plan, including a transfer to any broker or other third party with whom you elect to deposit Shares acquired under the Plan of such Data as may be required for the
administration of the Plan and/or the subsequent holding of Shares on your behalf. You may, at any time, view the Data, require any necessary modifications of Data or withdraw the consents set forth in this Subsection (g) by contacting the
Company in writing. 

SECTION 11. DEFINITIONS. 

(a) Agreement means this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 

(b) Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time or, if a Committee has
been appointed, such Committee. 

(c) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(d) Company means Blaize, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

(e) Date of Grant means the date specified in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award, which date shall be the later of
(i) the date on which the Board of Directors resolved to grant these RSUs or (ii) your first date of Service. 

(f)
Direct Listing means the Companys initial listing and first day of trading of its Common Stock on a national securities exchange by means of an effective registration statement on Form
S-1 filed by this corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and Listing Date means the date on which the Companys Common Stock begins trading on a national securities
exchange. 

(g) Expiration Date means the expiration date of the RSUs as set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit
Award. 

(h) Immediate Family means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law,father-in-law,son-in-law,daughter-in- law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law and shall include adoptive relationships. 

(i) IPO means the first firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act covering the offer and sale by the Company of its equity securities, as a result of or following which the Shares shall be publicly held, and IPO Date means the date on which the IPO occurs. 

(j) Liquidity Event Requirement means the requirement that the Company
complete an IPO, SPAC IPO, Direct Listing or Sale Event as described in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award. 

(k)
Plan means the Blaize, Inc. 2011 Stock Plan, as may be amended from time to time. 

(l) RSUs means the
Restricted Stock Units granted to you by the Company as set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award. 

(m) Sale
Event means the consummation of the following transactions in which holders of Shares receive cash and/or marketable securities tradable on an established national or foreign securities exchange: (i) a sale of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company determined on a consolidated basis to an unrelated person or entity; (ii) a merger, reorganization, or consolidation involving the Company in which the shares of voting stock of the Company outstanding immediately
prior to such transaction represent or are converted into or exchanged for securities of the surviving or resulting entity immediately upon completion of such transaction which represent less than 50% of the outstanding voting power of such
surviving or resulting entity; or (iii) the acquisition of all or a majority of the outstanding voting stock of the Company in a single transaction or series of related transactions by a person or group of persons. For the avoidance of doubt,
an initial public offering, any subsequent public offering, another capital raising event, and a merger effected solely to change the Companys domicile shall not constitute a Sale Event. In addition, a transaction shall not
constitute a Sale Event unless such transaction also qualifies as an event under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v) (change in the ownership of a corporation), Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi) (change in the effective control of a corporation), or Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii) (change in the ownership of a
substantial portion of a corporations assets). 

(n) Service means service as an Employee, Consultant or Outside
Director. In the event of any dispute over whether and when Service has terminated, the Board of Directors shall have sole discretion to determine whether such termination has occurred and the effective date of such termination. 

(o) Service-Based Requirement means the requirement to provide Service over the period of time set forth in the Notice of
Restricted Stock Unit Award. 

(p) Short-Term Deferral End Date means the date that is the later of (i) two and one-half months following the end of the calendar year in which the Vesting Date applicable to a RSU occurs or (ii) two and one-half months following the end of the
Companys fiscal year in which the Vesting Date applicable to a RSU occurs. 

(q) SPAC IPO means the consummation of a business combination pursuant to
which the Company is merged into, or otherwise combines with, a special purpose acquisition company with securities listed on a national securities exchange, or a subsidiary thereof, and the shares of capital stock of the Company outstanding
immediately prior to such combination continue to represent, or are converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock that represent, immediately following such combination, at least a majority, by voting power, of the capital stock of
(i) the surviving or resulting corporation; or (ii) if the surviving or resulting corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of another corporation immediately following such combination or consolidation, the parent corporation of such
surviving or resulting corporation. 

(r) Transferee means any person to whom you have directly or indirectly transferred
any Shares acquired under this Agreement. 

(s) U.S. Person means a person described in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of
the Securities Act (or any successor rule or provision), which generally defines a U.S. person as any natural person resident in the United States, any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. Person, or any trust of which of any
trustee is a U.S. Person.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>d903961dex1011.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.11
<TEXT>
EX-10.11

Exhibit 10.11 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 13, 2025, is made and entered into by and
among Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) (formerly known as BurTech Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation), and certain former securityholders of Blaize, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Legacy
Blaize) set forth on Schedule I hereto (such persons, the Holders and each, a Holder). 

WHEREAS, the Company and Legacy Blaize are party to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 22, 2023, as
amended on April 22, 2024 (as it may be further amended or supplemented from time to time, the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company, BurTech Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company (Merger Sub), and Legacy Blaize, pursuant to which, among other things, on the date hereof, Merger Sub will merge with and into Legacy Blaize, with Legacy Blaize continuing on as the surviving entity and a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein (the Merger); 

WHEREAS, the Merger constitutes a SPAC Transaction; 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain
registration rights with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound,
hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

1.1Definitions. The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below: 

Additional Holder shall have the meaning given in Section 5.11. 

Additional Holder Common Stock shall have the meaning given in Section 5.11. 

Adverse Disclosure shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public
information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company or the Board, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be made
in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein
(in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed,
declared effective or used, as the case may be, and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public. 

Agent shall have the meaning given in Section 4.1.2. 

1 

Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto. 

Ava Warrant shall mean that certain Warrant, dated as of April 22, 2024, initially issued by Legacy Blaize to Ava Investors
SA, a socit anonyme incorporated under the laws of Switzerland. 

Block Trade means a registered
securities offering in which an underwriter agrees to purchase Registrable Securities without a prior public marketing process. 

Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Closing shall have the meaning given in the Merger Agreement. 

Closing Date shall have the meaning given in the Merger Agreement. 

Commission shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock shall mean the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. 

Company shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto and includes the Companys successors by recapitalization,
merger, consolidation, spin-off, reorganization or similar transaction. 

Demanding
Holder shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.4. 

Exchange Act shall mean the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time. 

Form S-1
Shelf shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.1. 

Form
S-3 Shelf shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.1. 

Holder Information shall have the meaning given in Section 4.1.3. 

Holders shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto, for so long as such person or entity holds any Registrable
Securities. 

Joinder shall have the meaning given in Section 5.11. 

Legacy Blaize shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto. 

Maximum Number of Securities shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.5. 

Merger shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto. 

Merger Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto. 

Merger Sub shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto. 

Minimum Takedown Threshold shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.4. 

Misstatement shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be
stated in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of a Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading. 

2 

Note Purchase Agreement shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Note
Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 22, 2024, by and among Legacy Blaize and certain lenders named on the schedule of lenders attached thereto. 

Permitted Transferees shall mean any person or entity to whom such Holder is permitted to transfer such Registrable
Securities, subject to and in accordance with any applicable agreement between such Holder and/or their respective Permitted Transferees and the Company and any transferee thereafter, including Section 5.2 of this
Agreement. 

Piggyback Registration shall have the meaning given in Section 2.2.1. 

Prospectus shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus
supplements and as amended by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus. 

Registrable Security shall mean (a) any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holders on account of Conversion Shares
(as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), Shares (as defined in the Ava Warrant) in connection with the Merger and any other securities of the Company otherwise held by any Holder; (b) any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise,
conversion or exchange of any other security of the Company held by a Holder immediately following the Closing (including any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of any other security of the Company distributed
or distributable pursuant to the Merger Agreement), (c) any Additional Holder Common Stock; and (d) any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to any securities referenced in clauses (a), (b) and (c) above by way of a stock
dividend or stock split or in connection with a recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, reorganization or similar transaction; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable
Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities upon the earliest to occur of: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities
shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement by the applicable Holder; (B) (i) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, (ii) new certificates for such securities
not bearing (or book-entry positions not subject to) a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and (iii) subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities
Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 or any successor rule promulgated under the Securities Act (but with no limitation as to volume or
manner of sale or the availability of current public information); and (E) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction. 

Registration shall mean a registration, including any related Shelf Takedown, effected by preparing and filing a
registration statement, Prospectus or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective. 

3 

Registration Expenses shall mean the reasonable documented, out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following: 

(A) all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, Inc.) and any national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed; 

(B) fees and expenses of compliance with
securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of outside counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities); 

(C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses; 

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company; 

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with
such Registration; and 

(F) in an Underwritten Offering, reasonable and documented fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by
the majority in interest of the Demanding Holders with the approval of the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) not to exceed $100,000 in the aggregate for the first such Registration and $50,000 for
any subsequent Registration. 

Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers Registrable
Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all
material incorporated by reference in such registration statement. 

Requesting Holders shall have the meaning given in
Section 2.1.5. 

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Shelf shall mean the Form S-1 Shelf, the Form
S-3 Shelf or any Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement, as the case may be. 

Shelf
Registration shall mean a registration of securities pursuant to a registration statement filed with the Commission in accordance with and pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule then in effect).

Shelf Takedown shall mean an Underwritten Shelf Takedown or any proposed transfer or sale using a Registration
Statement, including a Piggyback Registration. 

Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement shall have the meaning given in
Section 2.1.2. 

Transfer shall mean the (a) sale or assignment of, offer to sell,
contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to
or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic
consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or
(b). 

4 

Underwriter shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable
Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such dealers market-making activities. 

Underwritten
Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public or in a Block Trade. 

Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.4. 

Withdrawal Notice shall have the meaning given in Section 2.1.6. 

ARTICLE II 

REGISTRATIONS AND OFFERINGS 

2.1 Shelf Registration. 

2.1.1Filing. As promptly as practicable following the Closing Date (and in any event, within four (4) business days
thereof), the Company shall submit to or file with the Commission a Registration Statement for a Shelf Registration on Form S-1 (the Form S-1 Shelf)
or a Registration Statement for a Shelf Registration on Form S-3 (the Form S-3 Shelf), if the Company is then eligible to use a Form S-3 Shelf, in each case, covering the resale of all the Registrable Securities (determined as of two (2) business days prior to such submission or filing) on a delayed or continuous basis and shall use its
reasonable best efforts to have such Shelf declared effective as promptly as practicable after the filing thereof, but no later than the earlier of (a) the one hundred twentieth (120th) calendar day following the filing date thereof if the
Commission notifies the Company that it will review the Registration Statement and (b) the tenth (10th) business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that the
Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review. Such Shelf shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally
available to, and requested by, any Holder named therein. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to maintain a Shelf in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective
amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep a Shelf continuously effective, available for use to permit the Holders named therein to sell their Registrable Securities included therein and in compliance with the provisions of the
Securities Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities. Each Shelf shall contain (unless otherwise directed by the majority in interest of the Holders) a Plan of Distribution in substantially the form attached
hereto as Annex A. In the event the Company files a Form S-1 Shelf, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to convert the Form S-1 Shelf (and
any Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement) to a Form S-3 Shelf as soon as practicable after the Company is eligible to use Form S-3. The Companys obligation
under this Section 2.1.1, shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to Section 3.4. 

2.1.2Subsequent Shelf Registration. If any Shelf ceases to be effective under the Securities Act for any reason at any time
while Registrable Securities are still outstanding, the Company shall, subject to Section 3.4, use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably practicable cause such Shelf to again become effective
under the Securities Act (including using its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf), and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to as promptly as is reasonably
practicable amend such Shelf in a manner reasonably expected to result in the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf or file an additional registration statement as a Shelf Registration (a SubsequentShelf
Registration Statement) registering the resale of all Registrable Securities (determined as of two (2) business days prior to such filing), and pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available

5 

to, and requested by, any Holder named therein. If a Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement is filed, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause such Subsequent
Shelf Registration Statement to become effective under the Securities Act as promptly as is reasonably practicable after the filing thereof (it being agreed that the Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement shall be an automatic shelf registration
statement (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act) if the Company is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act) at the most recent applicable eligibility determination date) and
(ii) keep such Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective, available for use to permit the Holders named therein to sell their Registrable Securities included therein and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities
Act until such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities. Any such Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement shall be on Form S-3 to the extent that the Company is eligible to use such form.
Otherwise, such Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement shall be on another appropriate form. The Companys obligation under this Section 2.1.2, shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to Section 3.4.

2.1.3Additional Registrable Securities. Subject to Section 3.4, in the event that any Holder holds Registrable
Securities that are not registered for resale on a delayed or continuous basis, the Company, upon written request of a Holder, shall promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the resale of such Registrable Securities to be covered by
either, at the Companys option, any then available Shelf (including by means of a post-effective amendment) or by filing a Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement and cause the same to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing
and such Shelf or Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement shall be subject to the terms hereof; provided, however, that the Company shall only be required to cause such Registrable Securities to be so covered twice per calendar year for the
Holders. 

2.1.4Requests for Underwritten Shelf Takedowns. Subject to Section 3.4, at any time and
from time to time when an effective Shelf is on file with the Commission, a Holder (being in such case, a Demanding Holder) may request to sell all or any portion of its Registrable Securities in an Underwritten Offering that is
registered pursuant to the Shelf (each, an Underwritten Shelf Takedown); provided that the Company shall only be obligated to effect an Underwritten Shelf Takedown if such offering shall include Registrable Securities
proposed to be sold by the Demanding Holder, either individually or together with other Demanding Holders, with a total offering price reasonably expected to exceed, in the aggregate, $25 million (the Minimum Takedown
Threshold), net of all underwriting discounts and commissions. All requests for Underwritten Shelf Takedowns shall be made by giving written notice to the Company, which shall specify the approximate number of Registrable Securities
proposed to be sold in the Underwritten Shelf Takedown. The majority in interest of the Demanding Holders shall have the right to select the Underwriters for such offering (which shall consist of one or more reputable nationally recognized
investment banks), subject to the Companys prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). The Holders may not demand more than two (2) Underwritten Shelf Takedowns pursuant to this
Section 2.1.4 in any twelve (12) month period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company may effect any Underwritten Offering pursuant to any then effective Registration Statement,
including a Form S-3, that is then available for such offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if a Holder wishes to engage in an Underwritten Shelf Takedown that is a Block
Trade, (i) persons other than the Holders shall not be entitled to make a demand for, receive notice of, or elect to participate in, such Block Trade, and (ii) such Holder shall not be required to notify any other person of such Block
Trade or permit any other person to participate in such Block Trade. 

6 

2.1.5Reduction of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or
Underwriters in an Underwritten Shelf Takedown, in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Holders requesting piggy back rights pursuant to this Agreement with respect to such Underwritten Shelf Takedown (the
Requesting Holders) (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other shares of Common Stock
or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and all other shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, that have been requested to be sold in such Underwritten Offering pursuant to separate written contractual
piggy-back registration rights held by any other stockholders, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the
timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the MaximumNumber of Securities), then the Company shall
include in such Underwritten Offering, before including any shares of Common Stock or other equity securities proposed to be sold by Company or by other holders of Common Stock or other equity securities, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding
Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata (as nearly as practicable) based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Shelf
Takedown and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities. To
facilitate the allocation of Registrable Securities in accordance with the above provisions, the Company or the Underwriters may round the number of shares allocated to any Holder to the nearest 100 Registrable Securities. The Company shall not be
required to include any Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown unless the Holders accept the terms of the underwriting as agreed upon between the Company and its Underwriters. 

2.1.6Withdrawal. Prior to the filing of the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus supplement used for
marketing such Underwritten Shelf Takedown, a majority in interest of the Demanding Holders initiating an Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall have the right to withdraw from such Underwritten Shelf Takedown for any or no reason whatsoever upon written
notification (a WithdrawalNotice) to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Underwritten Shelf Takedown; provided that a Holder may elect to have the
Company continue an Underwritten Shelf Takedown if the Minimum Takedown Threshold would still be satisfied by the Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in the Underwritten Shelf Takedown by the Holders or any of their respective Permitted
Transferees, as applicable. If withdrawn, a demand for an Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall constitute a demand for an Underwritten Shelf Takedown by the withdrawing Demanding Holder for purposes of Section 2.1.4, unless
such Demanding Holder reimburses the Company for all Registration Expenses with respect to such Underwritten Shelf Takedown (or, if there is more than one Demanding Holder, a pro rata portion of such Registration Expenses based on the respective
number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Shelf Takedown); provided that, if a Holder elects to continue an Underwritten Shelf Takedown pursuant to the proviso in the
immediately preceding sentence, such Underwritten Shelf Takedown shall instead count as an Underwritten Shelf Takedown demanded by the applicable Holders for purposes of Section 2.1.4. Following the receipt of any
Withdrawal Notice, the Company shall promptly forward such Withdrawal Notice to any other Holders that had elected to participate in such Shelf Takedown. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible
for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Shelf Takedown prior to its withdrawal under this Section 2.1.6, other than if a withdrawing Demanding Holder elects to pay such Registration Expenses pursuant to
the second sentence of this Section 2.1.6. 

7 

2.2 Piggyback Registration. 

2.2.1Piggyback Rights. If the Company or any Holder proposes to conduct a registered offering of, or if the Company proposes to
file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Registration of, equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the
account of stockholders of the Company (or by the Company and by the stockholders of the Company, including, without limitation, an Underwritten Shelf Takedown pursuant to Section 2.1), other than a Registration Statement
(or any registered offering with respect thereto) (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (or similar form
that relates to a transaction subject to Rule 145 under the Securities Act or any successor rule thereto), (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company, (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, or
(v) a Block Trade, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed offering to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than five (5) days before the anticipated filing date of such
Registration Statement or, in the case of an Underwritten Offering pursuant to a Shelf Registration, the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus supplement used for marketing such offering, which notice shall (A) describe
the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of
Registrable Securities the opportunity to include in such registered offering such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such registered offering, a
Piggyback Registration). Subject to Section 2.2.2, the Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration and, if applicable, shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of such Piggyback Registration to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this Section 2.2.1 to be included
therein on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such registered offering and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of
distribution thereof. The inclusion of any Holders Registrable Securities in a Piggyback Registration shall be subject to such Holder agreement to enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such
Underwritten Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Holders shall have no rights under this Section 2.2.1 if the registration statement the Company proposes to file is solely for purposes
of a delayed or continuous offering pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act and, at the time of the filing of such registration statement, the Company is in compliance with its obligations under Section 2.1. 

2.2.2Reduction of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Offering that is to be
a Piggyback Registration, in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that
the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with
persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the shares of
Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of persons or entities other than the Holders of
Registrable Securities hereunder, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then: 

(a) if the Registration is undertaken for the
Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
(B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to
Section 2.2.1, pro rata (as nearly as practicable), based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Offering and the aggregate number of Registrable
Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such 

8 

Underwritten Offering, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the
foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of
persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; 

(b) if the Registration is pursuant to a demand by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the
Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their
Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2.2.1, pro rata (as nearly as practicable), based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Offering and
the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders have requested to be included in such Underwritten Offering, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number
of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and
(D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the shares of Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, as to which Registration or a registered offering
has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and

(c) if the Registration and Underwritten Shelf Takedown is pursuant to a request by Holder(s) of Registrable Securities pursuant
to Section 2.1 hereof, then the Company shall include in any such Registration securities in the priority set forth in Section 2.1.5. 

2.2.3Piggyback Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities (other than a Demanding Holder, whose right to
withdraw from an Underwritten Shelf Takedown, and related obligations, shall be governed by Section 2.1.6) shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written
notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to
such Piggyback Registration or, in the case of a Piggyback Registration pursuant to a Shelf Registration, the filing of the applicable red herring prospectus or prospectus supplement with respect to such Piggyback Registration used for
marketing such transaction. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons or entities pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement
filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (other than
Section 2.1.6), the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under this Section 2.2.3. 

2.2.4Unlimited Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, subject to Section 2.1.6, any
Piggyback Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted as a demand for an Underwritten Shelf Takedown under Section 2.1.4 hereof. 

9 

ARTICLE III 

COMPANY PROCEDURES 

3.1General Procedures. In connection with any Shelf and/or Shelf Takedown, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable: 

3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission as soon as reasonably practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable
Securities and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities have ceased to be Registrable Securities; 

3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such
supplements to the Prospectus, as may be reasonably requested by any Holder that holds at least ten percent (10%) of the then outstanding number of shares of Common Stock or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the
rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such
Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus or have ceased to be Registrable Securities; 

3.1.3 without limiting the rights of Holders set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, upon at least two (2) business days
notice by any Holder that it intends to distribute Registrable Securities to its distributees, on the effective date of such distribution, file a supplement to the Prospectus to name specifically any such distributee that may be deemed to be an
affiliate of the Company or that is a beneficial owner of five percent (5%) or more of the then outstanding Common Stock as a selling stockholder (unless any such distributee objects to be so named) in order to permit such distributee to
use such Prospectus to resell Registrable Securities; 

3.1.4 prior to filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any
amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to
be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary
Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the
Registrable Securities owned by such Holders; 

3.1.5 prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its commercially
reasonable efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may reasonably request (or provide evidence satisfactory to such Holders that the Registrable Securities are exempt from such registration or
qualification) and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business
and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of 

10 

Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall
not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it
is not then otherwise so subject; 

3.1.6 cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each national securities exchange on
which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed; 

3.1.7 provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as applicable, and
registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement; 

3.1.8 advise each
seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or
threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued; 

3.1.9 prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or
Prospectus, furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities or its counsel (excluding any exhibits thereto and any filing made under the Exchange Act that is to be incorporated by reference therein); 

3.1.10 notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the
Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in
Section 3.4; 

3.1.11 in the event of an Underwritten Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent or
sales agent pursuant to such Registration, permit a representative of the Holders, the Underwriters or other financial institutions facilitating such Underwritten Offering or other sale pursuant to such Registration, if any, and any attorney,
consultant or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons or entitys own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and
employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, financial institution, attorney, consultant or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representatives,
Underwriters or financial institutions agree to confidentiality arrangements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information; 

3.1.12 use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a comfort letter (including a bring- down letter dated as of the date
the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration) from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent or sales agent pursuant
to such Registration (subject to such broker, placement agent or sales agent providing such certification or representation reasonably requested by the Companys independent registered public accountants and the Companys counsel) in
customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders; 

11 

3.1.13 in the event of an Underwritten Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent
or sales agent pursuant to such Registration, on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration,
addressed to the participating Holders, the broker, placement agents or sales agent, if any and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the
participating Holders, broker, placement agent, sales agent or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions, provided such participating Holders provide such information to such counsel as is customarily
required for purpose of such opinions; 

3.1.14 in the event of any Underwritten Offering or sale by a broker, placement agent or
sales agent pursuant to such Registration, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting or other purchase or sales agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter or the broker, placement agent or sales agent of
such offering or sale; 

3.1.15 make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement
covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the
Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule then in effect); 

3.1.16 if the Registration involves the Registration
of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $35 million with respect to an Underwritten Offering pursuant to Section 2.1.4, use its commercially reasonable efforts to make available senior
executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in such Underwritten Offering; and 

3.1.17 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the
participating Holders, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, in connection with such Registration. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not be required to provide any documents or information to an Underwriter or broker, sales agent or placement agent if such Underwriter or broker, sales agent or placement agent has not then been named with respect to the
applicable Underwritten Offering or other offering involving a registration as an Underwriter or broker, sales agent or placement agent, as applicable. 

3.2Registration Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by
the Holders that the Holders selling Registrable Securities in any offering shall bear the following incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of such Registrable Securities: Underwriters commissions and discounts and brokerage fees.
Additionally, in an Underwritten Offering, any selling stockholders and the Company shall bear the Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses, all reasonable and documented
fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders, pro rata in proportion to the respective amount of shares each is selling in such Underwritten Offering. 

3.3Requirements for Participation in Registration Statements and Offerings. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall provide
such information as may reasonably be requested by the Company, or the managing Underwriter or placement agent or sales agent, if any, in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement or Prospectus, including amendments and
supplements thereto, in order to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities under the Securities Act pursuant to ARTICLE II and in connection with the Companys obligation to comply with federal and applicable state securities
laws. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any Holder does not provide 

12 

the Company with its requested Holder Information, the Company may exclude such Holders Registrable Securities from the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus if the Company
determines, based on the advice of counsel, that such information is necessary to effect the registration and such Holder continues thereafter to withhold such information. No person or entity may participate in any Underwritten Offering or other
offering for equity securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person or entity (i) agrees to sell such persons or entitys securities on the basis provided in any
underwriting, sales, distribution or placement arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting or other agreements and other customary documents as may
be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting, sales, distribution or placement arrangements. The exclusion of a Holders Registrable Securities as a result of this Section 3.3 shall not affect the
registration of the other Registrable Securities to be included in such Registration. 

3.4 Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure;
Restrictions on Registration Rights. 

3.4.1 Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or
Prospectus contains a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until it has received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the
Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as reasonably practicable after the time of such notice), or until it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. 

3.4.2 Subject to Section 3.4.4, if the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration
Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would (a) require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure, (b) require the inclusion in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for
reasons beyond the Companys control, or (c) in the good faith judgment of the majority of the Board such Registration, be seriously detrimental to the Company and the majority of the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to
defer such filing, initial effectiveness or continued use at such time, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders (which notice shall not specify the nature of the event giving rise to such delay or
suspension), delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises
its rights under this Section 3.4.2, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or
offer to sell Registrable Securities until such Holder receives written notice from the Company that such sales or offers of Registrable Securities may be resumed, and in each case maintain the confidentiality of such notice and its contents. 

3.4.3 Subject to Section 3.4.4, (a) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the
Companys good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and eighty (180) days after the effective date of, a Company-initiated Registration, and provided that the Company continues to actively employ,
in good faith, all reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the applicable Shelf Registration Statement, or (b) if, pursuant to Section 2.1.4, Holders have requested an Underwritten Shelf Takedown and the
Company and Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite such offering, the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay any other registered offering pursuant to
Section 2.1.4. 

3.4.4 The right to delay or suspend any filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of
a Registration Statement pursuant to Section 3.4.2 or a registered offering pursuant to Section 3.4.3 shall be exercised by the Company, in the aggregate, for not more than sixty
(60) consecutive calendar days or more than ninety (90) total calendar days in each case, during any twelve (12)-month period. 

13 

3.5Reporting Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable
Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, covenants to use commercially reasonable efforts to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period)
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish the Holders upon written request with true and complete copies of all such filings; provided
that any documents publicly filed or furnished with the Commission pursuant to the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System shall be deemed to have been furnished or delivered to the Holders pursuant to this
Section 3.5. The Company further covenants that it shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such
Holder to sell Registrable Securities held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule then in effect). Upon
the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements. 

ARTICLE IV 

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION 

4.1 Indemnification. 

4.1.1 The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers, directors
and agents and each person or entity who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act), against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable and documented outside attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
material fact contained in or incorporated by reference in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto filed pursuant to this Agreement or any omission or alleged omission of a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of a Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except insofar as the same
are caused by or contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. 

4.1.2 In the case of a sale of Registrable Securities through a broker, placement agent or other sales agent (an
Agent), upon request by such Agent, the Company will enter into an indemnity agreement with such Agent (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to such Agent) pursuant to which the Company will agree to indemnify, to the
extent permitted by law, such Agent against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation,
reasonable and documented outside attorneys fees not to exceed $15,000 without the Companys consent) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in or incorporated by reference in any Registration
Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto filed pursuant to this Agreement or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the case of a Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information furnished in writing to the Company
by such Agent expressly for use therein. 

14 

4.1.3 In connection with any Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement
in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish (or cause to be furnished) to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such
Registration Statement or Prospectus (the Holder Information) and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors, officers and agents and each person or entity who controls the Company (within the
meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation,
reasonable and documented outside attorneys fees not to exceed $15,000 without the Holders consent) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained or incorporated by reference in any Registration
Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of a
Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue or alleged untrue statement is contained in (or not contained in, in the case of an omission
or alleged omission) any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such
Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such
Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person or entity who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as
provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company. 

4.1.4 Any person or entity entitled to indemnification
herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons or entitys right to
indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying
parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject
to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be
obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between
such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be
settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement includes a statement or admission of fault and culpability on the part of such
indemnified party or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. 

4.1.5 The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made
by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person or entity of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an
offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason. 

4.1.6 If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 from the indemnifying party is unavailable or
insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses referred to herein, then the
indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses in such proportion as is 

15 

appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party
and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by
(or not made by, in the case of an omission), or relates to information supplied by (or not supplied by in the case of an omission), such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys
relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder under this Section 4.1.6 shall be limited to the amount of the
net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set
forth in Sections 4.1.1, 4.1.3 and 4.1.4 above, any legal or other fees, charges or out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by such party in
connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 4.1.6 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method
of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 4.1.6. No person or entity guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the
Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this Section 4.1.6 from any person or entity who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

ARTICLE V 

MISCELLANEOUS 

5.1Notices. Any notice or communication under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) when delivered in person, (ii) when delivered after posting in the United States mail having been sent
registered or certified mail return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) when delivered by FedEx or other nationally recognized overnight delivery service, or (iv) when delivered by email (in case of this clause (iv), solely to the extent
no bounce back or similar message is received). Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company or Legacy Blaize, to: Blaize Holdings, Inc., 4659 Golden Foothill Parkway, Suite 206, El Dorado Hills,
CA 95762, Attention: Dinakar Munagala Email: Dinakar.Munagala@blaize.com, and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address, electronic mail address or facsimile number as set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change
its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties hereto. 

5.2 Assignment; No Third-Party
Beneficiaries. 

5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or
delegated by the Company in whole or in part without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. 

5.2.2 Subject to
Section 5.2.4 and Section 5.2.5, this Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of a Holder hereunder may be assigned in whole or in part to such Holders Permitted Transferees;
provided that the rights hereunder that are personal to such Holders may not be assigned or delegated in whole or in part, except that each of the Holders shall be permitted to transfer its rights hereunder as a Holder to one or more
affiliates or any direct or indirect partners, members, investors or equity holders of such Holder (it being understood that no such transfer shall reduce any rights of such Holder or such transferees). 

16 

5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure
to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees. 

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons or entities that are not parties hereto, other than as
expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2. 

5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such
partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless it is permitted under Section 5.2.2 and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such
assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be
accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void, ab initio. 

5.3Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed (including by electronic signature) in two or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

5.4Governing Law;
Venue. This Agreement, and all claims or causes of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the transactions herein, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without
giving effect to principles or rules of conflict of laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of laws of another jurisdiction. 

5.5 TRIAL BY JURY. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY, UNCONDITIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS. 

5.6Amendments and Modifications. Upon the written
consent of (a) the Company and (b) the Holders of a majority of the total Registrable Securities, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions,
covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof shall also require the written consent of each Holder so long as such Holder and its affiliates
hold, in the aggregate, at least ten percent (10%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company; and provided, further, that any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in its capacity as a
holder of the shares of capital stock of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and
any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial
exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party. 

17 

5.7Other Registration Rights. Other than as provided in (i) the Warrant
Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and (ii) that certain Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the
Company and the other persons party thereto, the Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include
such securities of the Company in any Registration Statement filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person or entity. Further, the Company represents and warrants that this Agreement
supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. 

5.8Term. This Agreement shall terminate on the date that such Holder no longer holds any Registrable Securities. The provisions
of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination. 

5.9Holder Information. Each
Holder agrees, if requested in writing, to represent to the Company the total number of Registrable Securities held by such Holder in order for the Company to make determinations hereunder. 

5.10Standstill. Each Holder agrees that, at any time that such Holder beneficially owns (as such term is used in
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) more than 5.00% of the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, it shall not, nor will it cause any of its affiliates to, (a) take any action to acquire additional shares of Common Stock (other
than, for the avoidance of doubt, any shares issuable as a result of obligations in effect as of the date hereof, and any stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) that would result in any increase of the
fraction obtained by dividing (A) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder, and (B) the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, in each case as of the date hereof; (b) act, alone or jointly or
in concert with others, to seek to control the Company, including, without limitation, by having or seeking one or more representatives serve on the board of directors or become an executive officer of the Company; (c) sell, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any of its shares of Common Stock to any person that, to such Holders knowledge, alone or jointly or in concert with others, would become, as a result of such sale, transfer or disposition, the beneficial owner (as such term is used
in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) of more than 10% of the shares of Common Stock or has publicly stated an intent to exercise control over the Company; provided that this clause (c) shall not apply to (A) any sale, transfer
or disposition, in a transaction or series of transactions, through an underwriter, broker or dealer where such Holder does not know the identity of the purchaser of the shares or (B) for the avoidance of doubt, any sale, transfer or
disposition effected on any securities exchange so long as neither such Holder nor any underwriter, broker or dealer involved in such transaction solicited or arranged for the solicitation of orders to buy such shares in anticipation of or in
connection with such sale; or (d) exercise any voting rights it has, together with its affiliates, with respect to any shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.90% of the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote as of
the relevant record date for such vote; provided that (A) this clause (d) shall not apply with respect to any proposal for which such failure to vote would have the effect of a vote against such proposal, and (B) for the
avoidance of doubt, such Holder shall maintain its voting rights with respect to any shares of Common Stock not exceeding, together with its affiliates, 9.90% of the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote as of the
relevant record date for such vote. 

5.11Additional Holders; Joinder. In addition to persons or entities who may become
Holders pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof, subject to the prior written consent of each Holder that holds, in the aggregate together with its affiliates, at least five percent (5%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of
the Company, the Company may make any person or entity who has or acquires Common Stock or rights to acquire Common Stock after the date hereof a party to this Agreement (each such person or entity, an Additional Holder) by
obtaining an executed joinder to this Agreement from such Additional Holder in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (a Joinder). Such Joinder shall specify the rights and obligations of the applicable Additional Holder
under this Agreement. Upon the execution and delivery and subject to the terms of a Joinder by such Additional Holder, the Common Stock of the Company then owned, or underlying any rights then owned, by such Additional Holder (the
Additional Holder Common Stock) shall be Registrable Securities to the extent provided herein and therein and such Additional Holder shall be a Holder under this Agreement with respect to such Additional Holder Common Stock. 

18 

5.12Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or
unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The parties hereto further agree that if any provision contained herein is, to any extent, held invalid or
unenforceable in any respect under the laws governing this Agreement, they shall take any actions necessary to render the remaining provisions of this Agreement valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law and, to the extent
necessary, shall amend or otherwise modify this Agreement to replace any provision contained herein that is held invalid or unenforceable with a valid and enforceable provision giving effect to the intent of the parties. 

5.13Entire Agreement; Restatement. This Agreement constitutes the full and entire agreement and understanding between the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings relating to such subject matter. 

5.14Most Favored Nations. To the extent that the Company or Legacy Blaize, on or after the date hereof, grants any such superior
or more favorable rights or terms relating to the subject matter of this Agreement to any person than those provided to the Holders as set forth herein, any such superior or more favorable rights or terms shall also be deemed to have been granted
simultaneously to each Holder on the date of such grant and the Company and Legacy Blaize shall amend this Agreement to reflect such superior or more favorable rights. 

[remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

19 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

COMPANY:

BLAIZE HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ Dinakar Munagala

Name: Dinakar Munagala

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date
first written above. 

HOLDERS:

AVA INVESTORS S.A., a socit anonyme incorporated under the laws of Switzerland

/s/ Barthlmy Debray

Name: Barthlmy Debray

Title: Director

/s/ Raphalle Mahieu

Name: Raphalle Mahieu

Title: Director

AVA PRIVATE MARKETS S. R.L.,

acting in respect of its Compartment Blaize

/s/ Barthlmy Debray

Name: Barthlmy Debray

Title: Manager, Class A

/s/ Damien Nussbaum

Name: Damien Nussbaum

Title: Manager, Class B

BARTHLMY DEBRAY 

/s/ Barthlmy Debray

Name: Barthlmy Debray

RAPHALLE MAHIEU 

/s/ Raphalle Mahieu

Name: Raphalle Mahieu

BENJAMIN HAZAN 

/s/ Benjamin Hazan

Name: Benjamin Hazan

Ava Private Markets S.a r.l. is a private limited liability company (socit a responsabilite limitee) incorporated under
the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 6, Rue Dicks, L-1417 Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des
Societes, Luxembourg) under number 8283362. 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT JOINDER 

The undersigned is executing and delivering this joinder (this Joinder) pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
dated as of January 13, 2025 (as the same may hereafter be amended, the Registration Rights Agreement), by and among Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the other persons or
entities named as parties therein. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

By executing and delivering this Joinder to the Company, and upon acceptance hereof by the Company upon the execution of a counterpart hereof,
the undersigned hereby agrees to become a party to, to be bound by, and to comply with the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder of Registrable Securities in the same manner as if the undersigned were an original signatory to the Registration
Rights Agreement, and the undersigneds shares of Common Stock shall be included as Registrable Securities under the Registration Rights Agreement to the extent provided therein; provided, however, that the undersigned and its permitted
assigns (if any) shall not have any rights as Holders, and the undersigneds (and its transferees) shares of Common Stock shall not be included as Registrable Securities, for purposes of the Excluded Sections. 

For purposes of this Joinder, Excluded Sections shall mean []. 

Accordingly, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Joinder as of the day of ,
20. 

Signature of Stockholder

Print Name of Stockholder

Its:

Address: 

Agreed and Accepted as of

, 20

Blaize Holdings, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I 

HOLDERS 

Ava Investors SA

Ava Private Markets S. R.L. 

Barthlmy Debray 

Raphalle Mahieu 

Benjamin
Hazan 

[Schedule I to
Registration Rights Agreement] 

ANNEX A

FORM OF PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 

We are registering the offer and sale, from time to time, by the Selling Stockholders of up to [] shares of common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share. 

We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the securities by the Selling Stockholders.

Once issued and upon effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, the securities beneficially owned
by the Selling Stockholders covered by this prospectus may be offered and sold from time to time by the Selling Stockholders. The term Selling Stockholders includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors in interest selling
securities received after the date of this prospectus from a Selling Stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other transfer. The Selling Stockholders will act independently of us in making decisions with respect to the timing,
manner and size of each sale. Such sales may be made on one or more exchanges or in the over-the-counter market or otherwise, at prices and under terms then prevailing
or at prices related to the then current market price or in negotiated transactions. Each Selling Stockholder reserves the right to accept and, together with its respective agents, to reject, any proposed purchase of securities to be made directly
or through agents. The Selling Stockholders and any of their permitted transferees may sell their securities offered by this prospectus on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the securities are traded or in private transactions.

Subject to the limitations set forth in any applicable registration rights agreement, the Selling Stockholders may use any one or more of
the following methods when selling the securities offered by this prospectus: 

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by such broker-dealer for its own account pursuant to this
prospectus; 

through underwriters; 

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker solicits purchasers; 

block trades in which the broker-dealer so engaged will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position
and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; 

an over-the-counter distribution
in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; 

settlement of short sales entered into after the date of this prospectus; 

agreements with broker-dealers to sell a specified number of the securities at a stipulated price per share;

in at the market offerings, as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at negotiated prices, at
prices prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to such prevailing market prices, including sales made directly on a national securities exchange or sales made through a market maker other than on an exchange or other similar offerings
through sales agents; 

directly to purchasers, including through a specific bidding, auction or other process or in privately negotiated
transactions; 

[Annex A to Registration
Rights Agreement] 

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange
or otherwise; 

through a combination of any of the above methods of sale; or 

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. 

In addition, a Selling Stockholder that is an entity may elect to make a pro-ratain-kind distribution of securities to its members, partners or stockholders pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part by delivering a prospectus with a plan of distribution. Such
members, partners or stockholders would thereby receive freely tradeable securities pursuant to the distribution through a registration statement. To the extent a distributee is an affiliate of ours (or to the extent otherwise required by law), we
may file a prospectus supplement in order to permit the distributees to use the prospectus to resell the securities acquired in the distribution. 

The Selling Stockholders also may transfer the securities in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors-in-interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus. Upon being notified by a Selling Stockholder that a donee, pledgee, transferee,
other successor- in-interest intends to sell our securities, we will, to the extent required, promptly file a supplement to this prospectus to name specifically such person as a Selling Stockholder. 

To the extent required, the shares of our common stock to be sold, the names of the Selling Stockholders, the respective purchase prices and
public offering prices, the names of any agents, dealer or underwriter, any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective
amendment to the registration statement that includes this prospectus. 

In connection with the sale of shares of our common stock, the
Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the shares of our common stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling
Stockholders may also sell shares of our common stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these shares. The Selling Stockholders may also
enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker- dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by
this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). 

In offering the securities covered by this prospectus, the Selling Stockholders and any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents who execute
sales for the Selling Stockholders may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. Any discounts, commissions, concessions or profit they earn on any resale of those securities may
be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. 

In order to comply with the securities laws of certain states, if
applicable, the securities must be sold in such jurisdictions only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in certain states the securities may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the
applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with. 

[Annex A to Registration
Rights Agreement] 

We have advised the Selling Stockholders that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M
under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to the activities of the Selling Stockholders and their affiliates. In addition, to the extent applicable we will make copies of this prospectus (as it may be supplemented or
amended from time to time) available to the Selling Stockholders for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The Selling Stockholders may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions
involving the sale of the shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. 

[Annex A to Registration
Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>d903961dex1012.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.12
<TEXT>
EX-10.12

Exhibit 10.12 

LOCK-UP AGREEMENT 

THIS LOCK-UP AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 13, 2025, is made
and entered into by and among Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly known as BurTech Acquisition Corp.) (the Company), and the Persons (as defined in the Merger Agreement (as defined below)) set forth on
Schedule I hereto (such Persons, together with any other Person who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 2 or Section 7 of this Agreement, the
Securityholders and each, a Securityholder). 

WHEREAS, the Company, BurTech Merger Sub Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), Blaize, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Legacy Blaize), and, solely for limited purposes set forth therein, Burkhan Capital
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement; capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in
the Merger Agreement), dated as of December 22, 2023, pursuant to which, among other things, on the date hereof Merger Sub will merge with and into Legacy Blaize, with Legacy Blaize surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, on the
terms and conditions set forth therein (the Merger); 

WHEREAS, upon the Closing, each of the Securityholders
will own equity interests in the Company; and 

WHEREAS, in connection with the Merger, the parties hereto wish to set forth herein
certain understandings between such parties with respect to restrictions on transfer of equity interests in the Company. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Subject to the exceptions set forth herein, each Securityholder agrees not to, without the
prior written consent of the board of directors of the Company, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer, dispose of or agree to transfer or
dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) promulgated thereunder, any shares of Acquiror Common Stock held by it immediately after the Effective Time, any
shares of Acquiror Common Stock issuable upon the exercise or settlement, as applicable, of Acquiror Options or Acquiror RSUs held by it immediately after the Effective Time (other than shares of Acquiror Common Stock issued or issuable upon the
exercise of Acquiror Private Placement Warrants), or any other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Acquiror Common Stock held by it immediately after the Effective Time (other than Acquiror Private Placement Warrants)
(collectively, the Lock-Up Shares), (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of the Lock-Up Shares, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or
(ii) (the actions specified in clauses (i)-(iii), collectively, Transfer) until the date that is 180 days after the Closing Date (the Lock-Up Period), subject to the early
release provisions set forth in Section 4 below. 

2. The restrictions set forth in
Section 1 shall not apply to: 

(i) 

in the case of an entity, Transfers (A) to another entity that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)) of the undersigned, or to any investment fund or other entity controlling, controlled by, managing or managed by or under common control with the
undersigned or affiliates of the undersigned or who shares a common investment advisor with the undersigned or (B) as part of a distribution to members, partners, shareholders or equity holders of the undersigned; 

(ii) 

in the case of an individual, Transfers by gift to members of the individuals immediate family (as
defined below) or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of one of the individuals immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; 

(iii) 

in the case of an individual, Transfers by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the
individual; 

(iv) 

in the case of an individual, Transfers by operation of law or pursuant to a court order, such as a qualified
domestic relations order, divorce decree or separation agreement; 

(v) 

in the case of an individual, Transfers to a partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which
the undersigned and/or the immediate family (as defined below) of the undersigned are the legal and beneficial owner of all of the outstanding equity securities or similar interests; 

(vi) 

in the case of an entity that is a trust, Transfers to a trustor or beneficiary of the trust or to the estate
of a beneficiary of such trust; 

(vii) 

in the case of an entity, Transfers by virtue of the laws of the state of the entitys organization and
the entitys organizational documents upon dissolution of the entity; 

(viii) 

Transfers relating to Acquiror Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for Acquiror Common Stock acquired in open market transactions after the Closing; provided that no such transaction is required to be, or is, publicly announced (whether on Form 4, Form 5 or otherwise, other than a required filing on Schedule
13F, 13G or 13G/A) during the Lock-Up Period; 

(ix) 

the exercise of stock options or warrants to purchase shares of Acquiror Common Stock or the vesting of stock
awards of Acquiror Common Stock and any related transfer of shares of Acquiror Common Stock in connection therewith (x) deemed to occur upon the cashless or net exercise of such options or warrants or (y) for the
purpose of paying the exercise price of such options or warrants or for paying taxes due as a result of the exercise of such options or warrants, the vesting of such options, warrants or stock awards, or as a result of the vesting of such shares of
Acquiror Common Stock, it being understood that all shares of Acquiror Common Stock received upon such exercise, vesting or transfer will remain subject to the restrictions of this Agreement during the Lock-Up
Period; 

(x) 

Transfers to the Company pursuant to any contractual arrangement in effect at the Effective Time that provides
for the repurchase by the Company or forfeiture of Acquiror Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Acquiror Common Stock in connection with the termination of the Securityholders service to the
Company; 

2 

(xi) 

the entry, by a Securityholder, at any time after the Effective Time, of any trading plan providing for the
sale of shares of Acquiror Common Stock by a Securityholder, which trading plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that such plan does not provide
for, or permit, the sale of any shares of Acquiror Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period and no public announcement or filing is voluntarily made or required regarding such plan during the Lock-Up Period; 

(xii) 

Transfers in the event of completion of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Companys securityholders having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash, securities or other property; 

(xiii) 

Transfers of any shares of Acquiror Common Stock issuable upon the exchange at Closing of the Company Common
Stock that is issuable upon the exercise of the Burkhan Warrants (the Burkhan Warrant Stock); provided, however, that the 2,000,000 shares of the Burkhan Warrant Stock issued pursuant to Burkhan Warrant No. CS-1 may not be Transferred by Burkhan (or BurTech LP LLC, if applicable) without the consent of a majority of the members of an independent committee of the board of directors of the Company comprised of two
(2) individuals designated by Legacy Blaize and one (1) individual designated by BurTech LP LLC; and 

(xiv) 

Transfers to satisfy any U.S. federal, state, or local income tax obligations of a Securityholder (or its
direct or indirect owners) arising from a change in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (the Regulations) after the date on
which the Merger Agreement was executed by the parties, and such change prevents the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization pursuant to Section 368 of the Code (and the Merger does not qualify for similar tax-free treatment pursuant to any successor or other provision of the Code or Regulations taking into account such changes), in each case solely and to the extent necessary to cover any tax liability as a direct
result of the transaction; 

provided, however, that (A) in the case of clauses (i) through (vii), such permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement, in substantially the form of this Agreement (it being understood that any references to immediate family in the agreement executed by such permitted transferee shall expressly refer only
to the immediate family of the applicable Securityholder and not to the immediate family of the permitted transferee), agreeing to be bound by these Transfer restrictions. For purposes of this paragraph, immediate family shall mean a
spouse, domestic partner, child (including by adoption), father, mother, brother or sister of the undersigned, and lineal descendant (including by adoption) of the undersigned or of any of the foregoing Persons; and affiliate shall have
the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

3. In the event that the Company releases or waives, in full or in part, any
party from a lock-up agreement entered into in connection with the Closing, then the same number of Lock-Up Shares held by the undersigned as held by such released party shall be immediately and fully released
on the same terms from the applicable prohibition(s) set forth herein. The foregoing provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (i) the release or waiver is granted to a holder of Acquiror Common Stock in connection with a follow-on public
offering of Acquiror Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC, whether or not such offering or sale is wholly or partially a secondary offering of the Acquiror Common 

3 

Stock, and the undersigned, only to the extent the undersigned has a contractual right to demand or require the registration of the undersigneds Acquiror Common Stock or
piggyback on a registration statement filed by the Company for the offer and sale of its Acquiror Common Stock, has been given an opportunity to participate on a basis consistent with such contractual rights in such follow-on offering, (ii) (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer not for consideration and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this
letter to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of the transfer, (iii) the aggregate number of Lock-Up Shares affected by such releases or waivers (whether in one or
multiple releases or waivers) with respect to any particular beneficial or record holder of Lock-Up Shares is less than or equal to 1% of the total number of outstanding shares of Acquiror Common Stock then
outstanding (on a fully-diluted basis, calculated as of the date of such release or waiver), or (iv) the Company determines in its sole discretion that a release or waiver should be granted to a record or beneficial holder of Lock-Up Shares due to circumstances of emergency or hardship. In the event that the Company changes, amends, modifies or waives (other than to correct a typographical error) any particular provision of any other lock-up agreement entered into in connection with the Closing, then the undersigned shall be offered the option (but not the requirement) to make a corresponding change, amendment, modification or waiver to this
Agreement, which option may be exercised by a written consent executed by the Securityholders holding a majority of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock then held by the Securityholders in the aggregate as to which this Agreement has not been
terminated, executed in the same manner as this Agreement and which makes reference to this Agreement, and which changes, amendments, modifications or waivers, if approved in accordance with the terms hereof, will thereafter be binding on all of the
undersigned. 

4. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of: 

a. 

For the first 25% of each Securityholders Lock-Up Shares,
(i) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the
public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property and (iii) the liquidation of the Company. 

b. 

For an additional 25% of each Securityholders Lock-Up Shares,
(i) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the
public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or
exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation
of the Company. 

c. 

For an additional 25% of each Securityholders Lock-Up Shares,
(i) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the
public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or
exceeds $15.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation
of the Company. 

4 

d. 

For an additional 25% of each Securityholders Lock-Up Shares,
(i) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the
public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or
exceeds $17.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation
of the Company. 

5. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company, and any duly appointed transfer agent for the
registration or transfer of the securities described therein, are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Agreement. 

6. This Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part, only by a duly authorized agreement in writing, executed by the Company and
the Securityholders holding a majority of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock then held by the Securityholders in the aggregate as to which this Agreement has not been terminated, executed in the same manner as this Agreement and which makes
reference to this Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence and any purported amendment by any party or parties hereto effected in a manner which does not comply with this
Section 6 shall be null and void, ab initio. 

7. Except as set forth herein, no party hereto may assign
either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of (i) with respect to any Securityholder, the Company, and (ii) with respect to the Company, the Securityholders holding a
majority of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock then held by the Securityholders in the aggregate as to which this Agreement has not been terminated. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not
operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Agreement shall be binding on each Securityholder and each of its respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees. 

8. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect
to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this
Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the Delaware Chancery Court, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue
or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

9. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement or any joinder to this Agreement by electronic means, including DocuSign, e-mail, or scanned pages shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart to this Agreement. 

10. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any term or other provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, all other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the
transactions contemplated hereby are not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto. Upon such determination that any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, the parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally
contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

5 

11. The liability of any Securityholder hereunder is several (and not joint).
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in no event will any Securityholder be liable for any other Securityholders breach of such other Securityholders obligations under this Agreement. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year
first above written. 

BLAIZE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Dinakar Munagala

Name: Dinakar Munagala

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Abhishek Agrawal

Name: Abhishek Agrawal

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

Anderson Investments Pte. Ltd.

By: 

/s/ Sherlyn Lim

Name: Sherlyn Lim

Title: Authorised Signatory

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Aswathy Asok

Name: Aswathy Asok

Title: Staff Hardware Design Engineer

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Ayush Aggarwal and Deepa Guamukhdas Jagyasi

Name: Ayush Aggarwal and Deepa Guamukhdas Jagyasi

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

BESS VENTURES AND ADVISORY, LLC

By: 

/s/ Lane Bess

Name: Lane Bess

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

BURKHAN CAPITAL LLC

By: 

/s/ Shahal Khan

Name: Shahal Khan

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

Coral Gables Trust Company, Trustee of the Destin Huang Irrevocable Trust Dated October 19, 2021

By: 

/s/ Richard DeNapoli

Name: Richard DeNapoli

Title: Chief Trust Officer

{Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement} 

SECURITYHOLDER:

/s/ Dinakar Munagala

Dinakar Munagala

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

Franklin Strategic Series - Franklin Small-Mid Cap Growth Fund

By: 

/s/ JP Scandalios

Name: JP Scandalios

Title: SVP/Portfolio Manager

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

Franklin Templeton Variable Insurance Products Trust - Franklin Small-Mid Cap Growth VIP Fund

By: 

/s/ JP Scandalios

Name: JP Scandalios

Title: SVP/Portfolio Manager

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

Frederick Weber and Katherine Weber, Trustees of the Weber Living Trust dated March 14, 2017, and any amendments
thereto

By: 

/s/ Frederick Weber

Name: Frederick Weber

Title: Trustee of the Weber Living Trust dated March 14, 2017

{Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Golla Sai Sandeep

Name: Golla Sai Sandeep

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

JIH Vermgensverwaltungs GmbH

By: 

/s/ Stefan Hambrecht

Name: Stefan Hambrecht

Title: CEO

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDER:

/s/ Ke Yin

Ke Yin

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Khushbu Agarwal

Name: Khushbu Agarwal

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

Linda L. Lester, Trustee of the LLL Trust, Dated January 2, 2018

By: 

/s/ Linda L. Lester

Name: Linda L. Lester

Title: Security Holder

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Poonam Vilas Metkar

Name: Poonam Vilas Metkar

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Pramod Kaddi

Name: Pramod Kaddi

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Sandeep Masade

Name: Sandeep Masade

Title: Individual Investor

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDER:

/s/ Satyaki Koneru

Satyaki Koneru

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

Sean OKane and Ann OKane Revocable Living Trust

By: /s/ Sean OKane

Name: Sean OKane

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

Shahin Farshchi

By: 

/s/ Shahin Farshchi

Name: Shahin Farshchi

Title: Self

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Shrikant Raman

Name: Shrikant Raman

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Sudhakar Kale

Name: Sudhakar Kale

Title: VP of Silicon Engineering

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Tatsuya Toyoda

Name: Tatsuya Toyoda

Title: Share Holder

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

TLG FUND I LP

By: 

/s/ J. Michael Lawrie

Name: J. Michael Lawrie

Title: Manager of TLG Capital Management, Ltd. Manager to TLG Fund I LP

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Umar Nath

Name: Umar Nath

Title: 

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

VISTA GRAN VERDE HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

/s/ Peter C. Suchianco

Name: Peter C. Suchianco

Title: President

[Signature Page to
Lock-Up Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I 

SECURITYHOLDERS 

Abhishek Agrawal 

Anderson Investments Pte. Ltd. 

Aswathy Asok 

Ayush Aggarwal and Deepa Guamukhdas Jagyasi 

Bess Ventures and
Advisory, LLC 

Burkhan Capital LLC 

Coral Gables Trust
Company, Trustee of the Destin Huang Irrevocable Trust Dated October 19, 2021 

Dinakar Munagala 

Franklin Strategic Series - Franklin Small-Mid Cap Growth Fund 

Franklin Templeton Variable Insurance Products Trust Franklin Small-Mid Cap Growth VIP Fund 

Frederick Weber and Katherine Weber, Trustees of the Weber Living Trust dated March 14, 2017 

Golla Sai Sandeep 

JIH Vermgensverwaltungs GmbH 

Ke Yin 

Khushbu Agarwal 

Linda L. Lester, Trustee of the LLL Trust, Dated January 2, 2018 

Poonam Vilas Metkar 

Pramod Kaddi 

Sandeep Masade 

Satyaki Koneru 

Sean OKane and Ann OKane Revocable Living Trust 

Shahin Farshchi 

Shrikant Raman 

Sudhakar Kale 

Tatsuya Toyoda 

TLG Fund I LP 

Umar Nath 

Vista Gran Verde Holdings Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>d903961dex1013.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.13
<TEXT>
EX-10.13

Exhibit 10.13 

LOCK-UP AGREEMENT 

THIS LOCK-UP AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 13, 2025, is made
and entered into by and among Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly known as BurTech Acquisition Corp.) (the Company), and the Persons (as defined in the Merger Agreement (as defined below)) set forth on
Schedule I hereto (such Persons, together with any other Person who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 2 or Section 7 of this Agreement, the
Securityholders and each, a Securityholder). 

WHEREAS, the Company, BurTech Merger Sub Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub), Blaize, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Legacy Blaize), and, solely for limited purposes set forth therein, Burkhan Capital
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement; capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in
the Merger Agreement), dated as of December 22, 2023, pursuant to which, among other things, on the date hereof Merger Sub will merge with and into Legacy Blaize, with Legacy Blaize surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, on the
terms and conditions set forth therein (the Merger); 

WHEREAS, upon the Closing, each of the Securityholders
will own equity interests in the Company; and 

WHEREAS, in connection with the Merger, the parties hereto wish to set forth herein
certain understandings between such parties with respect to restrictions on transfer of equity interests in the Company. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Subject to the exceptions set forth herein, each Securityholder agrees not to, without the
prior written consent of the board of directors of the Company, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer, dispose of or agree to transfer or
dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) promulgated thereunder, any shares of Acquiror Common Stock held by it immediately after the Effective Time, any
shares of Acquiror Common Stock issuable upon the exercise or settlement, as applicable, of Acquiror Options or Acquiror RSUs held by it immediately after the Effective Time (other than shares of Acquiror Common Stock issued or issuable upon the
exercise of Acquiror Private Placement Warrants), or any other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Acquiror Common Stock held by it immediately after the Effective Time (other than Acquiror Private Placement Warrants)
(collectively, the Lock-Up Shares), (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of the Lock-Up Shares, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or
(ii) (the actions specified in clauses (i)-(iii), collectively, Transfer) until the date that is 180 days after the Closing Date (the Lock-Up Period), subject to the early
release provisions set forth in Section 4 below. 

2. The restrictions set forth in Section 1 shall not apply to:

(i) 

in the case of an entity, Transfers (A) to another entity that is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)) of the undersigned, or to any investment fund or other entity controlling, controlled by, managing or managed by or under common control with the
undersigned or affiliates of the undersigned or who shares a common investment advisor with the undersigned or (B) as part of a distribution to members, partners, shareholders or equity holders of the undersigned; 

(ii) 

in the case of an individual, Transfers by gift to members of the individuals immediate family (as
defined below) or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of one of the individuals immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; 

(iii) 

in the case of an individual, Transfers by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the
individual; 

(iv) 

in the case of an individual, Transfers by operation of law or pursuant to a court order, such as a qualified
domestic relations order, divorce decree or separation agreement; 

(v) 

in the case of an individual, Transfers to a partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which
the undersigned and/or the immediate family (as defined below) of the undersigned are the legal and beneficial owner of all of the outstanding equity securities or similar interests; 

(vi) 

in the case of an entity that is a trust, Transfers to a trustor or beneficiary of the trust or to the estate
of a beneficiary of such trust; 

(vii) 

in the case of an entity, Transfers by virtue of the laws of the state of the entitys organization and
the entitys organizational documents upon dissolution of the entity; 

(viii) 

Transfers relating to Acquiror Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for Acquiror Common Stock acquired in open market transactions after the Closing; provided that no such transaction is required to be, or is, publicly announced (whether on Form 4, Form 5 or otherwise, other than a required filing on Schedule
13F, 13G or 13G/A) during the Lock-Up Period; 

(ix) 

the exercise of stock options or warrants to purchase shares of Acquiror Common Stock or the vesting of stock
awards of Acquiror Common Stock and any related transfer of shares of Acquiror Common Stock in connection therewith (x) deemed to occur upon the cashless or net exercise of such options or warrants or (y) for the
purpose of paying the exercise price of such options or warrants or for paying taxes due as a result of the exercise of such options or warrants, the vesting of such options, warrants or stock awards, or as a result of the vesting of such shares of
Acquiror Common Stock, it being understood that all shares of Acquiror Common Stock received upon such exercise, vesting or transfer will remain subject to the restrictions of this Agreement during the Lock-Up
Period; 

(x) 

Transfers to the Company pursuant to any contractual arrangement in effect at the Effective Time that provides
for the repurchase by the Company or forfeiture of Acquiror Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Acquiror Common Stock in connection with the termination of the Securityholders service to the
Company; 

2 

(xi) 

the entry, by a Securityholder, at any time after the Effective Time, of any trading plan providing for the
sale of shares of Acquiror Common Stock by a Securityholder, which trading plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that such plan does not provide
for, or permit, the sale of any shares of Acquiror Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period and no public announcement or filing is voluntarily made or required regarding such plan during the Lock-Up Period; 

(xii) 

Transfers in the event of completion of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Companys securityholders having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash, securities or other property; 

(xiii) 

Transfers of any shares of Acquiror Common Stock issuable upon the exchange at Closing of the Company Common
Stock that is issuable upon the exercise of the Burkhan Warrants (the Burkhan Warrant Stock); provided, however, that the 2,000,000 shares of the Burkhan Warrant Stock issued pursuant to Burkhan Warrant No. CS-1 may not be Transferred by Burkhan (or BurTech LP LLC, if applicable) without the consent of a majority of the members of an independent committee of the board of directors of the Company comprised of two
(2) individuals designated by Legacy Blaize and one (1) individual designated by BurTech LP LLC; and 

(xiv) 

Transfers to satisfy any U.S. federal, state, or local income tax obligations of a Securityholder (or its
direct or indirect owners) arising from a change in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (the Regulations) after the date on
which the Merger Agreement was executed by the parties, and such change prevents the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization pursuant to Section 368 of the Code (and the Merger does not qualify for similar tax-free treatment pursuant to any successor or other provision of the Code or Regulations taking into account such changes), in each case solely and to the extent necessary to cover any tax liability as a direct
result of the transaction; 

provided, however, that (A) in the case of clauses (i) through (vii), such permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement, in substantially the form of this Agreement (it being understood that any references to immediate family in the agreement executed by such permitted transferee shall expressly refer only
to the immediate family of the applicable Securityholder and not to the immediate family of the permitted transferee), agreeing to be bound by these Transfer restrictions. For purposes of this paragraph, immediate family shall mean a
spouse, domestic partner, child (including by adoption), father, mother, brother or sister of the undersigned, and lineal descendant (including by adoption) of the undersigned or of any of the foregoing Persons; and affiliate shall have
the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

3. In the event that the Company releases or waives, in full or in part, any
party from a lock- up agreement entered into in connection with the Closing, then the same number of Lock-Up Shares held by the undersigned as held by such released party shall be immediately and fully
released on the same terms from the applicable prohibition(s) set forth herein. The foregoing provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (i) the release or waiver is granted to a holder of Acquiror Common Stock in connection with a follow-
on public offering of Acquiror Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC, whether or not such offering or sale is wholly or partially a secondary offering of the Acquiror Common

3 

Stock, and the undersigned, only to the extent the undersigned has a contractual right to demand or require the registration of the undersigneds Acquiror Common Stock or
piggyback on a registration statement filed by the Company for the offer and sale of its Acquiror Common Stock, has been given an opportunity to participate on a basis consistent with such contractual rights in such follow-on offering, (ii) (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer not for consideration and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this
letter to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of the transfer, (iii) the aggregate number of Lock-Up Shares affected by such releases or waivers (whether in one or
multiple releases or waivers) with respect to any particular beneficial or record holder of Lock-Up Shares is less than or equal to 1% of the total number of outstanding shares of Acquiror Common Stock then
outstanding (on a fully-diluted basis, calculated as of the date of such release or waiver), or (iv) the Company determines in its sole discretion that a release or waiver should be granted to a record or beneficial holder of Lock-Up Shares due to circumstances of emergency or hardship. In the event that the Company changes, amends, modifies or waives (other than to correct a typographical error) any particular provision of any other lock-up agreement entered into in connection with the Closing, then the undersigned shall be offered the option (but not the requirement) to make a corresponding change, amendment, modification or waiver to this
Agreement, which option may be exercised by a written consent executed by the Securityholders holding a majority of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock then held by the Securityholders in the aggregate as to which this Agreement has not been
terminated, executed in the same manner as this Agreement and which makes reference to this Agreement, and which changes, amendments, modifications or waivers, if approved in accordance with the terms hereof, will thereafter be binding on all of the
undersigned. 

4. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of: 

a. 

For the first 25% of each Securityholders Lock-Up Shares, the
Closing Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the first 25% of each Securityholders Lock-Up Shares shall not be subject to the terms of this Agreement for any period of time. 

b. 

For an additional 25% of each Securityholders Lock-Up Shares,
(i) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the
public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or
exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation
of the Company. 

c. 

For an additional 25% of each Securityholders Lock-Up Shares,
(i) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the
public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or
exceeds $15.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation
of the Company. 

4 

d. 

For an additional 25% of each Securityholders Lock-Up Shares,
(i) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, (ii) the closing of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after the Closing Date that results in all of the
public stockholders of the Company having the right to exchange their shares of Acquiror Common Stock for cash securities or other property, (iii) the first date on which the last reported sale price of the Acquiror Common Stock equals or
exceeds $17.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period and (iv) the liquidation
of the Company. 

5. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company, and any duly appointed transfer agent for the
registration or transfer of the securities described therein, are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Agreement. 

6. This Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part, only by a duly authorized agreement in writing, executed by the Company and
the Securityholders holding a majority of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock then held by the Securityholders in the aggregate as to which this Agreement has not been terminated, executed in the same manner as this Agreement and which makes
reference to this Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence and any purported amendment by any party or parties hereto effected in a manner which does not comply with this
Section 6 shall be null and void, ab initio. 

7. Except as set forth herein, no party hereto may assign
either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of (i) with respect to any Securityholder, the Company, and (ii) with respect to the Company, the Securityholders holding a
majority of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock then held by the Securityholders in the aggregate as to which this Agreement has not been terminated. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not
operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Agreement shall be binding on each Securityholder and each of its respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees. 

8. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect
to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this
Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the Delaware Chancery Court, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue
or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

9. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement or any joinder to this Agreement by electronic means, including DocuSign, e-mail, or scanned pages shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart to this Agreement. 

10. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any term or other provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, all other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the
transactions contemplated hereby are not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto. Upon such determination that any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, the parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally
contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

5 

11. The liability of any Securityholder hereunder is several (and not joint).
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in no event will any Securityholder be liable for any other Securityholders breach of such other Securityholders obligations under this Agreement. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year
first above written. 

BLAIZE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Dinakar Munagala

Name: Dinakar Munagala

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: 

/s/ Farnam Jahanian

Name: Farnam Jahanian

Title: 

[Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement] 

SECURITYHOLDERS:

U&L Holdings, LLC

By: 

/s/ Lorenzo Lamadrid

Name: Lorenzo Lamadrid

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I 

SECURITYHOLDERS 

Farnam Jahanian 

U&L Holdings, LLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>d903961dex1014.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.14
<TEXT>
EX-10.14

Exhibit 10.14 

SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT 

THIS SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. IT MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN
THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SAID ACT. 

$8,753,744.21 January 13, 2025

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BurTech LP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower),
hereby unconditionally promises to pay as set out hereunder, on behalf of, and if required hereunder in the case of an Event of Default (as defined below), to, Burtech Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation, or its successors and permitted
assigns (including Blaize Holdings, Inc. following Closing (as defined herein) (the Lender), a principal amount of Eight Million Seven Hundred Fifty-Three Thousand Seven Hundred Forty-Four and 21/100 Dollars ($8,753,744.21), upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Secured Promissory Note and Pledge Agreement (as may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, this Note). 

1. 

Acquiror and Company Transaction Expenses; Note Amount; Payments and Reductions.

a. (i) This Note is issued pursuant to the agreement of the Lender and the Borrower in connection with certain obligations set out in the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 22, 2023, by and among Lender, BurTech Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Lender, Blaize, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Blaize), and for the
limited purposes set forth therein, Burkhan Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (as amended on April 22, 2024, October 24, 2024 and November 21, 2024, the Merger Agreement), such that notwithstanding
Section 11.6 of the Merger Agreement, the Borrower and the Lender, inter alia, have agreed under that certain Letter Agreement dated December 31, 2024 (the Dec31 Letter Agreement), that certain Acquiror
Transaction Expenses and Company Transaction Expenses (each as defined in the Merger Agreement) payable at Closing (as defined in the Merger Agreement) by the Lender as set forth in Exhibit A attached to the Dec 31 Letter Agreement will instead
become the responsibility of, and payable by, the Borrower (the Covered Expenses). Certain of the Covered Expenses shall be paid via liquidation of the Trust Account (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and disbursement of the
amounts therein on or about Closing to certain payees, with the balance of the Covered Expenses after such payments set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto (the Remaining Covered Expenses) immediately across from the name of
the applicable payee (each a Payee). The principal amount of Eight Million Seven Hundred Fifty- Three Thousand Seven Hundred Forty-Four and 21/100 Dollars ($8,753,744.21) due under this Note reflects the aggregate amount of the
Remaining Covered Expenses. 

(ii) Each time that the Borrower or an affiliate of Borrower pays to Payee(s) any amount with respect to
applicable Remaining Covered Expenses, the Borrower shall promptly notify the Lender in writing of the same and attach to such notice evidence of the successful transfer of the relevant amounts via wire transfer or ACH to the account of such
Payee(s) (each such paid amount being a Borrower Paid Covered Expenses), and the principal amount of this Note shall automatically be reduced by the amount of such Borrower Paid Covered Expenses with no further signature or action
required by the Borrower or the Lender and shall deliver such Amended Note to the Borrower. 

(iii) In the event that any Payee (other than Lender) demands payment from Lender on or
after the Closing but prior to the Expense Payment Deadline (as defined below), the Borrower and the Lender shall each use commercially reasonable best efforts to cause Payee to agree to a reduction in the amount due to it with respected to the
Remaining Covered Expenses applicable to such Payee and an extension of the timeline for payment of such amount or reduced amount (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, if such Payee agrees to a reduction in the amount of such applicable
Remaining Covered Expenses as evidenced in a writing signed by such Payee and delivered to Lender, then Section 1(a)(iv) shall apply and this Note shall be amended and restated to reflect such reduced amount with no further signature or action
required by the Borrower or the Lender. If following the completion of such efforts by the Borrower and Lender, Lender or an affiliate of Lender is required to pay to such Payee such Remaining Covered Expenses prior to the Expense Payment Deadline
for any reason, including, but not limited to, a failure of the Borrower to pay such Remaining Covered Expenses to the Payee at the time they become due pursuant to any engagement letter or other agreement (including as set forth above in this
Section 1(a)(iii)) between the Borrower and such Payee (such payment, a Paid Remaining Covered Expense), Borrower shall have ninety (90) calendar days after the date on which payment of such Paid Remaining Covered
Expense is made by Lender or its affiliate to such Payee (the last day of such ninety (90) day period being the Lender Payment Reimbursement Date) to reimburse Lender in immediately available cash in full the amount of such
Paid Remaining Covered Expense. Following payment by the Borrower of any reimbursement to Lender pursuant to this Section 1(a)(iii), the amount of such reimbursement shall constitute a Borrower Paid Covered Expense for purposes of this Note,
and the principal amount of this Note shall automatically be reduced by the amount of the reimbursement received by Lender with no further signature or action required by the Borrower or the Lender. 

(iv) In the event that any of the Payees agrees to a reduction in the amount due to it with respect to the Remaining Covered Expenses, as
evidenced in a writing signed by the applicable Payee and delivered by the Borrower to the Lender (each a Reduced PaymentAmount), then the Lender shall amend and restate this Note (an Amended Note) to
bear a reduced principal amount taking into account such Reduced Payment Amount with no further signature or action required by the Borrower or the Lender and shall deliver such Amended Note to the Borrower. 

(v) For certainty, all of the Borrower and the Lenders rights, obligations, covenants, representations and warranties contained in this
Note shall remain unchanged and shall remain in full force and effect under an Amended Note which shall only amend this Note pursuant to this Section 1(a) to reflect Reduced Payment Amounts; provided, however, that any other terms
in an Amended Note that deviate from those contained in this Note shall be null and void unless such Amended Note is executed by both the Borrower and the Lender. 

b. The Borrower promises to pay to the Lender, beginning on the Maturity Date, interest at a rate equal to 7% per annum with annual
compounding, compounded on December 31 of each year this Note remains outstanding, regarding the remaining principal amount of the Note as at the Maturity Date, until such remaining principal amount is paid. Interest will be computed on the basis of
a 365-day or 366-day year, as appropriate, for the actual days elapsed. 

2 

c. Any remaining obligations under this Note shall be due and payable in full upon an Event
of Default (as defined below) (the Maturity Date). 

d. All payments received by the Lender hereunder in the case of an
Event of Default will be applied: (i) first, to the cost of collection of any amounts due under this Note, or any other reasonable fees and reasonable expenses of Lender incurred in connection with the collection or enforcement of this Note,
(ii) next, to accrued but unpaid interest with respect to this Note; and (iii) thereafter, the balance to principal of this Note. All payments due and payable hereunder shall be made free and clear of any taxes, encumbrances or offsets and the
Borrower hereby waives all right under law to set off any amounts owed hereunder. Amounts borrowed and repaid may not be reborrowed. 

2. 

Security; New Blaize Share Issuances. 

a. The Borrower holds 2,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Lender, which will become shares of
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (New Blaize Shares), of Blaize Holdings, Inc. (New Blaize) in connection with the Closing (the Designated Shares). The Borrower hereby pledges to the
Lender, and grants to the Lender a first priority security interest in and continuing lien on all of the Borrowers right, title and interest in, to and under the Designated Shares held directly or indirectly by the Borrower, together with all
dividends, distributions, interest, profits, premiums, income, proceeds and products of and from any and all of the foregoing (collectively, the Pledged Collateral), and the acceptance of the Pledged Collateral for purposes of
this Note, will be deemed to waive any transfer restrictions that may cover the Pledged Collateral pursuant to that certain Letter Agreement, dated December 10, 2021 by and among the Lender, the Borrower and its officers and directors (the
LetterAgreement). For the avoidance of doubt, until such time as the Lender exercises its rights with respect to the Pledged Collateral, all economic burdens and benefits of ownership with respect to the Pledged
Collateral, including any such aforementioned transfer restrictions, the right to appreciation, the risk of loss and the right to receive dividends, are retained by the Borrower, but shall be subject to Section 1 above.

b. This Note secures, and the Pledged Collateral is security for the prompt payment in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by
acceleration or otherwise, and performance of all obligations of the Borrower of any kind under or in connection with this Note. 

c. Any
certificates evidencing the Pledged Collateral shall be delivered to and held by or on behalf of the Lender. All Pledged Collateral so delivered shall be accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank, and in form and
substance satisfactory to the Lender. If any of the Pledged Collateral constitutes an uncertificated security (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code), the Borrower shall cause the issuer thereof to agree in writing with the Borrower and the
Lender that such issuer will comply with instructions originated by the Lender without further consent of the Borrower, such agreement to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lender. If any of the Pledged Collateral is currently not
certificated but later becomes certificated, the Borrower shall immediately deliver to the Lender all such certificates evidencing the Pledged Collateral, together with by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank, and in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender. 

3 

d. This Note shall create a continuing security interest in the Pledged Collateral and shall
remain in full force and effect until the satisfaction of all obligations under this Note. Upon the earlier of (i) Borrowers payment of all Remaining Covered Expenses (as reduced from time to time by any Reduced Payment Amounts) to the
Payees and delivery of a written notice to the Lender confirming the same (collectively, the Repayment Event), and (ii) satisfaction of all obligations under this Note, the security interest granted hereby shall automatically
terminate hereunder and all rights to the Pledged Collateral shall revert to the Borrower. 

e. Pursuant to the Dec 31 Letter Agreement,
promptly following the execution of this Note and at Closing, in consideration for its entry into this Note, the Lender shall issue to the Borrower 750,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share of New Blaize, as further described in
the Dec 31 Letter Agreement (the Subscribed Shares). 

f. The Borrower agrees, from time to time and at its expense, that
it shall promptly execute and deliver and file or cause to be filed of record all financing statements, amendments thereto or other further instruments and documents, and take all further action, that may be reasonably necessary, or that the Lender
may reasonably request, in order to create and/or maintain the validity, perfection or priority of and protect any security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Lender to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies
hereunder with respect to the Pledged Collateral. Should the Borrower fail to do so, the Lender is authorized to file or cause to be filed, and if applicable sign any such financing statements or other documents as the Borrowers agent to the
extent permitted by law and to advance such reasonable costs related thereto, the payment of which shall be secured by the lien created by this Note. The Borrower further agrees that a photocopy or other reproduction of this Note or of a financing
statement is sufficient as a financing statement. Borrower represents and warrants that its exact legal name and principal residence are as set forth on the signature pages hereto. The Borrower agrees that it shall not change its legal name or
principal residence except upon prior written notice thereof to Lender, and shall file or cause to be filed of record all financing statements or amendments thereto as may be reasonably necessary to maintain the validity, perfection and priority of
the security interest granted hereby as a result of such change. 

g. The Borrower agrees not to: (i) directly or indirectly (whether
by act, omission, or operation of law), Transfer any of the Pledged Collateral (other than the pledge pursuant to this Note); (ii) create or permit to exist any pledge upon or with respect to any of the Pledged Collateral except pursuant to this
Note; (iii) create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness or liability that is secured by the Pledged Collateral; or (iv) enter into any other contractual obligations which may restrict or inhibit the Lenders rights or
ability to sell or otherwise dispose of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof. 

h. The Borrower hereby appoints the Lender as the
Borrowers attorney-in-fact effective upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, with full authority in the place and stead of the
Borrower and in the name of the Borrower or otherwise, from time to time in the Lenders discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Lender may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this
Section 2, including, without limitation, to receive, indorse and collect all instruments made payable to the Borrower representing any distribution in respect of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof. 

4 

i. The Lender shall have the right, at any time in its discretion following the occurrence
of an Event of Default, to transfer to or to register in the name of the Lender or any of its nominees any or all of the Pledged Collateral, including by instruction to the Lenders transfer agent, without further action or consent by, or
notice to, the Borrower. 

j. Borrower represents and warrants as follows: 

1. 

The Borrower is the sole record and beneficial owner of, and possesses legal title to, the Pledged Collateral.

2. 

Pursuant to this Note, the Lender has a valid and perfected first priority security interest in the Pledged
Collateral, securing the payment of the principal of and the interest on the Note and the performance of Borrowers obligations pursuant to this Note. 

3. 

No consent of any other party (including, without limitation, any creditor of the Borrower) and no governmental
approval is required either (i) for the pledge by the Borrower of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to this Note or for the execution, delivery or performance of this Note by Borrower or (ii) for the exercise by the Lender of the voting or
other rights provided for in this Note or the remedies in respect of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to this Note (except as may be required in connection with such disposition by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally).

4. 

The Pledged Collateral is free of all other encumbrances, liens, security interests or defenses other than
pursuant to this Note, or as the Lender or its affiliates may have otherwise placed or caused to be placed on the Pledged Collateral, and Borrower will not further encumber the Pledged Collateral without the prior written consent of Lender.

5. 

Borrower will pay the principal sum of the Note, together with accrued interest (if applicable), at the times
and in the manners provided in this Note. 

6. 

On and as of the date any property becomes Pledged Collateral, the foregoing representations and warranties
shall apply to such additional Pledged Collateral. 

7. 

This Note has been duly authorized, validly executed and delivered by the Borrower. Assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery of the same by the Lender, this Note shall constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors generally and by the availability of equitable remedies. 

5 

8. 

Borrower (i) is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities
Act), an institutional accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), or (7) under the Securities Act), or an accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act)
satisfying the applicable requirements, (ii) is acquiring the Subscribed Shares only for its own account and not for the account of others, or if Borrower is subscribing for the Subscribed Shares as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor
accounts, each owner of such account is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an accredited investor (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) and Borrower
has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations and agreements herein on behalf of each owner of each such account, and (iii) is not acquiring the
Subscribed Shares with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act. Borrower is not an entity formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Subscribed Shares.

9. 

Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Subscribed Shares are being offered in a transaction not involving
any public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act and that the Subscribed Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Subscribed Shares may not be offered, resold, transferred,
pledged or otherwise disposed of by Borrower absent an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, except (i) to the Lender or a subsidiary thereof, (ii) pursuant to an applicable exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act, and, in each of clauses (i)-(ii), in accordance with any applicable securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions of the United States, and that any certificates or account entries representing the Subscribed Shares
shall contain a restrictive legend to such effect. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Subscribed Shares will be subject to these securities law transfer restrictions, and as a result of these transfer restrictions, Borrower may not be able to
readily offer, resell, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of the Subscribed Shares and may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the Subscribed Shares for an indefinite period of time . The Borrower acknowledges and agrees
that the Subscribed Shares will not be immediately eligible for offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (Rule 144) until at least one year following the filing by
Lender of certain required information with the Commission after the Closing Date. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, pledge or transfer of any of the Subscribed
Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is acknowledged and agreed by Lender that under the Dec 31 Letter Agreement, Lender is required to within thirty (30) days of the Closing Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement), file a general
registration statement covering the resale by the Borrower of the Subscribed Shares in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations so as to permit the resale of such securities by the Borrower under Rule 415 at
the then prevailing market prices, and shall take all reasonable steps to get the registration statement declared effective as soon as possible. 

6 

10. 

Borrower acknowledges that it is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the ownership of the
Subscribed Shares,. The Borrower has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Subscribed Shares, and the Borrower has had an opportunity to seek, and
has sought, such accounting, legal, business and tax advice as the Borrower has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that neither the Lender nor any of its affiliates has provided any tax
advice to the Borrower or made any representations or warranties or guarantees to the Borrower regarding the tax treatment of its investment in the Subscribed Shares. Borrower (i) is an institutional account as defined in FINRA Rule 4512(c) or
an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act, (ii) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private equity transactions and current or former special purpose acquisition companies and
capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities, and (iii) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in
the Subscribed Shares. 

11. 

The Borrower has analyzed and fully considered the risks of the Subscribed Shares and determined that the
Subscribed Shares are suitable for the Borrower and that the Borrower is able at this time and in the foreseeable future to bear the economic risk of a total loss. The Borrower acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists.

12. 

The Borrower understands and agrees that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of
the offering of the Subscribed Shares or made any findings or determination as to the fairness of this investment. 

13. 

Neither the Borrower nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors, managers, managing members, general
partners or any other person acting in a similar capacity or carrying out a similar function is (i) a person (including individual or entity) that is the target of economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or
enforced from time to time by relevant governmental authorities, including, but not limited to those administered by the U.S. government through the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC) or
the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom (collectively, Sanctions), (ii) a person or entity listed on the List of Specially
Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons administered by OFAC, or in any Executive Order issued by the President of 

7 

the United States and administered by OFAC, or any other any Sanctions- related list of sanctioned persons maintained by OFAC, the Department of Commerce or the U.S. Department of State, the
United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state, or the United Kingdom (collectively, Sanctions Lists), (iii) organized, incorporated, established, located, resident or a citizen, national, or the
government, including any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality thereof, of, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Venezuela, Afghanistan, the Crimea, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, or the
so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic regions of Ukraine, or any other country or territory embargoed or subject to substantial trade restrictions by the United States, the European Union or any individual
European Union member state, or the United Kingdom; (iv) directly or indirectly owned or controlled 50% or more by, or acting on behalf of, any such person or persons described in any of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv); or (v) a non-U.S. shell bank or providing banking services indirectly to a non-U.S. shell bank (collectively, (i) through (v), a Prohibited Investor). The
Borrower agrees to provide law enforcement agencies, if requested thereby, such records as required by applicable law; provided that the Borrower is permitted to do so under applicable law. The Borrower represents that (i) if it is a financial
institution subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. Section 5311 et seq.), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and its implementing regulations (collectively, the BSA/PATRIOT Act), that the Borrower maintains
policies and procedures to ensure compliance with its obligations under the BSA/PATRIOT Act, and (ii) to the extent required, it maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with the anti-money laundering-related
laws administered and enforced by other governmental authorities. Borrower also represents that it maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with Sanctions. 

14. 

No foreign person (as defined in 31 C.F.R. Part 800.224) in which the national or subnational governments of a
single foreign state have a substantial interest (as defined in 31 C.F.R. Part 800.244) will acquire a substantial interest in the Lender as a result of the issuance of the Subscribed Shares hereunder, and no foreign person will have control (as
defined in 31 C.F.R. Part 800.208) over the Lender as a result of the issuance of Subscribed Shares hereunder. 

15. 

The Borrower acknowledges having received and read the Risk Factors included in the proxy statement filed with
respect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and Lenders other publicly available filings with the SEC. 

3. 

Events of Default.

a. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder: 

(i) the Borrowers failure to pay the Remaining Covered Expenses (as reduced from time to time by Reduced Payment Amounts)
to the Payees by ninety (90) days after the date that the Subscribed Shares are registered and listed for trading on Nasdaq Global Market (such date, the Expense Payment Deadline); 

8 

(ii) the Borrowers failure to reimburse Lender by the Lender Payment
Reimbursement Date with respect to a Paid Remaining Covered Expense; 

(iii) the Borrower fails to perform or observe
in any material respect any covenant or other agreement contained in this Note, on the one hand, and the Lender, on the other hand, and if such failure is curable as determined reasonably by the Lender in good faith, such failure has not been cured
within twenty (20) days written notice from the Lender, or any representation, warranty or statement made by the Borrower in this Note was inaccurate or untrue in any material respect when made; 

(iv) the Borrower asserts, supports anothers assertion or fails to refute the assertion that the Borrowers
obligations under this Note are invalid (in whole or in part) or that the security interest granted pursuant to this Note are invalid, subordinated, or otherwise impaired in any way; 

(v) the Lender shall fail to have a first priority perfected security interest in and first priority lien on the Pledged
Collateral, other than a failure that results solely from the Lenders action or inaction, and such failure has not been cured within thirty (30) days written notice from the Lender; 

(vi) the Borrower becomes insolvent or admits in writing its inability or refusal to pay the Borrowers debts as they
become due or Borrower fails to pay any debt of Borrower that is $10,000 individually or $25,000 in the aggregate as such debt becomes due; 

(vii) the Borrower commences any case or other proceeding under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or
relief of debtors, or seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for the Borrower or for all or any part of the Borrowers property, or shall take any action to authorize any of the foregoing; or 

(viii) any case or proceeding is commenced against the Borrower to have an order for relief entered against the Borrower under
any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking other similar official relief for the Borrower or any part of the Borrowers property, and such case or proceeding (x) results in the entry of an
order for relief against the Borrower which is not fully stayed within twenty (20) days after the entry thereof, (y) is not dismissed within ninety (90) days of commencement or (z) is consented to or acquiesced in by the Borrower.

9 

b. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (other than with respect to subsections (vi),
(vii) and (viii) immediately above) and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event of Default, the Lender may declare all amounts due under this Note (including, without limitation, the aggregate principal amount outstanding
hereunder and all accrued and unpaid interest and all of the Lenders costs and expenses of enforcing this Note) immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest, and notice of acceleration, notice of intent to accelerate or
other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. In the case of an Event of Default referenced in subsections (vi), (vii) or (viii) above, all amounts due under this Note (including, without limitation, the
aggregate principal amount outstanding hereunder and all accrued and unpaid interest and all of the Lenders costs and expenses of enforcing this Note) shall automatically and immediately become due and payable to the Lender, without
presentment, demand, protest, and notice of acceleration, notice of intent to accelerate or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. The Lender shall have all remedies available to itself in law or equity,
including, but not limited to, those remedies available pursuant to this Note. 

4. 

Recourse.

This Note represents a full recourse obligation of the Borrower with respect to the Remaining Covered Expenses identified in
Section 1(a) (collectively, the Recourse Amount). If, for any reason, the Borrower fails to pay the full amount of the Recourse Amount to the Payees as due hereunder and the net cash proceeds of any sale
or other disposition of the Pledged Collateral are insufficient to cover the full amount remaining due in respect of the Recourse Amount, the Borrower shall be personally liable for 100% of all remaining unpaid Recourse Amount. Notwithstanding any
other provision herein, all payments made by the Borrower to the Lender shall be first applied to any outstanding balance of the Recourse Amounts. 

5. 

Certain Waivers, Consents and Agreements.

The Borrower hereby: (a) waives presentment, demand, protest, suretyship defenses and defenses in the nature thereof; (b) waives any
defenses based upon and specifically assents to any and all extensions and postponements of the time for payment, amendments, modifications, changes in terms and conditions and all other indulgences and forbearances which may be granted by the
holder to any party now or hereafter liable hereunder or for the indebtedness evidenced hereby; (c) agrees to any substitution, exchange, release, surrender or other delivery of any security or collateral now or hereafter held hereunder and to
the addition or release of any other party or person primarily or secondarily liable; (d) agrees that if any security or collateral given to secure this Note or the obligations evidenced hereby shall be found to be unenforceable in full or to
any extent, or if the Lender or any other party shall fail to duly perfect or protect such collateral, the same shall not relieve or release any party liable hereon or thereon nor vitiate any other security or collateral given for any obligations
evidenced hereby or thereby; (e) agrees to pay all costs and expenses incurred by the Lender or any of the Lenders affiliates or any other holder of this Note in connection with the collection of the obligations evidenced hereby,
including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, for the collection of the obligations evidenced hereby and the enforcement of rights and remedies hereunder, whether or not suit is instituted; (f) waives any
defenses based upon the validity or enforceability of this Note against the Borrower; and (g) consents to all of the terms and conditions contained in this Note and all other instruments hereafter executed evidencing or governing all or any
portion of the security or collateral for the obligations under this Note. 

10 

6. 

Indemnification.

The Borrower will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Lender from and against any and all losses, liabilities, damages, claims, penalties,
fines, forfeitures, actions, fees, costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of counsel and experts and their staffs and all expense of document location, duplication and shipment) (collectively, Lender Losses) arising
out of or in connection with Borrowers breach of the representations and warranties in this Note and the Lenders execution and performance of this Note, in each case as such Lender Loss is suffered or incurred; provided, that in
the event that any such Lender Loss is finally adjudicated to have been directly caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Lender, the Lender will reimburse the Borrower the amount of such indemnified Lender Loss to the extent
attributable to such gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

7. 

Delay Not A Bar.

No delay or omission on the part of the holder in exercising any right hereunder or any other instrument or agreement now or hereafter executed
in connection herewith, or any agreement or instrument which is given or may be given to secure the obligations evidenced hereby, or any other agreement now or hereafter executed in connection herewith or therewith shall operate as a waiver of any
such right or of any other right of such holder, nor shall any delay, omission or waiver on any one occasion be deemed to be a bar to or waiver of the same or of any other right on any future occasion. 

8. 

Severability.

If one or more provisions of this Note are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from this Note and
the balance of this Note shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 

9. 

Usury.

The Borrower shall not be obligated to pay, and the Lender shall not collect, interest at a rate higher than the maximum permitted by
applicable law or the maximum that will not subject the Lender to any civil or criminal penalties. If, because of the acceleration of maturity, the payment of interest in advance or any other reason, the Borrower is required to pay interest at a
rate in excess of such maximum rate, the rate of interest under such provision shall immediately and automatically be reduced to such maximum rate and any payment made in excess of such maximum rate, together with interest thereon at the rate
provided herein from the date of such payment, shall be immediately and automatically applied to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note as of the date on which such excess payment was made. If the amount to be so applied to
reduction of the unpaid principal balance exceeds the unpaid principal balance, the amount of such excess shall be refunded by the Lender to the Borrower. 

10. 

Notices.

All notices, requests, demands, waivers and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Note shall be in writing and be
deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered personally, (b) mailed, certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, (c) sent by next- day or overnight mail or delivery or (d) sent by electronic mail (so long as the sender
of such 

11 

electronic mail does not receive an automatic message from the recipients email server indicating that the recipient did not receive such electronic mail), as follows (or to such other
address as the party entitled to notice shall hereafter designate in accordance with the terms hereof): (i) if to the Borrower, at the Borrowers address as set forth on the signature page, or at such other address as the Borrower shall have
furnished to the Lender in writing, or (ii) if to the Lender, at the Lenders address as set forth below, or at such other address as the Lender shall have furnished to the Borrower in writing. All such notices, requests, demands, waivers
and other communications shall be deemed to have been received by (w) if by personal delivery, on the day delivered, (x) if by certified or registered mail, on the fifth business day after the mailing thereof, (y) if by next-day or overnight mail or delivery, on the day delivered, or (z) if by electronic mail, at the time indicated in such sent email (but only so long as the sender of such electronic mail does not receive an
automatic message from the recipients email server indicating that the recipient did not receive such electronic mail): 

If to the
Lender: 

4659 Golden Foothill Parkway, Suite 206 

El Dorado Hills, CA 95762 

Attention: Chief Executive Officer 

with a copy to: 

Latham & Watkins LLP 

140 Scott Drive 

Menlo Park, CA
94025 

Attention: Brian Patterson 

Email: brian.patterson@lw.com 

If to the Borrower, to the applicable address indicated on the Borrowers signature page hereto. 

11. 

Replacement Documents.

Upon receipt of an affidavit of the Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of this Note and, in the case of any such
destruction or mutilation, upon surrender (to the extent possible) and cancellation of this Note, the Borrower will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note in the same principal amount thereof and otherwise of like tenor. 

12. 

Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial.

This Note shall be governed and construed and the rights and liabilities of the parties hereto shall be determined in accordance with the
internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY
PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO 

12 

HEREBY (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK
TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS NOTE AND TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

13. 

Confidentiality. 

The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that this Note, the existence hereof and all terms of this Note are confidential and, without the prior
written consent of the Lender, may not be disclosed in any manner or form to any person, other than (a) as required by applicable law (so long as the Borrower provides the Lender with prompt written notice of such requirement, to the extent not
prohibited by law, and cooperates with the Lender to obtain an appropriate protective order, minimize the required disclosure and obtain reasonable assurance that any information will be accorded confidential treatment), (b) as necessary to enforce
this Note in accordance with the terms hereof or (c) to the Borrowers attorney, financial advisor, and/or tax advisor (if any) on a need-to-know basis
(provided such person is advised of the confidential nature of the information provided and agrees to hold such information in confidence and the Borrower shall be liable for any further disclosure or other use of such information by any person
referred to in this clause (c)). 

14. 

No Oral Change; Assignment.

Except as set forth in Section 1 with respect to the Amended Note, this Note may only be amended, terminated, extended or otherwise
modified by a writing signed by the party against which enforcement is sought. In no event shall any oral agreements, promises, actions, inactions, knowledge, course of conduct, course of dealing, or the like be effective to amend, terminate, extend
or otherwise modify this Note. Neither this Note nor any obligations or duties hereunder may be sold, assigned or delegated by the Borrower without the prior written consent of the Lender. This Note may not be sold, assigned or delegated by the
Lender without the prior written consent of the Borrower; provided, however, that the Borrowers consent shall not be required for a sale, assignment or delegation of this Note by the Lender to any of its affiliates. 

15. 

Survival of Provisions.

All representations, warranties and covenants of the Borrower contained herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Note, and shall
terminate only upon the full and final payment and performance by the Borrower of its indebtedness and obligations secured hereby. 

16. 

Rights of the Lender.

This Note and the rights and remedies provided for herein may be enforced by the Lender or any subsequent holder hereof. Wherever the context
permits each reference to the term holder herein shall mean and refer to the Lender or the then subsequent holder of this Note. 

13 

17. 

Counterparts.

This Note may be executed in two or more counterparts, which may be delivered by facsimile or .pdf copy, each of which shall be deemed an
original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 

[Signature page follows].

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Note to be duly executed as of the
date first set forth above. 

BORROWER:

BURTECH LP LLC

By: 

/s/ Shahal Khan

Name: Shahal Khan

Title: Senior Managing Member

Address:

5601 Arbor Lane

Coral Gables, FL 33156 Email: shahal@burkhan.world

LENDER:

BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

/s/ Shahal Khan

Name: Shahal Khan

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Secured Promissory Note and Pledge Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>d903961dex1015.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.15
<TEXT>
EX-10.15

Exhibit 10.15 

LETTER AGREEMENT 

This
letter agreement (this Letter Agreement) is made and entered into on January 13, 2025, by and among BurTech Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (Acquiror), BurTech Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Acquiror, Blaize, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Burkhan Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Burkhan), and BurTech LP LLC, a
Delaware limited lability company (Sponsor), and memorializes certain understandings and agreements of the parties hereto with respect to the terms and conditions of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
December 22, 2023, as amended by that certain Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 22, 2024, that certain Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan Merger, dated as of October 24, 2024, and that certain
Amendment No. 3 to Agreement and Plan Merger, dated as of November 21, 2024 (as so amended, the Merger Agreement) and related transaction documents. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement. 

1. 

Closing Date; Waivers. 

(a) 

Closing Date. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that closing shall take place electronically by
the mutual exchange of electronic signatures (including portable document format (.PDF)) on January 13, 2025 or as soon as practicable thereafter. 

(b) 

Company Waivers. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that as of the date first set forth above:
the conditions set forth in Section 9.3(d) and Section 9.3(f) of the Merger Agreement have hereby been satisfied, or if not satisfied, is hereby waived by the Company. 

(c) 

Backstop Waiver. Acquiror hereby acknowledges and agrees that the obligations of Sponsor under the
Backstop Agreement are hereby waived, and Sponsor has no obligation to purchase any shares of Acquiror or contribute any amounts under the Backstop Agreement. In lieu of such obligations, Burkhan, an Affiliate of Sponsor, has entered into a
subscription agreement on or about the date hereof to purchase 1,200,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the New Blaize Common Stock), of Acquiror at a price per share of $10.00 for an aggregate amount of
$12,000,000 (the PIPE Shares), which PIPE Shares shall not be subject to any lock up or similar contractual restriction. Acquirer shall, within forty-five (45) days of the Closing Date, file a resale registration
statement covering the resale by Burkhan of such PIPE Shares in accordance with applicable SEC rules (the Resale S-1), regulations and interpretations so as to permit the resale of
such securities by Burkhan under Rule 415 at the then prevailing market prices, and shall take all reasonable steps to get the registration statement declared effective as soon as possible. 

2. 

Certain Acquiror Transaction Expenses and Company Transaction Expenses. 

(a) 

Notwithstanding Section 11.6 of the Merger Agreement, the parties hereto have agreed that certain Acquiror
Transaction Expenses and Company Transaction Expenses set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto shall become the responsibility of Sponsor (the Alternative Expenses Arrangement) subject to the issuance of the New Blaize Common Stock
(as defined below) pursuant to Section 2(b) below. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that certain of such amounts payable by Sponsor under the Alternative Expenses Arrangement shall be paid via amounts in the
Trust Account on the Closing Date pursuant to the disbursement instruction letter issued by Acquiror to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company on or about the Closing Date; provided,however, that such amounts paid under the
Alternative Expenses Arrangement via the Trust Account on the Closing Date shall in no event exceed approximately $3,619,174. 

(b) 

Pursuant to the Alternative Expenses Arrangement, Acquiror shall issue at Closing to Sponsor, 750,000 shares of
New Blaize Common Stock at no additional cost to Sponsor, which New Blaize Common Stock shall not be subject to any lock up or similar contractual restriction. Acquirer shall, within thirty (30) days of the Closing Date, file the Resale S-1, which shall cover the resale by Sponsor of such New Blaize Common Stock in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations so as to permit the resale of such securities by Sponsor under
Rule 415 at the then prevailing market prices, and shall take all reasonable steps to get the Resale S-1 declared effective as soon as possible. 

3. 

Registration of Certain Sponsor and Burkhan Registerable Securities. Notwithstanding the Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated the date first set forth above (the RRA) entered into by, inter alia, Acquiror, Sponsor and the Sponsor Group (as defined in the RRA), or Section 1(c) or
Section 2(b) above, within four (4) business days following the Closing Date, Acquiror shall submit to or file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, a Registration Statement for a Shelf Registration (as defined in the
RRA) on Form S-1 (the Form S-1), covering the resale of all Registerable Securities (as defined in the RRA) of Sponsor and the Sponsor Group, which
shall be the same Form S-1 filed by Acquiror pursuant to Section 2.1 of that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated the date first set forth above, entered into by, inter alia, Acquiror, and
Ava Investors SA, Ava Private Markets S. R.L., Barthlmy Debray, Raphalle Mahieu and/or Benjamin Hazan (the Ava Parties) regarding the registerable securities of the Ava Parties (the Ava Group
Registerable Securities). Acquiror shall use its reasonable best efforts to have such Form S-1 declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof and to maintain the Form S-1 in accordance with the terms hereof, and shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be necessary to keep the Form S-1 continuously effective, in each case in line with Acquirors obligations under the RRA. 

4. 

Miscellaneous Terms. Sections 11.2 through 11.5, Sections 11.7 through 11.8, Sections 11.10
through 11.16 and Section 11.18 of the Merger Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Letter Agreement, as if set forth in full herein. 

[signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Letter Agreement to be duly executed
and delivered as of the date first written above. 

BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Shahal Khan

Name: Shahal Khan

Title: Chief Executive Officer

BURTECH MERGER SUB INC.

By: /s/ Shahal Khan

Name: Shahal Khan

Title: President

BLAIZE, INC.

By: /s/ Dinakar Munagala

Name: Dinakar Munagala

Title: Chief Executive Officer

BURKHAN CAPITAL LLC

By: /s/ Shahal Khan

Name: Shahal Khan

Title: Chief Executive Officer

BurTech LP LLC

By: /s/ Shahal Khan

Name: Shahal Khan

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d903961dex1016.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.16
<TEXT>
EX-10.16

Exhibit 10.16 

THINCI, INC. 

4659 GOLDEN FOOTHILL PKWY, SUITE 201 

EL DORADO HILLS, CA 95762 

June 18, 2018 

Dinakar Munagala 

4659 Golden Foothill Parkway 

Suite 201, El Dorado Hills, CA
95762, USA 

Dear Dinakar: 

ThinCI, Inc. (the
Company) is pleased to offer you continuing employment on the following terms: 

1. Position. Your title and position
with the Company will remain Chief Executive Officer, and you will continue to report to the Companys Board of Directors. This is a full-time position. While you render services to the Company, you will not engage in any other employment,
consulting or other business activity (whether full-time or part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the Company. By signing this letter agreement, you confirm to the Company that you have no
contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. 

2. Cash
Compensation. The Company will continue to pay you a salary at the rate of $200000 per year, payable in accordance with the Companys standard payroll schedule. This salary will be subject to adjustment pursuant to the Companys
employee compensation policies in effect from time to time. In addition, you will continue to be eligible to be considered for an incentive bonus for each fiscal year of the Company. The bonus (if any) will be awarded based on objective or
subjective criteria mutually established and agreed between you and the Companys Board of Directors. Any bonus for a fiscal year will be paid within 212
months after the close of that fiscal year, but only if you are still employed by the Company at the time of payment. The determinations of the Companys Board of Directors with respect to your bonus will be final and binding. 

3. Employee Benefits. As a regular employee of the Company, you will be eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored
benefits. In addition, you will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Companys vacation policy, as in effect from time to time. 

4. Equity. 

(a) You
previously purchased 3,000,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Purchased Shares). The Purchased Shares will remain outstanding and subject to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 2, 2010 evidencing
the Purchased Shares. In addition, you previously received an option grant to purchase 1,470,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Stock Option) pursuant to the Companys 2011 Stock Plan.

Dinakar Munagala 

June 18, 2018 

Page
2

The Stock Option will remain outstanding and subject to the terms of the Stock Option Agreement dated March 15, 2017 evidencing the Stock Option. You further acknowledge and agree that as of
the date hereof, except as described in this Section 4, you have no other rights to or interests in the Companys stock. 

(b)
You will vest in 100% of your remaining unvested Stock Option shares if you are subject to an Involuntary Termination. Such vesting acceleration benefit shall apply to any further options to purchase the Companys common stock that are issued
to you in the future. 

5. Severance Benefits. 

(a) General. If you are subject to an Involuntary Termination, then you will be entitled to the benefits described in this
Section 5. However, this Section 5 will not apply unless you (i) have returned all Company property in your possession, (ii) have resigned as a member of the Boards of Directors of the Company and all of its subsidiaries, to the
extent applicable, and (iii) have executed a general release of all claims that you may have against the Company or persons affiliated with the Company. The release must be in the form prescribed by the Company, without alterations. You must
execute and return the release on or before the date specified by the Company in the prescribed form (the Release Deadline). The Release Deadline will in no event be later than 50 days after your Separation. If you fail to return the
release on or before the Release Deadline, or if you revoke the release, then you will not be entitled to the benefits described in this Section 5. 

(b) Termination Not in Connection with a Change in Control. Subject to the requirements set forth in Section 5(a) above, if you
experience an Involuntary Termination either prior to a Change in Control or more than one year after a Change in Control, then you will be entitled to the following: 

(i) Cash Severance. The Company will pay you a lump sum equal to three months of your base salary at the rate in effect
at the time of your Separation (your Base Salary). Such payment will be made within 60 days after your Separation; however, if such 60-day period spans two calendar years, then the payment will be
made in the second calendar year. 

(ii) Salary Continuation. The Company will pay seventy-five percent (75%) of your
Base Salary (the Adjusted Salary) for a period beginning on the day after your Separation and ending on the date twelve (12) months after your Separation. The Adjusted Salary will be paid in accordance with the Companys
standard payroll procedures. The salary continuation payments will commence within 60 days after your Separation and, once they commence, will include any unpaid amounts accrued from the date of your Separation. However, if the 60-day period described in the preceding sentence spans two calendar years, then the payments will in any event begin in the second calendar year. 

Dinakar Munagala 

June 18, 2018 

Page
3

(iii) COBRA. If you elect to continue your health insurance coverage
under COBRA following your Separation, then the Company will pay the same portion of your monthly premium under COBRA as it pays for active employees and their eligible dependents until the earliest of (i) the close of the twelve (12)-month
period following your Separation, (ii) the expiration of your continuation coverage under COBRA or (iii) the date when you become eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment.

(c) Termination in Connection With Change in Control. Subject to the
requirements set forth in Section 5(a) above, if you experience an Involuntary Termination in connection with or within one year after a Change in Control, then you will be entitled to the following: 

(i) Cash Severance. The Company will pay you a lump sum equal to one year of your base salary at the rate in effect at
the time of your Separation. Such payment will be made within 60 days after your Separation; however, if such 60-day period spans two calendar years, then the payment will be made in the second calendar year.

(ii) COBRA. If you elect to continue your health insurance coverage under COBRA following your Separation, then the
Company will pay the same portion of your monthly premium under COBRA as it pays for active employees and their eligible dependents until the earliest of (i) the close of the twelve (12)-month period following your Separation, (ii) the
expiration of your continuation coverage under COBRA or (iii) the date when you become eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment. 

6. Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. You will remain subject to the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement
between you and the Company, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

7. Employment
Relationship. Employment with the Company is for no specific period of time. Your employment with the Company will be at will, meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with
or without cause. Any contrary representations that may have been made to you are superseded by this letter agreement. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation
and benefits, as well as the Companys personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized
officer of the Company (other than you). 

Dinakar Munagala 

June 18, 2018 

Page
4

8. Tax Matters. 

(a) Withholding. All forms of compensation referred to in this letter agreement are subject to reduction to reflect applicable
withholding and payroll taxes and other deductions required by law. 

(b) Section 409A. For purposes of
Section 409A of the Code, each payment under Section 5 is hereby designated as a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-2(b)(2). If the Company determines that you are a
specified employee under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code at the time of your Separation, then (i) any payments under this letter agreement, to the extent that they are not exempt from Section 409A of the Code
(including by operation of the next following sentence) and otherwise subject to the taxes imposed under Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code (a Deferred Payment), will commence on the first business day following the earlier of
(A) the expiration of the six-month period measured from your Separation or (B) the date of your death and (ii) the installments that otherwise would have been paid prior to such date will be
paid in a lump sum when such payments commence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any amount paid under this letter agreement that either (1) satisfies the requirements of the short-term deferral rule set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4); or (2) (A) qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and
(B) does not exceed the Section 409A Limit will not constitute a Deferred Payment. The provisions of this letter agreement are intended to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code so that none of
the payments and benefits to be provided under this letter agreement will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply or be exempt. You and the Company
agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this letter agreement and to take such reasonable actions as are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual
payment to you under Section 409A of the Code. 

(c) Tax Advice. You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding
your compensation from the Company. You agree that the Company does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities, and you will not make any claim against the Company or its Board of Directors
related to tax liabilities arising from your compensation. 

9. Interpretation, Amendment and Enforcement. This letter agreement and
Exhibit A supersede and replace any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral, implied or otherwise) between you and the Company and constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding the
subject matter set forth herein. This letter agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. The terms of this letter agreement and the resolution of
any disputes as to the meaning, effect, performance or validity of this letter agreement or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with, this letter agreement, your employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and
the Company (the Disputes) will be governed by California law, excluding laws relating to conflicts or choice of law. You and the Company submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in California
in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any Dispute. 

Dinakar Munagala 

June 18, 2018 

Page
5

10. Successors and Assignment. 

(a) Companys Successors. Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger,
consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys business and/or assets will assume the obligations under this letter agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this letter agreement in
the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this letter agreement, the term Company shall include any such successor to the
Company, or to the Companys business and/or assets, that executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 11(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this letter agreement by operation of law. 

(b) Employees Successors. The terms of this letter agreement and all of your rights hereunder will inure to the benefit of,
and be enforceable by, your personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. All of your obligations under this letter agreement are personal to you and may not be transferred or
assigned by you at any time. 

11. Definitions. The following terms have the meaning set forth below wherever they are used in this
letter agreement: 

Cause means (a) your unauthorized use or disclosure of the Companys confidential
information or trade secrets, which use or disclosure causes material harm to the Company, (b) your material breach of any agreement between you and the Company, (c) your material failure to comply with the Companys written policies
or rules, (d) your conviction of, or your plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any State, (e) your gross negligence or willful misconduct, (f) your continuing failure
to perform assigned duties after receiving written notification of the failure from the Companys Board of Directors or (g) your failure to cooperate in good faith with a governmental or internal investigation of the Company or its
directors, officers or employees, if the Company has requested your cooperation. 

Change in Control means the
consummation of a Liquidation Event (as such term is defined in the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as may be amended from time to time); provided, however, a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company will not
constitute a Change in Control. 

A transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Companys
incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction. In addition, a transaction shall not constitute a Change
in Control unless such 

Dinakar Munagala 

June 18, 2018 

Page
6

transaction also qualifies as an event under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v) (change in the ownership of a corporation), Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi) (change in the effective control of a corporation), or Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii) (change in the ownership of a substantial portion of a
corporations assets). 

COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Involuntary Termination means either (a) your Termination Without Cause or (b) your Resignation for Good Reason.

Resignation for Good Reason means a Separation as a result of your resignation within 12 months after one of the
following conditions has come into existence without your express written consent: 

(i) A reduction in your base salary by more than 10%
(unless a reduction in a similar percentage is made in connection with an across the board reduction in base salaries of the Companys senior executives); 

(ii) A material diminution of your authority, duties or responsibilities, including the fact that you are no longer serving as the
Companys Chief Executive Officer prior to a Change in Control, or are not serving as the primary executive officer in charge of a subsidiary or business unit that is a successor to the Companys business following a Change in Control;
excluding any change (including a change in your title) made solely as the result of your employer becoming a subsidiary or business unit of a larger company following a Change in Control; or 

(iii) A relocation of your principal workplace by more than 40 miles. 

A Resignation for Good Reason will not be deemed to have occurred unless you give the Company written notice of the condition within 90 days after the
condition comes into existence and the Company fails to remedy the condition within 30 days after receiving your written notice. 

Section 409A Limit means the lesser of two times: (i) your annualized compensation based upon the
annual rate of pay paid to you during the taxable year preceding your taxable year in which your termination of employment occurs, as determined under, and with such adjustments as are set forth in, Treasury
Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any guidance issued with respect thereto or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17)
of the Code for the year in which your employment is terminated. 

Dinakar Munagala 

June 18, 2018 

Page
7

Separation means a separation from service, as defined in the
regulations under Section 409A of the Code. 

Termination Without Cause means a Separation as a result of a
termination of your employment by the Company without Cause, provided you are willing and able to continue performing services within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(n)(1).

* * * * * 

Dinakar Munagala 

June 18, 2018 

Page
8

You may indicate your agreement with these terms and accept this offer by signing and dating
both the enclosed duplicate original of this letter agreement and the enclosed Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement and returning them to me. As required by law, your employment with the Company is contingent upon your providing legal
proof of your identity and authorization to work in the United States, if you have not already done so. 

If you have any questions, please
call me at _____________. 

Very truly yours,

THINCI, INC.

By: /s/ Ke Yin

Title: VP of Engineering

I have read and accept this employment offer: 

/s/ Dinakar Munagala

Signature of Dinakar Munagala

Dated: 6/20/2018

Attachment 

Exhibit A:
Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.17
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d903961dex1017.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.17
<TEXT>
EX-10.17

Exhibit 10.17 

THINCI, INC. 

4659 GOLDEN FOOTHILL PKWY, SUITE 201 

EL DORADO HILLS, CA 95762 

June 20, 2018 

Val Cook 

315 S Oak Dr. 

Woodland Hills, UT 84653 

Dear Val: 

ThinCI, Inc. (the
Company) is pleased to offer you continuing employment on the following terms: 

1. Position. Your title and position
with the Company will remain Chief Software Architect/Vice President of Research & Development, and you will continue to report to the Companys CEO. This is a full-time position. While you render services to the Company, you will not
engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full-time or part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the Company. By signing this letter agreement, you confirm
to the Company that you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. 

2. Cash Compensation. The Company will continue to pay you a salary at the rate of $ per year, payable in
accordance with the Companys standard payroll schedule. This salary will be subject to adjustment pursuant to the Companys employee compensation policies in effect from time to time. In addition, you will continue to be eligible to be
considered for an incentive bonus for each fiscal year of the Company. The bonus (if any) will be awarded based on objective or subjective criteria established by the Companys Chief Executive Officer and approved by the Companys Board of
Directors. Any bonus for a fiscal year will be paid within 212 months after the close of that fiscal year, but only if you are still employed by the Company at the
time of payment. The determinations of the Companys Board of Directors with respect to your bonus will be final and binding. 

3.
Employee Benefits. As a regular employee of the Company, you will be eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits. In addition, you will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Companys vacation policy,
as in effect from time to time. 

Val Cook 

June 20, 2018 

Page 2 

4. Equity. 

(a) You previously received an option grant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Stock Option)
pursuant to the Companys 2011 Stock Plan. The Stock Option will remain outstanding and subject to the terms of the Stock Option Agreement dated March 15, 2017 evidencing the Stock Option. You further acknowledge and agree that as of the
date hereof, except as described in this Section 4, you have no other rights to or interests in the Companys stock. 

(b) You
will vest in 100% of your remaining unvested Stock Option shares if (a) the Company is subject to a Change in Control before your service with the Company terminates and (b) you are subject to an Involuntary Termination within 12 months
after that Change in Control. Such vesting acceleration benefit shall apply to any further options to purchase the Companys common stock that are issued to you in the future. 

5. Severance Benefits. 

(a) General. If you are subject to an Involuntary Termination, then you will be entitled to the benefits described in this
Section 5. However, this Section 5 will not apply unless you (i) have returned all Company property in your possession, (ii) have resigned as a member of the Boards of Directors of the Company and all of its subsidiaries, to the
extent applicable, and (iii) have executed a general release of all claims that you may have against the Company or persons affiliated with the Company. The release must be in the form prescribed by the Company, without alterations. You must
execute and return the release on or before the date specified by the Company in the prescribed form (the Release Deadline). The Release Deadline will in no event be later than 50 days after your Separation. If you fail to return the
release on or before the Release Deadline, or if you revoke the release, then you will not be entitled to the benefits described in this Section 5. 

(b) Termination Not in Connection with a Change in Control. Subject to the requirements set forth in Section 5(a) above, if you
experience an Involuntary Termination either prior to a Change in Control or more than one year after a Change in Control, then you will be entitled to the following: 

(i) Cash Severance. The Company will pay you a lump sum equal to three months of your base salary at the rate in effect
at the time of your Separation (your Base Salary). Such payment will be made within 60 days after your Separation; however, if such 60-day period spans two calendar years, then the payment will be
made in the second calendar year. 

(ii) Salary Continuation. The Company will pay seventy-five percent (75%) of your
Base Salary (the Adjusted Salary) for a period beginning on the day after your Separation and ending on the date twelve (12) months after your Separation. The Adjusted Salary will be paid in accordance with the Companys
standard payroll procedures. The salary continuation payments will commence within 60 days after your Separation and, once they commence, will include any unpaid amounts accrued from the date of your Separation. However, if the 60-day period described in the preceding sentence spans two calendar years, then the payments will in any event begin in the second calendar year. 

Val Cook 

June 20, 2018 

Page 3 

(iii) COBRA. If you elect to continue your health insurance coverage
under COBRA following your Separation, then the Company will pay the same portion of your monthly premium under COBRA as it pays for active employees and their eligible dependents until the earliest of (i) the close of the twelve (12)-month
period following your Separation, (ii) the expiration of your continuation coverage under COBRA or (iii) the date when you become eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or
self-employment. 

(c) Termination in Connection With Change in Control. Subject to the requirements set forth in Section 5(a)
above, if you experience an Involuntary Termination in connection with or within one year after a Change in Control, then you will be entitled to the following: 

(i) Cash Severance. The Company will pay you a lump sum equal to one year of your base salary at the rate in effect at
the time of your Separation. Such payment will be made within 60 days after your Separation; however, if such 60-day period spans two calendar years, then the payment will be made in the second calendar year.

(ii) COBRA. If you elect to continue your health insurance coverage under COBRA following your Separation, then the
Company will pay the same portion of your monthly premium under COBRA as it pays for active employees and their eligible dependents until the earliest of (i) the close of the twelve (12)-month period following your Separation, (ii) the
expiration of your continuation coverage under COBRA or (iii) the date when you become eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment. 

6. Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. You will remain subject to the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement
between you and the Company, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

7. Employment
Relationship. Employment with the Company is for no specific period of time. Your employment with the Company will be at will, meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with
or without cause. Any contrary representations that may have been made to you are superseded by this letter agreement. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation
and benefits, as well as the Companys personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized
officer of the Company (other than you). 

Val Cook 

June 20, 2018 

Page 4 

8. Tax Matters. 

(a) Withholding. All forms of compensation referred to in this letter agreement are subject to reduction to reflect applicable
withholding and payroll taxes and other deductions required by law. 

(b) Section 409A. For purposes of
Section 409A of the Code, each payment under Section 5 is hereby designated as a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-2(b)(2). If the Company determines that you are a
specified employee under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code at the time of your Separation, then (i) any payments under this letter agreement, to the extent that they are not exempt from Section 409A of the Code
(including by operation of the next following sentence) and otherwise subject to the taxes imposed under Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code (a Deferred Payment), will commence on the first business day following the earlier of
(A) the expiration of the six-month period measured from your Separation or (B) the date of your death and (ii) the installments that otherwise would have been paid prior to such date will be
paid in a lump sum when such payments commence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any amount paid under this letter agreement that either (1) satisfies the requirements of the short-term deferral rule set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4); or (2) (A) qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and
(B) does not exceed the Section 409A Limit will not constitute a Deferred Payment. The provisions of this letter agreement are intended to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code so that none of
the payments and benefits to be provided under this letter agreement will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply or be exempt. You and the Company
agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this letter agreement and to take such reasonable actions as are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual
payment to you under Section 409A of the Code. 

(c) Tax Advice. You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding
your compensation from the Company. You agree that the Company does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities, and you will not make any claim against the Company or its Board of Directors
related to tax liabilities arising from your compensation. 

9. Interpretation, Amendment and Enforcement. This letter agreement and
Exhibit A supersede and replace any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral, implied or otherwise) between you and the Company and constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding the
subject matter set forth herein. This letter agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. The terms of this letter agreement and the resolution of
any disputes as to the meaning, effect, performance or validity of this letter agreement or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with, this letter agreement, your employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and
the Company (the Disputes) will be governed by California law, excluding laws relating to conflicts or choice of law. You and the Company submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in California
in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any Dispute. 

Val Cook 

June 20, 2018 

Page 5 

10. Successors and Assignment. 

(a) Companys Successors. Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger,
consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys business and/or assets will assume the obligations under this letter agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this letter agreement in
the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this letter agreement, the term Company shall include any such successor to the
Company, or to the Companys business and/or assets, that executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 11(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this letter agreement by operation of law. 

(b) Employees Successors. The terms of this letter agreement and all of your rights hereunder will inure to the benefit of,
and be enforceable by, your personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. All of your obligations under this letter agreement are personal to you and may not be transferred or
assigned by you at any time. 

11. Definitions. The following terms have the meaning set forth below wherever they are used in this
letter agreement: 

Cause means (a) your unauthorized use or disclosure of the Companys confidential
information or trade secrets, which use or disclosure causes material harm to the Company, (b) your material breach of any agreement between you and the Company, (c) your material failure to comply with the Companys written policies
or rules, (d) your conviction of, or your plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any State, (e) your gross negligence or willful misconduct, (f) your continuing failure
to perform assigned duties after receiving written notification of the failure from the Companys Board of Directors or (g) your failure to cooperate in good faith with a governmental or internal investigation of the Company or its
directors, officers or employees, if the Company has requested your cooperation. 

Change in Control means the
consummation of a Liquidation Event (as such term is defined in the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as may be amended from time to time); provided, however, a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company will not
constitute a Change in Control. 

A transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Companys
incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction. In addition, a transaction shall not constitute a Change
in Control unless such transaction also qualifies as an event under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v) (change in the ownership of a corporation), Treasury Regulation
1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi) (change in the effective control of a corporation), or Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii) (change in the ownership of a substantial portion of a
corporations assets). 

Val Cook 

June 20, 2018 

Page 6 

COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Involuntary Termination means either (a) your Termination Without Cause or (b) your Resignation for Good Reason.

Resignation for Good Reason means a Separation as a result of your resignation within 12 months after one of the
following conditions has come into existence without your express written consent: 

(a) A reduction in your base salary by
more than 10% (unless a reduction in a similar percentage is made in connection with an across the board reduction in base salaries of the Companys senior executives); 

(b) A material diminution of your authority, duties or responsibilities; or 

(c) A relocation of your principal workplace by more than 40 miles. 

A Resignation for Good Reason will not be deemed to have occurred unless you give the Company written notice of the condition within 90 days after the
condition comes into existence and the Company fails to remedy the condition within 30 days after receiving your written notice. 

Section 409A Limit means the lesser of two times: (i) your annualized compensation based upon the
annual rate of pay paid to you during the taxable year preceding your taxable year in which your termination of employment occurs, as determined under, and with such adjustments as are set forth in, Treasury
Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any guidance issued with respect thereto or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17)
of the Code for the year in which your employment is terminated. 

Separation means a separation from
service, as defined in the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. 

Val Cook 

June 20, 2018 

Page 7 

Termination Without Cause means a Separation as a result of a termination
of your employment by the Company without Cause, provided you are willing and able to continue performing services within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(n)(1).

* * * * * 

You may indicate your
agreement with these terms and accept this offer by signing and dating both the enclosed duplicate original of this letter agreement and the enclosed Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement and returning them to me. As required by law, your
employment with the Company is contingent upon your providing legal proof of your identity and authorization to work in the United States, if you have not already done so. 

If you have any questions, please call me at (916) 753 4167. 

Very truly yours,

THINCI, INC.

By: 

/s/ Dinakar Munagala

Title: CEO

I have read and accept this employment offer:

/s/ Val Cook

Signature of Val Cook

Dated: June 20, 2018

Attachment 

Exhibit A:
Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d903961dex1018.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.18
<TEXT>
EX-10.18

Exhibit 10.18 

November 15, 2018 

Mr. Dmitry Zakharchenko 

127 Wards Ridge Drive 

Cary, NC 27513 

Email: dvzl23@gmail.com

Dear Dmitry: 

On behalf of ThinCI (hereafter referred to as ThinCI or the Company), I am pleased to offer you exempt regular
employment as the Vice President of R&D and Product Development reporting to Dinakar Munagala on a full-time basis, starting on November 30, 2018. You will work from your home until an office is
established in the Raleigh area. While you render services to the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full time or part-time) that would create
a conflict of interest with the Company. By signing this letter, you confirm to the Company that you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. 

Should you accept our offer, ThinCI will pay you $275,000 on an annualized basis for your services, less deductions required by law, in
accordance with our normal payroll practices. You will be paid by ThinCI on a semi-monthly basis, on the 15th and the last day of the month. 

In addition, we are offering you a sign-on bonus of $30,000. This bonus will be payable within 45 days
of your start date. If before the completion of 1 year of employment you voluntarily leave employment at ThinCI, you must repay this sign-on bonus. 

As a condition of your employment, you will be required to travel to Thincis El Dorado Hills, California or Hyderabad, India offices an
average of one week per month. 

As a regular employee of the Company, you will be entitled to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits, including paid vacation in accordance with the Companys vacation policy, as in effect from time to time. Additional information regarding the employment policies of the Company is
set forth in our Employee Handbook, a copy of which will be available to you when you begin work. 

We will recommend to the Board of
Directors that you be granted 150,000 stock options. Details of the stock program, including vesting and exercise price, will be as set forth in the grant agreement provided to you after Board approval. 

ThinCI employs its employees at will, meaning that either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or
without cause and with or without notice. Should you join us, ThinCI will employ you on an at-will basis and apply to you the same policies and procedures applicable to its employees generally. We may, in our
discretion, determine other terms and conditions of your employment, including, but not limited, to, work assignments and work schedules, and may modify any terms and conditions of employment at any time, including your base salary or base pay rate.
Except for the CEO of the Company, no 

manager or other representative of ThinCI has authority to agree on behalf of the Company to employ any employee for any specific period of time, to employ any employee on other than an at-will basis, or to limit the Companys right to modify the terms and conditions of your employment Any agreement to employ any employee for any specific period of time, to employ any employee on other than an
at-will basis, or to limit ThinCIs right to modify the terms and conditions of your employment, is binding only if signed by you and the CEO of the Company. Any contrary representations that may have
been made to you are superseded by this letter. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on the term of your employment. 

All forms of compensation referred to in this letter are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding and payroll taxes and other
deductions required by law. You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding your compensation from the Company. You agree that the Company does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax
liabilities, and you will not make any claim against the Company or its Board of Directors related to tax liabilities arising from your compensation. 

Employees of ThinCI may work with and/or develop information which is considered confidential by the Company. Thus, like all Company
employees, you will be required, as a condition of your employment with the Company, to sign the Companys standard Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

This letter and Exhibit A supersede and replace any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral, implied
or otherwise) between you and the Company and constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding the subject matter set forth herein. This letter may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by
both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. The terms of this letter and the resolution of any disputes as to the meaning, effect, performance or validity of this letter or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with, this
letter, your employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and the Company (the Disputes) will be governed by California law, excluding laws relating to conflicts or choice of law. You and the Company submit to the
exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in [Santa Clara County], California in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any Dispute. 

Your offer is contingent upon completing ThinCIs Employment Application and successful completion of reference checks and background
investigation. Finally, in accordance with federal law, ThinCI requires all employees to present proof of their right to work in the United States prior to commencing work. Please be prepared to present documents demonstrating your right to work on
or before your first day of work. 

We are excited about the prospect of working with you and hope that you will decide to join us. In
order to memorialize your acceptance of our offer, please sign this letter in the designated space below and return it, and a signed copy of Exhibit A, to me by November 21, 2018. If we do not hear from you by November 21, 2018, our
offer will expire at the close of business on that date. 

If you have any questions about our offer or employment at ThinCI in general, I encourage
you to contact me at your convenience. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ Richard Janney

Richard Janney

CFO

I accept the offer of employment set forth above. 

/s/ Dmitry Zacharchenko 11/20/2018

Dmitry Zakharchenko Date

Start Date 

Attachment Exhibit A: 

Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.19
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d903961dex1019.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.19
<TEXT>
EX-10.19

Exhibit 10.19 

February 22, 2022 

Re:
Amendment to Offer Letter 

Dear Dmitry: 

On behalf of
Blaize, Inc. (Blaize or the company), I am pleased to inform you, due to your hard work, dedication, and commitment to the organization, you have been awarded an increase in your annual salary from $330,000 to $400,000
effective February 17, 2022. 

Your current job title and responsibilities will not change, and you will continue to work on your existing
assignments. We are confident the skills and talent you bring will greatly assist Blaize in achieving its goals. 

Additionally, if you are subject to a
Termination Without Cause (including if the company finds that we must reduce our workforce to ensure the financial stability of the company), then you will be entitled to the benefits described below, but only if you (i) have returned all
company property in your possession, (ii) have resigned as a member of the Boards of Directors of the company and all of its subsidiaries, to the extent applicable, and (iii) have executed a general release of all claims that you may have
against the company or persons affiliated with the company. The release must be in the form prescribed by the company, without alterations. You must execute and return the release on or before the date specified by the company in the prescribed form
(the Release Deadline). The Release Deadline will in no event be later than 50 days after your Separation. If you fail to return the release on or before the Release Deadline, or if you revoke the release, then you will not be entitled
to the benefits described below. 

If you are subject to a Termination Without Cause, then the company, in its sole discretion, will either provide you
with three months of notice or continue to pay your base salary for a period of three months after your Separation. Your base salary will be paid at the rate in effect at the time of your Separation and in accordance with the companys standard
payroll procedures. The salary continuation payments, if any, will commence within 60 days after your Separation and, once they commence, will include any unpaid amounts accrued from the date of your Separation. However, if the 60-day period described in the preceding sentence spans two calendar years, then the payments will in any event begin in the second calendar year. 

The following terms have the meaning set forth below wherever they are used in this letter agreement: 

Cause means (a) your unauthorized use or disclosure of the companys confidential
information or trade secrets, which use or disclosure causes material harm to the company, (b) your material breach of any agreement between you and the company, (c) your material failure to comply with the companys written policies
or rules, (d) your conviction of, or your plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any State, (e) your gross negligence or willful misconduct, (f) your continuing failure
to perform assigned duties after receiving written notification of the failure from the companys Board of Directors or (g) your failure to cooperate in good faith with a governmental or internal investigation of the company or its
directors, officers or employees, if the company has requested your cooperation. 

Separation means a separation from service, as defined in the regulations under
Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). 

Termination Without Cause means a Separation as a result of a termination of your employment
by the company without Cause, provided you are willing and able to continue performing services within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(n)(1).

For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each post-Separation salary continuation payment described above is
hereby designated as a separate payment. If the company determines that you are a specified employee under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code at the time of your Separation, then (i) the salary continuation payments described
above, to the extent that they are subject to Section 409A of the Code, will commence on the first business day following (A) expiration of the six-month period measured from your Separation or
(B) the date of your death and (ii) the installments that otherwise would have been paid prior to such date will be paid in a lump sum when the salary continuation payments commence. 

Except as specifically provided in this letter agreement, the terms of your offer letter dated November 15, 2018 (the Offer Letter) remain in
full force and effect. Your Offer Letter and this letter agreement constitute the complete agreement between you and the company, contain all of the terms of your employment with the company, and supersede any prior agreements, representations or
understandings (whether written, oral or implied) between you and the company. This letter agreement can only be amended or modified in a written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the company. 

Should you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to your manager or to Human Resources. 

Congratulations and thank you for your ongoing efforts. 

Harminder Sehmi 

Vice President, Finance 

/s/ Harminder Sehmi 

Acknowledged and Accepted 

/s/ Dmitry Zakharchenko 

02/24/2022

Dmitry Zakharchenko Date
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d903961dex1020.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.20
<TEXT>
EX-10.20

Exhibit 10.20 

THINCI, INC. 

4659 GOLDEN FOOTHILL PARKWAY, SUITE 201 

EL DORADO HILLS, CA 95762 

July 4, 2018 

Santiago Fernandez-Gomez

1160 Snowberry Ct 

Sunnyvale, CA 94087 

Dear Santiago Fernandez-Gomez:

ThinCI, Inc. (the Company) is pleased to offer you employment on the
following terms: 

1. Position. Your initial title will be Vice President of Platform Engineering, and you will initially report to
the Companys CEO. While you render services to the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full-time or
part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the Company. By signing this letter agreement, you confirm to the Company that you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would
prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. 

2. Cash Compensation. The Company will pay you a starting salary at the
rate of US$300,000 per year, payable in accordance with the Companys standard payroll schedule. This salary will be subject to adjustment pursuant to the Companys employee compensation policies in effect from time to time. In addition,
you may be eligible to be considered for an incentive bonus for each fiscal year of the Company. The bonus (if any) will be awarded based on objective or subjective criteria established by the Companys Chief Executive Officer and approved by
the Companys Board of Directors. 

3. Employee Benefits. As a regular employee of the Company, you will be eligible to
participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits. In addition, you will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Companys vacation policy, as in effect from time to time. 

4. Stock Options. Subject to the approval of the Companys Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee, you will be granted
an option to purchase 679,344 shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Option). The exercise price per share of the Option will be determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee when the Option is granted. The
Option will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to options granted under the Companys 2011 Stock Plan (the Plan), as described in the Plan and the applicable Stock Option Agreement. You will vest in 25% of the Option
shares after 12 months of continuous service, and the balance will vest in equal monthly installments over the next 36 months of continuous service, as described in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. 

5. Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. Like all Company employees, you will be required, as a condition of your
employment with the Company, to sign the Companys standard Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

6. Employment Relationship. Employment with the Company is for no specific period of
time. Your employment with the Company will be at will, meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. Any contrary representations that may have been made to
you are superseded by this letter agreement. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Companys personnel policies and
procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company (other than you). 

7. Consulting. Company acknowledges that you may be consulting for other entities during your employment at Company. You represent and
warrant that: (i) no Company confidential or proprietary information, or intellectual property, will be disclosed to, or used to help perform any services for, any such third party, (ii) such consulting activities will not create any
conflict of interest with respect to your engagement by the Company and (iii) the time you spend on such consulting activities will not have any material affect on the time you are able to spend pursuant to your employment by Company. 

8. Tax Matters. 

8.1
Withholding. All forms of compensation referred to in this letter agreement are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding and payroll taxes and other deductions required by law. 

8.2 Tax Advice. You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding your compensation from the Company. You agree that the
Company does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities, and you will not make any claim against the Company or its Board of Directors related to tax liabilities arising from your
compensation. 

9. Interpretation, Amendment and Enforcement. This letter agreement and Exhibit A supersede and replace
any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral, implied or otherwise) between you and the Company and constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding the subject matter set forth herein. This
letter agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. The terms of this letter agreement and the resolution of any disputes as to the meaning, effect,
performance or validity of this letter agreement or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with, this letter agreement, your employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and the Company (the Disputes)
will be governed by California law, excluding laws relating to conflicts or choice of law. You and the Company submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in California in connection with any Dispute or any
claim related to any Dispute.* * * * * 

We hope that you will accept our offer to join the Company. You may indicate your agreement
with these terms and accept this offer by signing and dating both the enclosed duplicate original of this letter agreement and the enclosed Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement and returning them to me. This offer, if not accepted, will
expire at the close of business on July 6, 2018. As required by law, your employment with the Company is contingent upon your providing legal proof of your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Your employment is also
contingent upon your starting work with the Company on or before July 9, 2018. 

If you have any questions, please call me at
916.337.8669. 

Very truly yours,

THINCI, INC.

By: /s/ Dinakar Munagala

Name: Dinakar Munagala

Title: President & CEO

I have read and accept this employment offer:

/s/ Santiago Fernandez-Gomez

Signature of Employee

Date: July 5, 2018

Attachment 

Exhibit A: Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.21
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d903961dex1021.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.21
<TEXT>
EX-10.21

Exhibit 10.21 

BLAIZE HOLDINGS, INC. 

NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION PROGRAM 

Eligible Directors (as defined below) on the board of
directors (the Board) of Blaize Holdings, Inc. (the Company) shall be eligible to receive cash and equity compensation as set forth in this Non-Employee
Director Compensation Program (this Program). The cash and equity compensation described in this Program shall be paid or made, as applicable, automatically as set forth herein and without further action of the Board, to
each member of the Board who is not an employee of the Company or any of its parents or subsidiaries and who is determined by the Board to be eligible to receive compensation under this Program (each, an Eligible Director),
who may be eligible to receive such cash or equity compensation, unless such Eligible Director declines the receipt of such cash or equity compensation by written notice to the Company. 

This Program shall become effective upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
December 22, 2023, by and between BurTech Acquisition Corp., BurTech Merger Sub, Inc., Blaize, Inc. and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, Burkhan Capital LLC (such closing date, the Effective Date)
and shall remain in effect until it is revised or rescinded by further action of the Board. This Program may be amended, modified or terminated by the Board at any time in its sole discretion. No Eligible Director shall have any rights hereunder,
except with respect to equity awards granted pursuant to Section 2 of this Program. 

1. Cash Compensation. 

a. Annual Retainers. Each Eligible Director shall be eligible to receive an annual cash retainer of $80,000 for service
on the Board. 

b. Additional Annual Retainers. An Eligible Director shall be eligible to receive the following
additional annual retainers, as applicable: 

(i) Chairperson. An Eligible Director serving as the Chairperson of the
Board (other than an Executive Chairperson) shall be eligible to receive an additional annual retainer of $40,000 for such service. 

(ii) Audit Committee. An Eligible Director serving as Chairperson of the Audit Committee shall be eligible to receive an
additional annual retainer of $24,000 for such service. An Eligible Director serving as a member of the Audit Committee (other than the Chairperson) shall be eligible to receive an additional annual retainer of $16,000 for such service. 

(iii) Compensation Committee. An Eligible Director serving as Chairperson of the Compensation Committee shall be
eligible to receive an additional annual retainer of $20,000 for such service. An Eligible Director serving as a member of the Compensation Committee (other than the Chairperson) shall be eligible to receive an additional annual retainer of $14,000
for such service. 

c. Payment of Retainers. The annual cash retainers described in Sections 1(a) and 1(b) shall be
earned on a quarterly basis based on a calendar quarter and shall be paid by the Company in arrears not later than 30 days following the end of each calendar quarter. In the event an Eligible Director does not serve as a director, or in the
applicable position(s) described in Section 1(b), for an entire calendar quarter, the retainer paid to such Eligible Director shall be prorated for the portion of such calendar quarter actually served as a director, or in such position, as
applicable. 

2. Equity Compensation. 

a. General. Eligible Directors shall be granted the Initial Awards and Annual Awards described below (collectively,
Director Awards). The Director Awards described below shall be granted under and shall be subject to the terms and provisions of the Companys 2025 Incentive Award Plan (the 2025 Plan), or any
other applicable Company equity incentive plan then-maintained by the Company (the 2025 Plan or such other plan, in any case, as may be amended from time to time, the Equity Plan) and may be granted subject to the execution
and delivery of award agreements, including any exhibits thereto, in substantially the forms approved by the Board prior to or in connection with such grants. All applicable terms of the Equity Plan apply to this Program as if fully set forth
herein, and all grants of Director Awards hereby are subject in all respects to the terms of the Equity Plan. 

b.
Initial Awards. Each Eligible Director who is initially elected or appointed to serve on the Board after the Effective Date shall be granted an award (an Initial Award) in the form of restricted stock units
(RSUs), with the number of RSUs subject to each Initial Award determined by dividing (i) $600,000 by (ii) the average closing trading price of the Companys common stock over the 20 consecutive trading days ending
with the trading day immediately preceding the applicable grant date, rounded down to the nearest whole RSU. Each Initial Award shall be automatically granted on the date on which such Eligible Director is appointed or elected to serve on the Board
and shall vest with respect to one-third of the RSUs subject thereto on each of the first three (3) anniversaries of the applicable grant date, subject to the Eligible Directors continued service on
the Board through the applicable vesting date. 

c. Annual Awards. Each Eligible Director who (i) is serving on
the Board as of the date of any annual meeting of the Companys stockholders (the Annual Meeting) after the Effective Date and (ii) will continue to serve on the Board immediately following such Annual Meeting,
shall be automatically be granted an award (an Annual Award) in the form of RSUs, with the number of RSUs subject to each Annual Award determined by dividing (i) $200,000 by (ii) the average closing trading price of
the Companys common stock over the 20 consecutive trading days ending with the trading day immediately preceding the applicable grant date, rounded down to the nearest whole RSU. Each Annual Award shall be automatically granted on the date of
such Annual Meeting and shall vest in full on the earlier to occur of (x) the one-year anniversary of the applicable grant date and (y) the date of the next Annual Meeting following the grant date,
subject to the Eligible Directors continued service on the Board through the applicable vesting date. 

d.
Termination of Employment of Employee Directors. Members of the Board who are employees of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company who subsequently terminate their employment and remain on the Board will not receive Initial Awards or Pro-Rated Annual Awards, but to the extent that they otherwise become entitled to compensation under this Program after such employment terminates, will be eligible to receive, after termination of employment with
the Company and any subsidiary of the Company, Annual Awards. 

e. Accelerated Vesting. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, an Eligible Directors Director Award(s) shall vest in full immediately prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined in the 2025 Plan, or any similar or like term as defined in the then-applicable Equity
Plan), subject to the Eligible Directors continued service on the Board until immediately prior to such Change in Control, to the extent outstanding at such time, if the Eligible Director will not become, as of immediately following such
Change in Control, a member of the Board or the board of directors of the successor to the Company (or any parent thereof). 

f. Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Program, if, as of the date on which any Director Award is scheduled to be automatically granted pursuant to this Program, the Company has not yet filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Form
S-8 Registration Statement covering the shares of Company common stock subject to the Director Award, the Director Award shall instead be automatically granted upon the effectiveness of such Form S-8 Registration Statement (subject to the Eligible Directors continued service on the Board through the date of such effectiveness). 

3. Compensation Limits. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Program, all compensation payable under this Program will be
subject to any limits on the maximum amount of non-employee director compensation set forth in the Equity Plan, as in effect from time to time. 

*****
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.22
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d903961dex1022.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.22
<TEXT>
EX-10.22

Exhibit 10.22 

BLAIZE, INC. 2011 STOCK PLAN

NOTICEOF STOCK OPTION GRANT (INSTALLMENT
EXERCISE) 

The Optionee has been granted the following option to purchase shares of the Common Stock of Blaize, Inc.: 

Name of Optionee: ###PARTICIPANT_NAME###

Total Number of Shares: ###TOTAL_AWARDS###

Type of Option: ###DICTIONARY_AWARD_NAME###

Exercise Price per Share: ###GRANT_PRICE###

Date of Grant: ###GRANT_DATE###

Date Exercisable: ###VEST_SCHEDULE_DESCRIPTION###

Vesting Commencement Date: ###ALTERNATIVE_VEST_BASE_DATE###

Expiration Date: ###EXPIRY_DATE###. This option expires earlier if the Optionees Service terminates earlier, as provided in Section 6 of the Stock Option Agreement, or if the Company engages in certain corporate transactions, as provided
in Section 8(b) of the Plan.

By signing below, the Optionee and the Company agree that this option is granted under, and governed by the terms and
conditions of, the 2011 Stock Plan and the Stock Option Agreement. Both of these documents are attached to, and made a part of, this Notice of Stock Option Grant. Section 13 of the Stock Option Agreement includes important
acknowledgements of the Optionee. 

OPTIONEE: BLAIZE, INC

###PARTICIPANT_NAME### By: _______________________________

Title: ______________________________

Accepted on: ###ACCEPTANCE_DATE### 

THE OPTION GRANTED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE THEREOF HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION THEREOF UNDER SUCH ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL, THAT
SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

BLAIZE, INC. 2011 STOCK PLAN:

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (INSTALLMENT EXERCISE) 

SECTION 1. GRANT OF OPTION. 

(a)
Option. On the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant and this Agreement, the Company grants to the Optionee on the Date of Grant the option to purchase at the Exercise Price the number of Shares set forth
in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. The Exercise Price is agreed to be at least 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the Date of Grant (110% of Fair Market Value if this option is designated as an ISO in the Notice of Stock Option Grant and
Section 3(b) of the Plan applies). This option is intended to be an ISO or an NSO, as provided in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. 

(b) $100,000 Limitation. Even if this option is designated as an ISO in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, it shall be deemed to be an
NSO to the extent (and only to the extent) required by the $100,000 annual limitation under Section 422(d) of the Code. 

(c) Stock
Plan and Defined Terms. This option is granted pursuant to the Plan, a copy of which the Optionee acknowledges having received. The provisions of the Plan are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. Capitalized terms are defined in
Section 14 of this Agreement. 

(d) Equity Plan Amendment. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the option granted
hereby is subject to and conditioned upon approval by the Companys stockholders of an amendment to the Plan that increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance thereunder by not less than 21,116,294 Shares (the
Plan Amendment) on or within twelve (12) months following the Date of Grant, and the option shall not vest or be exercisable prior to the approval of the Plan Amendment by the Companys stockholders. If such
stockholder approval is not obtained by the end of the twelve (12)-month period immediately following the Date of Grant, the option granted hereby shall thereupon automatically be cancelled and forfeited and become null and void. The Optionee
expressly acknowledges that the Option is being granted prior to approval of the Plan Amendment by the Companys stockholders and is subject to and conditioned upon such approval. 

SECTION 2. RIGHT TO EXERCISE. 

(a) Exercisability. Subject to Subsection (b) below and the other conditions set forth in this Agreement, all or part of this
option may be exercised prior to its expiration at the time or times set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. 

(b) Stockholder
Approval. Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, no portion of this option shall be exercisable at any time prior to the approval of the Plan by the Companys stockholders. 

SECTION 3. NO TRANSFER OR ASSIGNMENT OF OPTION. 

Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this option and the rights and privileges conferred hereby shall not be sold, pledged or
otherwise transferred (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and shall not be subject to sale under execution, attachment, levy or similar process. 

SECTION 4. EXERCISE PROCEDURES. 

(a)
Notice of Exercise. The Optionee or the Optionees representative may exercise this option by giving written notice to the Company pursuant to Section 12(c). The notice shall specify the election to exercise this option, the number
of Shares for which it is being exercised and the form of payment. The person exercising this option shall sign the notice. In the event that this option is being exercised by the representative of the Optionee, the notice shall be accompanied by
proof (satisfactory to the Company) of the representatives right to exercise this option. The Optionee or the Optionees representative shall deliver to the Company, at the time of giving the notice, payment in a form permissible under
Section 5 for the full amount of the Purchase Price. 

(b) Issuance of Shares. After receiving a proper notice of exercise, the
Company shall cause to be issued one or more certificates evidencing the Shares for which this option has been exercised. Such Shares shall be registered (i) in the name of the person exercising this option, (ii) in the names of such
person and his or her spouse as community property or as joint tenants with the right of survivorship or (iii) with the Companys consent, in the name of a revocable trust. The Company shall cause such certificates to be delivered to or
upon the order of the person exercising this option. 

(c) Withholding Taxes. In the event that the Company determines that it is
required to withhold any tax as a result of the exercise of this option, the Optionee, as a condition to the exercise of this option, shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company to enable it to satisfy all withholding requirements. The
Optionee shall also make arrangements satisfactory to the Company to enable it to satisfy any withholding requirements that may arise in connection with the disposition of Shares purchased by exercising this option. 

SECTION 5. PAYMENT FOR STOCK. 

(a)
Cash. All or part of the Purchase Price may be paid in cash or cash equivalents. 

2 

(b) Surrender of Stock. At the discretion of the Board of Directors, all or any part
of the Purchase Price may be paid by surrendering, or attesting to the ownership of, Shares that are already owned by the Optionee. Such Shares shall be surrendered to the Company in good form for transfer and shall be valued at their Fair Market
Value as of the date when this option is exercised. 

(c) Exercise/Sale. All or part of the Purchase Price and any withholding taxes
may be paid by the delivery (on a form prescribed by the Company) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker approved by the Company to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Company. However, payment pursuant to
this Subsection (c) shall be permitted only if (i) Stock then is publicly traded and (ii) such payment does not violate applicable law. 

SECTION 6. TERM AND EXPIRATION. 

(a)
Basic Term. This option shall in any event expire on the expiration date set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, which date is 10 years after the Date of Grant (five years after the Date of Grant if this option is designated as an ISO
in the Notice of Stock Option Grant and Section 3(b) of the Plan applies). 

(b) Termination of Service (Except by Death). If
the Optionees Service terminates for any reason other than death, then this option shall expire on the earliest of the following occasions: 

(i) The expiration date determined pursuant to Subsection (a) above; 

(ii) The date three months after the termination of the Optionees Service for any reason other than Disability; or 

(iii) The date six months after the termination of the Optionees Service by reason of Disability. 

The Optionee may exercise all or part of this option at any time before its expiration under the preceding sentence, but only to the extent that this option
had become exercisable before the Optionees Service terminated. When the Optionees Service terminates, this option shall expire immediately with respect to the number of Shares for which this option is not yet exercisable. In the event
that the Optionee dies after termination of Service but before the expiration of this option, all or part of this option may be exercised (prior to expiration) by the executors or administrators of the Optionees estate or by any person who has
acquired this option directly from the Optionee by beneficiary designation, bequest or inheritance, but only to the extent that this option had become exercisable before the Optionees Service terminated. 

(c) Death of the Optionee. If the Optionee dies while in Service, then this option shall expire on the earlier of the following dates:

(i) The expiration date determined pursuant to Subsection (a) above; or 

3 

(ii) The date 12 months after the Optionees death. 

All or part of this option may be exercised at any time before its expiration under the preceding sentence by the executors or administrators of the
Optionees estate or by any person who has acquired this option directly from the Optionee by beneficiary designation, bequest or inheritance, but only to the extent that this option had become exercisable before the Optionees death. When
the Optionee dies, this option shall expire immediately with respect to the number of Shares for which this option is not yet exercisable. 

(d) Part-Time Employment and Leaves of Absence. If the Optionee commences working on a part-time basis, then the Company may adjust the
vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. If the Optionee goes on a leave of absence, then the Company may adjust the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant in accordance with the Companys leave of
absence policy or the terms of such leave. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, Service shall be deemed to continue for any purpose under this Agreement while the Optionee is on a bona fide leave of absence, if (i) such leave
was approved by the Company in writing and (ii) continued crediting of Service for such purpose is expressly required by the terms of such leave or by applicable law (as determined by the Company). Service shall be deemed to terminate when such
leave ends, unless the Optionee immediately returns to active work. 

(e) Notice Concerning ISO Treatment. Even if this option is
designated as an ISO in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, it ceases to qualify for favorable tax treatment as an ISO to the extent that it is exercised: 

(i) More than three months after the date when the Optionee ceases to be an Employee for any reason other than death or
permanent and total disability (as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code); 

(ii) More than 12 months after the date
when the Optionee ceases to be an Employee by reason of permanent and total disability (as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code); or 

(iii) More than three months after the date when the Optionee has been on a leave of absence for 90 days, unless the
Optionees reemployment rights following such leave were guaranteed by statute or by contract. 

SECTION 7. RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL. 

(a) Right of First Refusal. In the event that the Optionee proposes to sell, pledge or otherwise transfer to a third party any Shares
acquired under this Agreement, or any interest in such Shares, the Company shall have the Right of First Refusal with respect to all (and not less than all) of such Shares. If the Optionee desires to transfer Shares acquired under this Agreement,
the Optionee shall give a written Transfer Notice to the Company describing fully the proposed transfer, including the number of Shares proposed to be transferred, the proposed transfer price, the name and address of the proposed Transferee and
proof satisfactory to the Company that the proposed sale or transfer will not violate any applicable federal, State or foreign securities laws. The Transfer Notice shall be signed both by the Optionee and by the proposed Transferee and must

4 

constitute a binding commitment of both parties to the transfer of the Shares. The Company shall have the right to purchase all, and not less than all, of the Shares on the terms of the proposal
described in the Transfer Notice (subject, however, to any change in such terms permitted under Subsection (b) below) by delivery of a notice of exercise of the Right of First Refusal within 30 days after the date when the Transfer Notice was
received by the Company. 

(b) Transfer of Shares. If the Company fails to exercise its Right of First Refusal within 30 days
after the date when it received the Transfer Notice, the Optionee may, not later than 90 days following receipt of the Transfer Notice by the Company, conclude a transfer of the Shares subject to the Transfer Notice on the terms and conditions
described in the Transfer Notice, provided that any such sale is made in compliance with applicable federal, State and foreign securities laws and not in violation of any other contractual restrictions to which the Optionee is bound. Any proposed
transfer on terms and conditions different from those described in the Transfer Notice, as well as any subsequent proposed transfer by the Optionee, shall again be subject to the Right of First Refusal and shall require compliance with the procedure
described in Subsection (a) above. If the Company exercises its Right of First Refusal, the parties shall consummate the sale of the Shares on the terms set forth in the Transfer Notice within 60 days after the date when the Company
received the Transfer Notice (or within such longer period as may have been specified in the Transfer Notice); provided, however, that in the event the Transfer Notice provided that payment for the Shares was to be made in a form other than cash or
cash equivalents paid at the time of transfer, the Company shall have the option of paying for the Shares with cash or cash equivalents equal to the present value of the consideration described in the Transfer Notice. 

(c) Additional or Exchanged Securities and Property. In the event of a merger or consolidation of the Company, a sale of all or
substantially all of the Companys stock or assets, any other corporate reorganization, a stock split, the declaration of a stock dividend, the declaration of an extraordinary dividend payable in a form other than stock, a spin-off, an adjustment in conversion ratio, a recapitalization or a similar transaction affecting the Companys outstanding securities, any securities or other property (including cash or cash equivalents)
that are by reason of such transaction exchanged for, or distributed with respect to, any Shares subject to this Section 7 shall immediately be subject to the Right of First Refusal. Appropriate adjustments to reflect the exchange or
distribution of such securities or property shall be made to the number and/or class of the Shares subject to this Section 7. 

(d)
Termination of Right of First Refusal. Any other provision of this Section 7 notwithstanding, in the event that the Stock is readily tradable on an established securities market when the Optionee desires to transfer Shares, the Company
shall have no Right of First Refusal, and the Optionee shall have no obligation to comply with the procedures prescribed by Subsections (a) and (b) above. 

(e) Permitted Transfers. This Section 7 shall not apply to (i) a transfer by beneficiary designation, will or intestate
succession or (ii) a transfer to one or more members of the Optionees Immediate Family or to a trust established by the Optionee for the benefit of the Optionee and/or one or more members of the Optionees Immediate Family, provided
in either case that the Transferee agrees in writing on a form prescribed by the Company to be bound by all provisions of this Agreement. If the Optionee transfers any Shares acquired under this Agreement, either under this Subsection (e) or
after the Company has failed to exercise the Right of First Refusal, then this Agreement shall apply to the Transferee to the same extent as to the Optionee. 

5 

(f) Termination of Rights as Stockholder. If the Company makes available, at the time
and place and in the amount and form provided in this Agreement, the consideration for the Shares to be purchased in accordance with this Section 7, then after such time the person from whom such Shares are to be purchased shall no longer have
any rights as a holder of such Shares (other than the right to receive payment of such consideration in accordance with this Agreement). Such Shares shall be deemed to have been purchased in accordance with the applicable provisions hereof, whether
or not the certificate(s) therefor have been delivered as required by this Agreement. 

(g) Assignment of Right of First Refusal.
The Board of Directors may freely assign the Companys Right of First Refusal, in whole or in part. Any person who accepts an assignment of the Right of First Refusal from the Company shall assume all of the Companys rights and
obligations under this Section 7. 

SECTION 8. LEGALITY OF INITIAL ISSUANCE. 

No Shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this option unless and until the Company has determined that: 

(a) It and the Optionee have taken any actions required to register the Shares under the Securities Act or to perfect an
exemption from the registration requirements thereof; 

(b) Any applicable listing requirement of any stock exchange or
other securities market on which Stock is listed has been satisfied; and 

(c) Any other applicable provision of federal,
State or foreign law has been satisfied. 

SECTION 9. NO REGISTRATION RIGHTS. 

The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, register or qualify the sale of Shares under the Securities Act or any other applicable law.
The Company shall not be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the sale of Shares under this Agreement to comply with any law. 

SECTION 10. RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF SHARES. 

(a) Securities Law Restrictions. Regardless of whether the offering and sale of Shares under the Plan have been registered under the
Securities Act or have been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any State, the Company at its discretion may impose restrictions upon the sale, pledge or other transfer of such Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends
on stock certificates or the imposition of stop-transfer instructions) if, in the judgment of the Company, such restrictions are necessary or desirable in order to achieve compliance with the Securities Act,
the securities laws of any State or any other law. 

6 

(b) Market Stand-Off. In connection with any
underwritten public offering by the Company of its equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, including the Companys initial public offering, the Optionee or a Transferee shall not
directly or indirectly sell, make any short sale of, loan, hypothecate, pledge, offer, grant or sell any option or other contract for the purchase of, purchase any option or other contract for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or
agree to engage in any of the foregoing transactions with respect to, any Shares acquired under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company or its managing underwriter. Such restriction (the Market Stand-Off) shall be in effect for such period of time following the date of the final prospectus for the offering as may be requested by the Company or such underwriter. In no event, however, shall such period
exceed 180 days plus such additional period as may reasonably be requested by the Company or such underwriter to accommodate regulatory restrictions on (i) the publication or other distribution of research reports or (ii) analyst
recommendations and opinions, including (without limitation) the restrictions set forth in Rule 2711(f)(4) of the National Association of Securities Dealers and Rule 472(f)(4) of the New York Stock Exchange, as amended, or any similar
successor rules. The Market Stand-Off shall in any event terminate two years after the date of the Companys initial public offering. In the event of the declaration of a stock dividend, a spin-off, a stock split, an adjustment in conversion ratio, a recapitalization or a similar transaction affecting the Companys outstanding securities without receipt of consideration, any new, substituted or
additional securities which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any Shares subject to the Market Stand-Off, or into which such Shares thereby become convertible, shall immediately be
subject to the Market Stand-Off. In order to enforce the Market Stand-Off, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Shares acquired under
this Agreement until the end of the applicable stand-off period. The Companys underwriters shall be beneficiaries of the agreement set forth in this Subsection (b). This Subsection (b) shall
not apply to Shares registered in the public offering under the Securities Act. 

(c) Investment Intent at Grant. The Optionee
represents and agrees that the Shares to be acquired upon exercising this option will be acquired for investment, and not with a view to the sale or distribution thereof. 

(d) Investment Intent at Exercise. In the event that the sale of Shares under the Plan is not registered under the Securities Act but
an exemption is available that requires an investment representation or other representation, the Optionee shall represent and agree at the time of exercise that the Shares being acquired upon exercising this option are being acquired for
investment, and not with a view to the sale or distribution thereof, and shall make such other representations as are deemed necessary or appropriate by the Company and its counsel. 

(e) Legends. All certificates evidencing Shares purchased under this Agreement shall bear the following legend: 

THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, ENCUMBERED OR IN ANY MANNER DISPOSED OF, EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH
THE TERMS OF A WRITTEN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THE SHARES (OR THE PREDECESSOR IN INTEREST TO THE SHARES). SUCH AGREEMENT GRANTS TO THE COMPANY CERTAIN RIGHTS OF FIRST REFUSAL UPON AN ATTEMPTED TRANSFER OF THE
SHARES. THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY WILL UPON WRITTEN REQUEST FURNISH A COPY OF SUCH AGREEMENT TO THE HOLDER HEREOF WITHOUT CHARGE. 

7 

All certificates evidencing Shares purchased under this Agreement in an unregistered transaction shall bear
the following legend (and such other restrictive legends as are required or deemed advisable under the provisions of any applicable law): 

THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED, OR
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION THEREOF UNDER SUCH ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL, THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

(f) Removal of Legends. If, in the opinion of the Company and its counsel, any legend placed on a stock certificate representing Shares
sold under this Agreement is no longer required, the holder of such certificate shall be entitled to exchange such certificate for a certificate representing the same number of Shares but without such legend. 

(g) Administration. Any determination by the Company and its counsel in connection with any of the matters set forth in this
Section 10 shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and all other persons. 

SECTION 11. ADJUSTMENT OF SHARES. 

In the event of any transaction described in Section 8(a) of the Plan, the terms of this option (including, without limitation, the number
and kind of Shares subject to this option and the Exercise Price) shall be adjusted as set forth in Section 8(a) of the Plan. In the event that the Company is a party to a merger or consolidation or in the event of a sale of all or
substantially all of the Companys stock or assets, this option shall be subject to the treatment provided by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, as provided in Section 8(b) of the Plan. 

SECTION 12. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 

(a) Rights as a Stockholder. Neither the Optionee nor the Optionees representative shall have any rights as a stockholder with
respect to any Shares subject to this option until the Optionee or the Optionees representative becomes entitled to receive such Shares by filing a notice of exercise and paying the Purchase Price pursuant to Sections 4 and 5. 

(b) No Retention Rights. Nothing in this option or in the Plan shall confer upon the Optionee any right to continue in Service for any
period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining the Optionee) or of the Optionee, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to
terminate his or her Service at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. 

8 

(c) Notice. Any notice required by the terms of this Agreement shall be given in
writing. It shall be deemed effective upon (i) personal delivery, (ii) deposit with the United States Postal Service, by registered or certified mail, with postage and fees prepaid or (iii) deposit with Federal Express Corporation,
with shipping charges prepaid. Notice shall be addressed to the Company at its principal executive office and to the Optionee at the address that he or she most recently provided to the Company in accordance with this Subsection (c). 

(d) Modifications and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver
or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Optionee and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Optionee). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by
the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 

(e) Entire Agreement. The Notice of Stock Option Grant, this Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties
hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. They supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) that relate to the subject matter hereof. 

(f) Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, as such
laws are applied to contracts entered into and performed in such State. 

SECTION 13. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS OF THE OPTIONEE. 

(a) Tax Consequences. The Optionee agrees that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other
compensation programs in a manner that minimizes the Optionees tax liabilities. The Optionee shall not make any claim against the Company or its Board of Directors, officers or employees related to tax liabilities arising from this option or
the Optionees other compensation. In particular, the Optionee acknowledges that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the Code only if the Exercise Price is at least equal to the Fair Market Value per Share on the Date of Grant.
Since Shares are not traded on an established securities market, the determination of their Fair Market Value is made by the Board of Directors or by an independent valuation firm retained by the Company. The Optionee acknowledges that there is no
guarantee in either case that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the valuation, and the Optionee shall not make any claim against the Company or its Board of Directors, officers or employees in the event that the Internal Revenue Service
asserts that the valuation was too low. 

(b) Electronic Delivery of Documents. The Optionee agrees to accept by email all documents
relating to the Company, the Plan or this option and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including, without limitation, disclosures that may be required by the Securities and Exchange Commission). The
Optionee also agrees that the Company may deliver these documents by posting them on a website maintained by the Company or by a third party under contract with the Company. If the Company posts these documents on a website, it shall notify the
Optionee by email of their availability. The Optionee acknowledges that he or she may incur costs in connection with electronic delivery, including the cost of accessing the internet and printing fees, and that an interruption of internet access may
interfere with his or her ability to access the documents. This consent shall remain in effect until this option expires or until the Optionee gives the Company written notice that it should deliver paper documents. 

9 

(c) No Notice of Expiration Date. The Optionee agrees that the Company and its
officers, employees, attorneys and agents do not have any obligation to notify him or her prior to the expiration of this option pursuant to Section 6, regardless of whether this option will expire at the end of its full term or on an earlier
date related to the termination of the Optionees Service. The Optionee further agrees that he or she has the sole responsibility for monitoring the expiration of this option and for exercising this option, if at all, before it expires. This
Subsection (c) shall supersede any contrary representation that may have been made, orally or in writing, by the Company or by an officer, employee, attorney or agent of the Company. 

SECTION 14. DEFINITIONS. 

(a)
Agreement shall mean this Stock Option Agreement. 

(b) Board of Directors shall mean the Board of
Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time or, if a Committee has been appointed, such Committee. 

(c)
Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(d) Committee shall mean a committee
of the Board of Directors, as described in Section 2 of the Plan. 

(e) Company shall mean Blaize, Inc., a Delaware
corporation. 

(f) Consultant shall mean a person, excluding Employees and Outside Directors, who performs bona fide
services for the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary as a consultant or advisor and who qualifies as a consultant or advisor under Rule 701(c)(1) of the Securities Act or under Instruction A.1.(a)(1) of Form S-8
under the Securities Act. 

(g) Date of Grant shall mean the date of grant specified in the Notice of Stock Option
Grant, which date shall be the later of (i) the date on which the Board of Directors resolved to grant this option or (ii) the first day of the Optionees Service. 

(h) Disability shall mean that the Optionee is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any
medically determinable physical or mental impairment. 

(i) Employee shall mean any individual who is a common-law employee of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary. 

(j) Exercise Price
shall mean the amount for which one Share may be purchased upon exercise of this option, as specified in the Notice of Stock Option Grant. 

10 

(k) Fair Market Value shall mean the fair market value of a Share, as
determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. Such determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. 

(l)
Immediate Family shall mean any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law,father-in-law,son-in-law,daughter-in-law,brother-in-law or sister-in-law and shall include adoptive relationships. 

(m) ISO shall mean an
employee incentive stock option described in Section 422(b) of the Code. 

(n) Notice of Stock Option Grant shall
mean the document so entitled to which this Agreement is attached. 

(o) NSO shall mean a stock option not described in
Section 422(b) or 423(b) of the Code. 

(p) Optionee shall mean the person named in the Notice of Stock Option
Grant. 

(q) Outside Director shall mean a member of the Board of Directors who is not an Employee. 

(r) Parent shall mean any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the
Company, if each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 

(s) Plan shall mean the Blaize, Inc. 2011 Stock Plan, as in effect on the Date of Grant. 

(t) Purchase Price shall mean the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Shares with respect to which this option is
being exercised. 

(u) Right of First Refusal shall mean the Companys right of first refusal described in
Section 7. 

(v) Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(w) Service shall mean service as an Employee, Outside Director or Consultant. 

(x) Share shall mean one share of Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 8 of the Plan (if applicable). 

(y) Stock shall mean the Common Stock of the Company. 

11 

(z) Subsidiary shall mean any corporation (other than the Company) in an
unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the
other corporations in such chain. 

(aa) Transferee shall mean any person to whom the Optionee has directly or
indirectly transferred any Share acquired under this Agreement. 

(bb) Transfer Notice shall mean the notice of a
proposed transfer of Shares described in Section 7. 

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-14.1
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>d903961dex141.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-14.1
<TEXT>
EX-14.1

Exhibit 14.1 

BLAIZE HOLDINGS, INC. 

CODE OF CONDUCT 

Adopted
January 13, 2025 

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and of the
National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ), the Board of Directors (the Board) of Blaize Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), has adopted this Code
of Conduct (the Code) to encourage as reasonably necessary: 

Honest and ethical conduct, including fair dealing and the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of
interest; 

Full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosures; 

Compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

Prompt internal reporting of any violations of law or the Code; 

Accountability for adherence to the Code, including fair process by which to determine violations;

Consistent enforcement of the Code, including clear and objective standards for compliance; and

Protection for persons reporting any such questionable behavior. 

All directors, officers and employees (each a Covered Party and, collectively, the Covered Parties) of the Company are
expected to be familiar with the Code and to adhere to the principles and procedures set forth below. 

I. 

Conflicts of Interest 

A conflict of interest occurs when the private interests of a Covered Party interfere, or appear to interfere, with the interests of the
Company as a whole. 

For example, a conflict of interest can arise when a Covered Party takes actions or has personal interests that make
it difficult to perform his or her Company duties objectively and effectively. A conflict of interest may also arise when a Covered Party, or a member of his or her immediate family,1 receives
improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position at the Company. 

Conflicts of interest can also occur indirectly. For
example, a conflict of interest may arise when a Covered Party is also an executive officer, a major shareholder or has a material interest in a company or organization doing business with the Company. 

1 

Item 404(a) of SEC Regulation S-K defines immediate family
member as a persons child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law,father-in-law,son-in-law,daughter-in-law,brother-in-law or sister-in-
law, or any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the persons household. 

Each Covered Party has an obligation to conduct the Companys business in an honest and
ethical manner, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships. Any situation that involves, or may reasonably be expected to involve, a conflict of interest with the
Company, should be disclosed promptly to the Companys Audit Committee of the Board. 

This Code does not attempt to describe all
possible conflicts of interest that could develop. Other common conflicts from which Covered Parties must refrain are set out below: 

Covered Parties may not engage in any conduct or activities that are inconsistent with the Companys best
interests or that disrupt or impair the Companys relationship with any person or entity with which the Company has or proposes to enter into a business or contractual relationship. 

Covered Parties may not accept compensation, in any form, for services performed for the Company from any source
other than the Company. 

No Covered Party may take up any management or other employment position with, or have any material interest in,
any firm or company that is in direct or indirect competition with the Company. 

II. 

Disclosures 

The information in the Companys public communications, including all reports and documents filed with or submitted to the SEC, must be
full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable. 

To ensure the Company meets this standard, all Covered Parties (to the extent they are
involved in the Companys disclosure process) are required to maintain familiarity with the disclosure requirements, processes and procedures applicable to the Company commensurate with their duties. Covered Parties are prohibited from
knowingly misrepresenting, omitting or causing others to misrepresent or omit, material facts about the Company to others, including the Companys independent auditors, governmental regulators and self-regulatory organizations. 

III. 

Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations 

The Company is obligated to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. It is the personal responsibility of each Covered Party to
adhere to the standards and restrictions imposed by these laws, rules and regulations in the performance of his or her duties for the Company. 

The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer or Controller (or persons performing similar functions) of
the Company are also required to promote compliance by all employees with the Code and to abide by Company standards, policies and procedures. 

Covered Parties located outside of the United States must comply with laws, regulations, rules and regulatory orders of the United States,
including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and U.S. export control laws, in addition to applicable local laws. 

IV. 

Reporting, Accountability and Enforcement 

The Company promotes ethical behavior at all times and encourages Covered Parties to talk to supervisors, managers and other appropriate
personnel, including officers, the General Counsel, outside counsel for the Company and the Board or the relevant committee thereof, when in doubt about the best course of action in a particular situation. 

Covered Parties should promptly report suspected violations of laws, rules, regulations or the Code or any other unethical behavior by any
director, officer, employee or anyone purporting to be acting on the Companys behalf to appropriate personnel, including officers, the General Counsel, outside counsel for the Company and the Board or the relevant committee thereof. 

Reports may be made anonymously. If requested, confidentiality will be maintained, subject to applicable law, regulations and legal
proceedings. 

The Audit Committee of the Board or other appropriate officer or body shall investigate and determine, or shall designate
appropriate persons to investigate and determine, the legitimacy of such reports. The Audit Committee of the Board or other appropriate officer or body will then determine the appropriate disciplinary action. Such disciplinary action includes, but
is not limited to, reprimand, termination with cause, and possible civil and criminal prosecution. 

To encourage employees to report any
and all violations, the Company will not tolerate retaliation for reports made in good faith. Retaliation or retribution against any Covered Party for a report made in good faith of any suspected violation of laws, rules, regulations or this Code is
cause for appropriate disciplinary action. 

V. 

Waivers 

Before an employee, or an immediate family member of any such employee, engages in any activity that would be otherwise prohibited by the Code,
he or she is strongly encouraged to obtain a written waiver from the Board or other appropriate officer or body. 

Before a director or
executive officer, or an immediate family member of a director or executive officer, engages in any activity that would be otherwise prohibited by the Code, he or she must obtain a written waiver from the disinterested directors of the Board. Such
waiver must then be disclosed to the Companys shareholders, along with the reasons for granting the waiver. 

VI. 

No Rights Created 

This Code is a statement of certain fundamental principles, policies and procedures that govern the Companys Covered Parties in the
conduct of the Companys business. It is not intended to and does not create any rights in any employee, customer, client, visitor, supplier, competitor, shareholder or any other person or entity. It is the Companys belief that the policy
is robust and covers most conceivable situations.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-16.1
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>d903961dex161.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-16.1
<TEXT>
EX-16.1

Exhibit 16.1 

January 17, 2025 

Securities and Exchange Commission 

100 F Street, N.E. 

Washington, DC 20549 

Commissioners: 

We have read the statements made by Blaize
Holdings, Inc. (formerly BurTech Acquisition Corp.) under Item 4.01 of its Form 8-K dated January 17, 2025. We agree with the statements concerning our Firm in such Form 8-K; we are not in a position to agree or disagree with other statements of Blaize Holdings, Inc. (formerly BurTech Acquisition Corp.) contained therein. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>d903961dex211.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-21.1
<TEXT>
EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Blaize Holdings, Inc. 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation

Blaize, Inc. Delaware

Blaize New Computing Technologies India Private Limited India

Blaize Technologies Philippines, Inc. Philippines

Blaize U.K. LTD England
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>d903961dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

BLAIZE, INC. 

INDEX TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) F-2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (unaudited) F-3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and
Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) F-4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30,
2024, and 2023 (unaudited) F-5 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements F-6 

F-1 

BLAIZE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 

(unaudited) 

Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 68,640 $ 3,213 

Accounts receivable, net 1,784 11 

Accounts receivable related party (Note 13) 467 

Inventories 8,406 6,522 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 6,081 2,836 

Total current assets 84,911 13,049 

Property and equipment, net 2,032 1,555 

Deferred income tax assets 1,069 1,033 

Operating lease right of use assets 1,978 2,423 

Other assets 670 579 

Total assets $ 90,660 $ 18,639 

Liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders
deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Demand notes $ $ 4,750 

Accounts payable 10,979 14,925 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 6,924 7,464 

Accrued loss on purchase commitments 1,396 3,588 

Accrued compensation 3,326 1,938 

Income tax payable 359 1 

Current operating lease liabilities 655 569 

Convertible notes, current portion 15,977 14,641 

Total current liabilities 39,616 47,876 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 1,307 1,791 

Warrant liabilities 7,755 3,730 

Convertible notes 148,551 18,064 

Other liabilities 25 391 

Total liabilities 197,254 71,852 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock $0.00001 par value; 96,650,097 shares authorized as
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; 44,494,703 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; liquidation preference of $173,347 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
respectively 173,347 173,347 

Stockholders deficit: 

Common stock $0.00001 par value; 175,095,000 shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, respectively; 17,482,174 and 17,454,353 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Treasury stock, at cost: 124,225 shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 142,618 141,496 

Accumulated deficit (422,559 ) (368,056 ) 

Total stockholders deficit (279,941 ) (226,560 ) 

Total liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders deficit $ 90,660 $ 18,639 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F-2 

BLAIZE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Unaudited 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Revenue: 

Engineering services revenue related party (Note 13) $ 758 $ 555 $ 1,525 $ 3,426 

Hardware revenue 23 16 28 16 

Total revenue 781 571 1,553 3,442 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 476 217 1,039 1,490 

Research and development 5,799 3,912 15,765 14,168 

Selling, general and administrative 5,546 3,698 14,538 11,108 

Depreciation and amortization 251 651 688 1,706 

Loss on purchase commitments 116 349 

Transaction costs 77 6 163 24 

Total costs and expenses 12,149 8,600 32,193 28,845 

Loss from operations (11,368 ) (8,029 ) (30,640 ) (25,403 ) 

Other income (expense), net: 

Pay-to-Play
financing charge (30,637 ) 

Debt financing charge on convertible notes (2,640 ) (464 ) (2,640 ) 

Other income (expense), net 1,273 (2 ) 1,677 12 

Gain (loss) on foreign exchange transactions 31 (23 ) (62 ) 10 

Change in fair value of convertible notes (15,398 ) (1,639 ) (25,921 ) (3,546 ) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (90 ) 327 1,255 (745 ) 

Total other expense (14,184 ) (3,977 ) (23,515 ) (37,546 ) 

Loss before income taxes (25,552 ) (12,006 ) (54,155 ) (62,949 ) 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 55 (12 ) 348 (85 ) 

Net loss $ (25,607 ) $ (11,994 ) $ (54,503 ) $ (62,864 ) 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted $ (1.47 ) $ (3.38 ) $ (3.12 ) $ (17.70 ) 

Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders,
basic and diluted 17,478,371 3,551,881 17,466,606 3,551,881 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F-3 

BLAIZE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Unaudited 

Redeemable Convertible

Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Accumulated 

Total

Stockholders 

Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Paid-In Capital Deficit Deficit 

Three months ended September 30, 2024: 

Balance at June 30, 2024 44,494,703 $ 173,347 17,474,790 $ 124,225 $ $ 142,221 $ (396,952 ) $ (254,731 ) 

Exercise of stock options 7,384 37 37 

Stock-based compensation 360 360 

Net loss (25,607 ) (25,607 ) 

Balance at September 30, 2024 44,494,703 $ 173,347 17,482,174 $ 124,225 $ $ 142,618 $ (422,559 ) $ (279,941 ) 

Three months ended September 30, 2023: 

Balance at June 30, 2023 44,494,703 $ 173,347 3,343,660 $ 124,225 $ $ 131,341 $ (331,337 ) $ (199,996 ) 

Stock-based compensation 286 286 

Debt financing charge on 2023 convertible notes 2,640 2,640 

Net loss (11,994 ) (11,994 ) 

Balance at September 30, 2023 44,494,703 $ 173,347 3,343,660 $ 124,225 $ $ 134,267 $ (343,331 ) $ (209,064 ) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

Balance at January 1, 2024 44,494,703 $ 173,347 17,454,353 $ 124,225 $ $ 141,496 $ (368,056 ) $ (226,560 ) 

Exercise of stock options 27,821 80 80 

Stock-based compensation 1,042 1,042 

Net loss (54,503 ) (54,503 ) 

Balance at September 30, 2024 44,494,703 $ 173,347 17,482,174 $ 124,225 $ $ 142,618 $ (422,559 ) $ (279,941 ) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023: 

Balance at January 1, 2023 16,498,279 $ 64,020 6,143,294 $ 124,225 $ $ 209,928 $ (280,467 ) $ (70,539 ) 

Reissuance of Shadow Preferred in
Pay-to-Play Pull Through Exchange at redemption value 27,996,424 109,327 (2,799,634 ) (109,327 ) (109,327 ) 

Stock-based compensation 450 450 

Pay-to-Play
financing charge 30,576 30,576 

Debt financing charge on convertible notes 2,640 2,640 

Net loss (62,864 ) (62,864 ) 

Balance at September 30, 2023 44,494,703 $ 173,347 3,343,660 $ 124,225 $ $ 134,267 $ (343,331 ) $ (209,064 ) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 

BLAIZE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Unaudited 

Nine Months Ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss $ (54,503 ) $ (62,864 ) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 688 1,706 

Depreciation and amortization 

Noncash lease expense 445 692 

Pay-to-Play
financing charge 30,638 

Debt financing charge on convertible notes 464 2,640 

Stock-based compensation 1,042 450 

Credit loss expense 570 

Deferred income taxes (36 ) (147 ) 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 25,921 3,546 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (1,255 ) 745 

Loss on purchase commitments 349 

Noncash loss on lease termination (18 ) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net (2,343 ) 362 

Accounts receivable related party 467 (377 ) 

Inventories (1,884 ) (2,625 ) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets (6,286 ) 343 

Other assets (91 ) 35 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 2,223 6,029 

Operating lease liabilities (398 ) (745 ) 

Income taxes payable 358 (153 ) 

Accrued loss on purchase commitments (2,192 ) (1,693 ) 

Accrued compensation 1,388 21 

Other liabilities (366 ) (550 ) 

Net cash used in operating activities (35,788 ) (21,616 ) 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment (1,165 ) (75 ) 

Net cash used in investing activities (1,165 ) (75 ) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of deferred offering costs (3,668 ) 

Proceeds from
Pay-to-Play convertible notes and Common Rights Offering 9,283 

Proceeds from convertible notes 110,718 8,400 

Proceeds from short term demand notes 350 

Repayment of short term demand notes (4,750 ) (350 ) 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 80 

Net cash provided by financing activities 102,380 17,683 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 65,427 (4,008 ) 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period 3,213 4,913 

Cash and cash equivalents end of period $ 68,640 $ 905 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for taxes $ 204 $ 197 

Cash paid during the period for interest $ 245 $ 3 

Supplemental disclosures of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Property and equipment acquired in accounts payable & accrued expenses $ $ 100 

Reissuance of Shadow Preferred in
Pay-to-Play Pull Through Exchange at redemption value $ $ 109,327 

Operating lease asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities $ $ 1,673 

Right-of-use assets
and lease liabilities extinguished upon termination of lease, net of gain $ $ (108 ) 

Capitalized deferred offering costs included in accounting payable and accrued liabilities $ 864 $ 

Issuance of warrants with convertible notes $ 4,816 $ 1,690 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

BLAIZE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. Description of Business 

Blaize,
Inc. (collectively Blaize or the Company) was originally incorporated on February 16, 2010, as a Delaware corporation under the name of ThinCI, Inc. and commenced operations at that time. On October 17, 2019, the
Companys Board of Directors adopted a Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which changed the Companys name to Blaize, Inc. The Company is headquartered in El Dorado Hills, California, and consists of four separate legal entities:
Blaize, Inc. (United States of America), Blaize New Computing Technologies India Private Limited (India), Blaize Technologies Philippines, Inc. (Philippines) and Blaize U.K. LTD (England). Blaize designs and develops
low-power, high-efficiency, programmable artificial intelligence (AI) edge computing hardware and software. Blaize leads a new generation of computing, which unleashes the potential of AI in order
to enable significant increases in the value that technology delivers to improve the way people work and live. The Company offers transformative edge computing solutions for AI data collection and processing, with a focus on smart vision and other
AI applications for the automotive, retail, security and industrial markets. 

In November 2023, the Company entered into a Memorandum of
Understanding with a United Arab Emirates (UAE) based third-party investment entity to establish a cooperative framework for both entities to discuss and explore commercial and technical collaboration in the UAE. The collaboration is
intended to be operationalized through a newly created entity, Blaize Artificial Intelligence Middle East, LLC, in which the Company has a 35% ownership in the entity. As of September 30, 2024, there has not been an operating agreement executed
between the Company and the holder of the 65% interest that would make the Company the primary beneficiary of this new legal entity. The newly established entity has incurred insignificant expenses since its incorporation. During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with an affiliate of the holder of the 65% interest in Blaize Artificial Intelligence Middle East, LLC, which permitted the Company to bill in advance for obligations that have yet
to be fully satisfied as of September 30, 2024. Specific to this arrangement, the Company had accounts receivable of $1.7 million as of September 30, 2024. 

Merger Agreement 

On
December 22, 2023, as amended on April 22, 2024, the Company entered into a preliminary agreement and plan of merger (Merger Agreement) by and among BurTech Acquisition Corp, a publicly traded special acquisition company
(BurTech), BurTech Merger Sub Inc. a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of BurTech (Merger Sub), and, solely for the limited purposes of the transaction, Burkhan Capital LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (Burkhan), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Blaize. The separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Blaize will be the surviving company and continue in existence as a direct,
wholly-owned subsidiary of BurTech. In connection with the consummation of the business combination (the Merger), BurTech will be renamed Blaize Holdings, Inc. (New Blaize) (see Note 12). 

On April 22, 2024, Blaize, BurTech, BurTech Merger Sub Inc., and Burkhan entered into an amendment to the Merger Agreement (the April
Amendment). The April Amendment amended the original Merger Agreement to make certain adjustments in connection with the Blaize Note Financing (see Note 7) and additional adjustments related to warrant financing (see Note 8), including an
increase in the base purchase price and changes to certain definitions and terms. The April Amendment also revised the aggregate reserve size under the Companys post-merger Equity Incentive Plan and Employee Stock Purchase Plan to 20% and the
evergreen percentage for the Equity Incentive Plan to 7%. 

Additionally, the April Amendment amended additional terms associated with the
contingencies associated with the pending Merger. See Note 12. 

F-6 

On October 24, 2024, BurTech, Merger Sub, the Company and Burkhan entered into an
Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Second Amendment to Merger Agreement). See Note 16. 

Liquidity and Going
Concern 

The Companys condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes
that it will be able to meet its obligations and continue its operations during the twelve months following the issuance of these condensed consolidated financial statements. These condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Since inception of the Company and through September 30, 2024, the Company has funded its operations primarily with cash flows from
contributions from founders or other investors and other financing activities. The Company has incurred recurring losses and negative cash flows since its inception, including a net loss of $54.5 million and $62.9 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $68.6 million, a net working capital surplus of $45.3 million, and an accumulated deficit of
$422.6 million. 

The Companys ability to continue to meet its obligations, to achieve its business objectives and continue as a
going concern is dependent upon several factors, including the Companys revenue growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support further sales and marketing and research and development efforts. In order to finance these
opportunities, the Company will need to raise additional financing. While there can be no assurances, the Company intends to raise such capital through issuances of additional debt and equity, and through a possible SPAC transaction. If additional
financing is required from outside sources, the Company may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital when desired, the Companys business, results of operations
and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 

While the Company is currently taking action to both source and
preserve cash through a combination of the issuance of convertible notes and a possible capital market transaction the Company cannot be assured that it will be able to enter into any such contracts. As a result of the above, in connection with the
Companys assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Boards (FASB) Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15,Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the Companys liquidity condition raises substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern
through a year from the date these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are available to be issued. 

Note 2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete consolidated financial statements. The accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, including normal recurring adjustments, which, in the opinion of management, are necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows
for the periods presented in accordance with US GAAP. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results for a full year. Therefore, these interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the Companys audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

F-7 

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the consolidated financial
statements of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation
of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods presented. Such estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, those
related to revenue recognition, the valuation of accounts receivable, the net realizable value of inventory, the useful lives of long- lived assets, the incremental borrowing rate used in calculating operating lease right of use assets, the
accounting for income taxes, the estimates used to evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets, amortization method and periods for capitalized software, and the estimated fair value of convertible notes, warrant liabilities, common stock, and
stock-based compensation expense. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, including the current economic environment, and adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts
and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents in the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Companys cash equivalents are primarily comprised of U.S. Government
treasury securities, mutual funds, and money market funds. The Company has cash deposits in a financial institution that, at times, may be in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insurance limits. The Company has not
experienced losses in such accounts and periodically evaluates the creditworthiness of its financial institutions. 

As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had cash and cash equivalents balances in excess of domestic and international insurance limits of approximately $32.3 million and $2.2 million, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company held $30.1 million in U.S. Government treasury securities, $26.1 million in a U.S. Government
money market fund, and $5.2 million in mutual funds (see Note 4). As of December 31, 2023, the Company had no cash equivalents or restricted cash balances. 

Accounts Receivable, Net 

Accounts
receivable, net is recorded at the invoiced amount and does not accrue interest. The allowance for credit losses is the Companys estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Companys existing accounts receivable. The Company
determines that allowance based upon a review of each receivable and all known factors that could affect collectability. These factors include but are not limited to a customers past payment performance, customer financial condition, general
economic or industry conditions and disputes regarding the invoiced amount or the product or service rendered. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is
considered remote. The allowance for credit losses was $0.4 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Companys accounts receivable included zero and
approximately $0.5 million, respectively, of unbilled accounts receivable (See Note 13). 

Inventories 

Inventories consist of raw materials, work in process inventories, and finished goods. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net
realizable value, with cost being determined on a first-in,first-out basis. Net realizable 

F-8 

value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Adjustments to reduce the cost
of inventory to its net realizable value are made, if required, for estimated excess, obsolescence, or impaired balances. At the point of loss recognition, a new lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and
circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in the newly established cost basis. Any write-downs of inventories are reflected as part of cost of revenue in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations.

Deferred Offering Costs 

Deferred offering costs, which consist of direct incremental legal, consulting and banking fees primarily relating to the Companys
contemplated merger with BurTech (see Note 1) whereby the Company will become a public company, are capitalized and will be offset against proceeds upon the consummation of the offering within stockholders deficit. In the event an anticipated
offering is terminated, deferred offering costs will be expensed. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 there were $4.5 million and $1.5 million, respectively, capitalized deferred offering costs included in prepaid expenses and
other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets may not be recoverable, the Company
estimates the expected undiscounted future cash flows from the use of those assets and their eventual disposition (without any allocated debt financing charges). If the sum of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying
amount of those assets, the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not recognize any
impairment expense related to its long-lived assets. 

Embedded Derivative Evaluation 

The Company evaluates the terms of its debt instruments to determine if any identified embedded features, including embedded conversion options
or redemption features, are required to be bifurcated and accounted for separately as a derivative financial instrument. In circumstances where a host instrument contains more than one embedded derivative instrument, including a conversion option,
that is required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments would be accounted for as a single, compound derivative instrument. Any identified and bifurcated embedded derivatives are initially recorded at fair value and are revalued at
each reporting date with changes in the fair value reported as non-operating income or expense. 

Convertible
Notes 

The Company accounts for its convertible notes, some of which contain predominantly fixed rate conversion features, whereby
the outstanding principal and accrued interest may be converted by the holder into a variable number of shares of preferred stock at a fixed discount to the market price of the common stock at the time of conversion under ASU Debt Debt
with Conversion and Other Options(Subtopic 470-20), Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40)and Accounting
for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entitys Own Equity (ASU 2020-06). The Company has elected to account for its convertible notes at fair value at each period end pursuant to Accounting
Standards Codification (ASC) 825, Financial Instruments wherein changes in the fair value are recorded as change in fair value of convertible notes in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations.

Warrant Liabilities 

The
Company has issued freestanding warrants in connection with certain of its convertible debt agreements and preferred stock issuances which have been recorded as long-term liabilities in the accompanying condensed

F-9 

consolidated balance sheets at their estimated fair value. At initial recognition, the warrants were recorded at their estimated fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes-Merton (Black-
Scholes) option pricing model (see Note 8). The liability associated with these warrants is subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date, with changes in fair value recorded as change in the fair value of warrant liabilities in the
unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The warrants will continue to be remeasured until the earlier of the expiration or exercise of the warrants. The warrants are recorded at fair value each reporting period using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

The Companys redeemable convertible preferred stock has been classified outside of stockholders deficit, as mezzanine equity, due
to the redemption option of the preferred stock shareholders (see Note 10). The Company records redeemable convertible preferred stock at fair value on the dates of issuance, net of issuance costs. The Company has adjusted the carrying values of the
redeemable convertible preferred stock, subsequent to the initial issuance date, to the redemption value of such shares because it is probable that the convertible preferred stock will become redeemable. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company
derives revenue from product sales, license and development arrangements, joint marketing arrangements and cloud services. The Company recognizes revenue under ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606), in which it
determines revenue recognition through the following steps: 

Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer. 

The Company considers the terms and conditions of the engagement in identifying the contracts. The Company determines a contract with a
customer to exist when the contract is approved, each partys rights regarding the services to be transferred can be identified, the payment terms for the services can be identified, it has been determined the customer has the ability and
intent to pay, and the contract has commercial substance. At contract inception, the Company will evaluate whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as a single contract and whether the combined or single contract includes
more than one performance obligation. The Company applies judgment in determining the customers ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors, including the customers historical payment experience or, in the case of a
new customer, credit, and financial information pertaining to the customer. 

Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract. 

Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the services that will be transferred to the customer that are both
capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from the Company and are distinct in the context of the contract. 

Step 3: Determine the transaction price. 

The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring
services to the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in the Companys judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. None of the
Companys contracts contain a significant financing component. 

Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the
contract. 

Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance
obligation based on each performance obligations relative standalone selling price (SSP). 

F-10 

Step 5: Recognize revenue when the company satisfies a performance obligation. 

Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the control of the promised service to a
customer. Revenue in respect of services, including nonrecurring engineering services or marketing services, is recognized over the contractual terms during which the Company provides services over period of time. Hardware revenue is recognized at a
point in time when the product is shipped. The Company generates all its revenue from contracts with customers. 

Revenue from hardware
sales is recognized upon transfer of control of products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the hardware. The Company offers unspecified upgrades and support on certain products,
however, the related revenue has historically not been material. 

The Companys license and development arrangements entail revenue
from the licensing of its intellectual property (IP) and also include nonrecurring engineering development services to configure the Companys IP and hardware to a customers needs. For each contract, the Company considers the
promise to deliver a license that grants the customer the right to use the IP, as well as any professional services provided under the contract, as distinct performance obligations. The Company recognizes licensing revenue from such arrangements
over the term of the arrangements and recognizes professional services over time as the services are provided. The Company measures progress to completion based on actual costs incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated total cost required to
complete the project. 

The Company entered into a joint marketing arrangement with a subsidiary of a minority investor to expand hardware
sales into a foreign market (see Note 13). The joint marketing arrangement is comprised of various performance obligations, including the providing of a dedicated engineer for customer engagement services and design activities, a stand-ready
obligation to provide product support services as well as co- participation in marketing events, all of which occur over the term of the arrangement. 

The timing of the Companys revenue recognition may differ from the timing of payment by its customers. An unbilled receivable is
recorded when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing and the Company has an unconditional right to payment. Alternatively, when payment precedes the provision of the related services, the Company records deferred revenue until the performance
obligations are satisfied. The following table is a rollforward of contract liabilities, which are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, as of
September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 

Balance at January 1, 2024 $ 1,100 

Addition of deferred revenue 1,729 

Recognition of revenue (1,102 ) 

Balance at September 30, 2024 (unaudited) $ 1,727 

The Company defers incremental costs of obtaining a customer contract and amortizes the deferred costs over
the period that the related revenue is recognized. The Company had no material incremental costs to obtain customer contracts in any period presented. 

The Company has elected to account for shipping and handling fees as fulfillment activities and not separate performance obligations.
Accordingly, these fees are reflected in revenue and the related fulfillment costs are accrued as cost of revenue as the related fulfillment costs incurred. 

The Company offers a standard assurance-type warranty to customers for hardware sales. 

Research and Development 

Costs
related to the Companys research and development (R&D) activities are expensed as incurred. R&D expense consists primarily of personnel costs for the Companys R&D activities. R&D expense also

F-11 

includes costs associated with the design and development of the Companys AI edge computing hardware and software. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The
Company recognizes the cost of employee, non-employee consultants and non-employee directors services received in exchange for awards of stock options based on the
fair value of those awards at the date of grant over the requisite service period. The fair value of stock options granted is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using various inputs, including Company estimates of expected stock
price volatility, term, risk-free rate and future dividends. The Company has elected the simplified method to determine the expected term of the option grants. 

The Company also grants restricted stock units (RSUs) to employees and non-employee
consultants, which vest upon the satisfaction of both a service-based condition and a liquidity event condition, as defined. The fair value of restricted stock units is determined based on the Companys estimated fair value of common stock at
the date of grant. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has not recorded any stock-based compensation expense associated with the RSUs as a liquidity event has not occurred. If a liquidity event occurs
in the future, the Company will record cumulative stock-based compensation using the accelerated attribution method for those RSUs for which the service condition has been satisfied prior to the liquidity event, and the Company will record the
remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation over the remainder of the requisite service period. 

Forfeitures are recognized as they
occur. 

Fair Value Measurements 

The Company determines fair value measurements used in its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements based upon the price that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between (i) market participant assumptions developed based
on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs), and (ii) an entitys own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs).
ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements, requires fair value measurements be classified and disclosed in one of the following pricing categories: 

Level 1 This level consists of unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date. 

Level2 This level consists of
observable inputs other than the quoted prices included within Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable or can be corroborated by
observable market data, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level 3 This level consists of unobservable inputs for the asset or liability to the extent
that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little or no market data for the asset or liability at the measurement date. This requires the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

The carrying amounts of cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other
current assets, accounts payable, accrued loss on purchase commitments and accrued expenses and other liabilities approximate fair value because of their short-term maturities. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

The
Companys cash and cash equivalents are primarily on deposit at high-credit quality financial institutions or invested in U.S. Government money market funds. The Companys cash accounts in a financial

F-12 

institution may at times exceed the Federal Depository Insurance coverage of $250,000. Investments in money markets are not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. 

The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of nonpayment by customers up to the amounts recorded on the condensed consolidated balance
sheets. The Company manages its accounts receivable credit risk through ongoing credit evaluation of its customers financial conditions. 

As of September 30, 2024, one related party customer accounted for approximately 97% of the Companys accounts receivable (see Note
13). As of December 31, 2023, one customer, also a related party, accounted for approximately 98% of the Companys accounts receivable (see Note 13). 

Historically, a relatively small number of customers have accounted for a significant portion of the Companys revenue. For the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, one customer, a related party, accounted for approximately 97% of the Companys revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, two customers, both related parties, accounted for
approximately 77% and 21% of the Companys revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, one customer, a related party, accounted for nearly 100% of the Companys revenue (see Note 13). 

Net Loss Per Share 

Basic and
diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is presented in conformity with the two-class method required for participating securities. The two-class
method determines net income (loss) per share for each class of common and participating securities according to dividends declared or accumulated and participation rights in undistributed earnings. The
two-class method requires income (loss) available to common stockholders for the period to be allocated between common and participating securities based upon their respective rights to shares in undistributed
earnings as if all income (loss) for the period had been distributed. The Companys redeemable convertible preferred stock contractually entitles the holders of such stock to participate in dividends but does not contractually require the
holders of such stock to participate in losses of the Company. Accordingly, in periods in which the Company reports a net loss attributable to common stockholders, such losses are not allocated to such participating securities. 

Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common
stock outstanding during the period, without consideration of potentially dilutive securities. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common stock and
potentially dilutive securities outstanding for the period. For purposes of this calculation, redeemable convertible preference stock, stock options and warrants have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share attributable to
common stockholders as their effect is anti-dilutive for all periods presented. 

Segment Reporting 

The Company operates in one reporting segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial
information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and assessing performance. The Companys Chief Executive Officer is the chief operating decision maker, who reviews financial
information presented on a consolidated basis for the purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. 

Emerging Growth Company Status 

The Company is expected to be an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the
Securities Act), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (JOBS Act). Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting

F-13 

standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act, until such time as those standards apply to private companies. The Company has elected to use this extended transition period for
complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date that the Company (i) is no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and
irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, these condensed consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with the new or revised accounting pronouncements as of
public company effective dates. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for
Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. The FASB issued authoritative guidance that clarifies that an acquirer of a business should recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business
combination in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company adopted this standard as of January 1, 2024. The adoption of this standard did not have an impact on the Companys condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax
Disclosures. This ASU enhances the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2025, and early adoption is permitted, although the Company does not plan
to early adopt. Adoption will require enhancements to the Companys income tax disclosures but is not expected to have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07,Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to
Reportable Segment Disclosures. This ASU improves reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. This guidance is effective for fiscal year ending December 31, 2024 and
interim periods within fiscal years beginning January 1, 2025. Early adoption is permitted although the Company does not plan to early adopt. Adoption will result in expanded disclosures for the Companys single reportable segment but is not
expected to have a material impact on the Companys condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03,Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions. This ASU clarifies guidance in Topic 820 and introduces new disclosure
requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value in accordance with Topic 820. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2025 and early adoption is permitted.
The Company does not expect the adoption to have a material impact on the Companys condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F-14 

Note 3. Revenue 

Disaggregation of Revenue 

The following
table presents the Companys revenue information by geographical region for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

Three months ended

September 30, Nine months ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

United States $ 778 $ 565 $ 1,214 $ 3,430 

Japan 2 333 4 

Korea 4 4 

Others 3 6 4 

Total revenue $ 781 $ 571 $ 1,553 $ 3,442 

The following provides a disaggregation of revenue based on the pattern of revenue recognition for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

Three months ended

September 30, Nine months ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Revenue recognized at a point in time $ 24 $ $ 360 $ 

Revenue recognized over time 757 571 1,193 3,442 

$ 781 $ 571 $ 1,553 $ 3,442 

Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations, which includes unearned or deferred revenue and
amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was as follows (in thousands): 

September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 

Current $ 1,727 $ 733 

Non-current 367 

Total $ 1,727 $ 1,100 

F-15 

Note 4. Fair Value Measurements 

The table below presents the Companys financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis aggregated by the
level in the fair hierarchy (in thousands): 

September 30, 2024 

Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total 

Assets: 

U.S. Government money market funds $ 26,054 $ $ $ 26,054 

Mutual funds 5,190 5,190 

U.S. Government treasury securities 30,058 30,058 

Total assets, measured at fair value $ 61,302 $ $ $ 61,302 

Liabilities: 

Pay-to-Play
convertible notes $ $ $ 15,977 $ 15,977 

2023 Convertible notes 148,551 148,551 

Warrant liabilities 7,755 7,755 

Total liabilities, measured at fair value $ $ $ 172,283 $ 172,283 

December 31, 2023 

Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total 

Liabilities: 

Pay-to-Play
convertible notes $ $ $ 14,641 $ 14,641 

2023 Convertible notes 18,064 18,064 

Warrant liabilities 3,730 3,730 

Total liabilities, measured at fair value $ $ $ 36,435 $ 36,435 

Level 1 instruments consisted of U.S. Government money market funds because they were valued using quoted
prices in active markets and can be redeemed on any business days with an intermediary. 

Level 3 instruments consisted of the
Companys Pay-to-Play Convertible Notes (P2P Notes), the 2023 Convertible Notes, and warrant liabilities comprised of the Companys Series D Shadow
preferred stock warrants, Series D-2 Shadow preferred stock warrants, the warrants issued with the P2P Notes and the 2023 Convertible Notes, and the pre-funded common
stock warrants (see Notes 7 and 8). The Company has elected to apply the fair value option to measure all convertible notes due to the nature of their embedded features. 

Changes in the fair value measurement of Level 3 liabilities related to unrealized gains (losses) resulting from remeasurement of the
Companys outstanding convertible notes and warrant liabilities (see Notes 7 and 8). The respective changes for remeasurement are reflected in the change in fair value of convertible notes and change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the
accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

F-16 

The change in the fair value of the Level 3 liabilities during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows (in thousands): 

Pay-to-Play

Convertible

notes 2023

Convertible

notes Warrant

liabilities Total 

Three months ended September 30, 2024: 

Balance at June 30, 2024 $ 16,042 $ 133,088 $ 7,665 $ 156,795 

Change in estimated fair value (65 ) 15,463 90 15,488 

Balance at September 30, 2024 $ 15,977 $ 148,551 $ 7,755 $ 172,283 

Pay-to-Play

Convertible

notes 2023

Convertible

notes Warrant

liabilities Total 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 14,641 $ 18,064 $ 3,730 $ 36,435 

Issuance of 2023 convertible note warrants and related warrants 105,902 4,816 110,718 

Issuance of Pre-funded common stock warrants 464 464 

Change in estimated fair value 1,336 24,585 (1,255 ) 24,666 

Balance at September 30, 2024 $ 15,977 $ 148,551 $ 7,755 $ 172,283 

Pay-to-Play

Convertible

notes 2023

Convertible

notes Warrant

liabilities Total 

Three months ended September 30, 2023: 

Balance at June 30, 2023 $ 13,763 $ $ 2,227 $ 15,990 

Issuance of convertible notes and related warrants 7,275 1,125 8,400 

Change in estimated fair value 398 1,241 (327 ) 1,312 

Balance at September 30, 2023 $ 14,161 $ 8,516 $ 3,025 $ 25,702 

Pay-to-Play

Convertible

notes 2023

Convertible

notes Warrant

liabilities Total 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023: 

Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 3,139 $ $ 529 $ 3,668 

Reinstatement of common stock warrants as preferred stock warrants 61 61 

Issuance of
Pay-to-Play convertible notes and related warrants 8,717 565 9,282 

Issuance of convertible notes and related warrants 7,275 1,125 8,400 

Change in estimated fair value 2,305 1,241 745 4,291 

Balance at September 30, 2023 $ 14,161 $ 8,516 $ 3,025 $ 25,702 

The Companys convertible notes and related warrants were classified within level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy because there was no active market for the liabilities or similar instruments. 

There were no transfers between Level 1,
Level 2, or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Certain existing investors invested in P2P Notes during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and accordingly,
their common stock warrants were converted into Series D Shadow preferred stock warrants and reclassified as warrant liabilities (see Notes 7, 8 and 13). 

F-17 

Note 5. Supplementary Balance Sheet Information 

Inventories 

Inventories consists
of the following (in thousands): 

September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 

Finished goods $ $ 16 

Work in progress 937 1,542 

Raw materials 7,469 4,964 

Total inventories $ 8,406 $ 6,522 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consists of the following (in thousands): 

September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 

Deferred offering costs $ 4,532 $ 1,491 

Software licenses and maintenance 486 311 

Advances paid to contract manufacturer 140 144 

Other receivables 17 441 

Prepaid subscriptions 130 83 

Other 776 366 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets $ 6,081 $ 2,836 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Property and equipment, net, consists of the following (in thousands): 

September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 

Computer equipment $ 13,350 $ 13,108 

Software 5,893 4,984 

Furniture and fixtures 346 346 

Leasehold improvements 1,416 1,594 

Vehicles 26 26 

21,031 20,058 

Less: Accumulated depreciation (18,999 ) (18,503 ) 

Total property and equipment, net $ 2,032 $ 1,555 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation and amortization expense
of property and equipment was $0.3 million and $0.7 million, respectively, and $0.7 million and $1.7 million, respectively. 

F-18 

Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consists of the following (in thousands): 

September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 

Accrued inventory purchases $ 2,533 $ 3,813 

Professional fees 1,838 2,617 

Deferred Revenue 1,727 733 

Other 826 301 

Total accrued and other current liabilities $ 6,924 $ 7,464 

Accrued Loss on Purchase Commitments 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accrued loss on purchase commitments were $1.4 million and $3.6 million, respectively
(see Note 12). 

Accrued Compensation 

Accrued compensation consists of the following (in thousands): 

September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 

Vacation $ 1,457 $ 804 

Employee benefits 1,039 724 

401K payable 553 215 

Salaries and Wages 201 113 

Other 76 82 

Total accrued compensation $ 3,326 $ 1,938 

Note 6. Income Taxes 

The Company is subject to United States federal and state taxes as well as other foreign income taxes. 

In accordance with authoritative accounting guidance, the Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method under which
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective income tax bases. 

The Company recognized income tax expense (benefit) of $55,000 and ($12,000) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, and representing an effective tax rate of 0.22% and (0.10%), respectively. The Company recognized income tax expense (benefit) of $348,000 and ($85,000) for the 

nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing an effective tax rate of 0.64% and (0.14%), respectively. 

There has been no significant movement in the statutory and effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023. The effective income tax rate is primarily driven by remeasurement of warrant liabilities and valuation allowance. The Company continues to incur U.S. operating losses. 

The Company regularly assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some, or all, of its deferred tax assets will not be realized in the future. 

F-19 

The Company evaluates and weighs all available evidence, both positive and negative, including its historic operating results, future reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, as well as
projected future taxable income. The Company will continue to regularly assess the realizability of its deferred tax assets. Changes in earnings performance and future earnings projections, among other factors, may cause the Company to adjust the
valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, which could materially impact the income tax (benefit) expense in the period the Company determines that these factors have changed. As of September 30, 2024, the Company continues to maintain a full
valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets except in certain foreign jurisdictions. 

The Companys primary tax jurisdictions are
the U.S., California, United Kingdom, and India. The Company also files income tax returns in other various U.S. states and international jurisdictions. All tax years since inception remain open to examination by the U.S. federal authorities as a
result of the net operating losses and credit carryforwards since inception. The Company is not currently under income tax examinations in any foreign or state jurisdiction. Because application of tax laws and regulations for many types of
transactions is susceptible to varying interpretations, amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements could be changed at a later date upon final determination by taxing authorities. Management believes that the Company has no
uncertain income tax positions that could materially affect its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Note 7. Convertible Notes and Demand
Notes 

2022 Convertible Securities: 

Pay-to-Play Convertible Notes: 

In December 2022, in
connection with the Companys 2022 Pay-to-Play (P2P) transaction (the P2P Transaction), the Company entered into a Note Purchase and
Exchange Agreement (2022 P2P NPA) with a group of lenders (each, a Lender and collectively, the Lenders). In January and February of 2023, the Company received $9.3 million in proceeds from the issuance of
P2P Notes. Amounts received in 2022 and 2023 are referred to collectively as the P2P Notes (see Note 13). Pursuant to the 2022 P2P NPA, each Lender will pay the Company an agreed upon amount (Consideration) in return for one
or more promissory notes. The P2P Notes have a 24-month term from the date of the 2022 P2P NPA which is December 9, 2024. 

The 2022 P2P NPA provides that the P2P Notes may be converted as follows: 

Automatically upon a Next Equity Financing assuming a Corporate Transaction (as defined), Maturity
Conversion (as defined) or repayment has not occurred wherein the Next Equity Financing is defined as the next sale of Company equity securities, including warrants, other than Series D-2 Preferred stock or
warrants to purchase Series D-2 preferred stock, following the date of the 2022 P2P NPA for the purpose of raising capital with gross proceeds of at least $5 million excluding the P2P Notes.

If the Next Equity Financing conversion, Corporate Transaction conversion or repayment of the outstanding
principal and unpaid accrued interest has not occurred on or before the maturity date (December 9, 2024), the principal and unpaid accrued interest of each P2P Note shall, at the written election of the Requisite Noteholders (holders of a majority
interest in the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the P2P Notes) and the Company, pursuant to mutually agreed-upon terms, be automatically converted (the Maturity Conversion) into a class of equity shares subject to mutual
agreement between the Lenders and the Company. 

In the event of a Corporate Transaction (any Liquidation Event as defined in the existing Certificate
of Incorporation), the P2P Notes shall either be repaid or, at the option of the Requisite Noteholders, converted. If conversion is elected upon a Corporate Transaction, the 2022 P2P NPA provides that all outstanding principal and unpaid accrued
interest due on the P2P Notes shall be converted into common stock. 

F-20 

If upon a Corporate Transaction, repayment is elected by the Requisite Noteholders, the amount of the outstanding
P2P Note balance will be repaid based on (i) whether or not the Lender provided consideration less than, equal to or greater than their Pro Rata Portion (calculated as the percentage ownership in Preferred Stock held by the lender) of
$20 million (the Insider Amount) by (2) the date of Contribution being either prior to November 30, 2022 (the Initial Commitment Date) or February 24, 2023 (Final Closing date).

New Lenders will receive payment equal to the then accrued and unpaid interest plus one and a half times (1.5X)
the then outstanding principal, plus two times (2X) the outstanding principal (with respect only to the outstanding principal in excess of $1 million but less than $5 million), as applicable, plus three times (3X) the outstanding principal with
respect only to the outstanding principal in excess of $5 million on the P2P Note. 

Certain Lenders, who are also a
holder of one or more P2P Notes, by either the Initial Commitment Date or the Final Closing Date, may also be entitled to receive warrants (P2P Warrants) to purchase equity securities of the Company, upon surrendering their P2P Notes to
the Company, the number of which is to be determined by the type of shares into which the P2P Notes are converted as well as the level of investment. The Warrants will be exercisable, in whole or in part, during the term commencing on the date of
issuance and ending December 9, 2025 (see Notes 8 and 13). 

The Company elected to measure the P2P Notes in their entirety, for the
respective period issued, at fair value with changes in fair value reported in a single line in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The notes were fair valued using a scenario-based method, considering varying levels of
participation and four future event scenarios: Next Equity Financing, Maturity Conversion, Corporate Transaction, and Default. The conversion payout was calculated for each assumed event scenario, with probabilities estimated by management. The
payout of the P2P Notes under each event scenario were discounted back to the valuation date using a discount rate aligned with the Companys credit rating and the weighted average present value of each scenario used for the fair value of the
P2P Notes. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized a change in fair value from the P2P Notes of approximately ($65,000) and $1.3 million, respectively and $0.4 million and
$2.3 million, respectively (see Notes 4 and 13). Upfront costs and fees related to items for which the fair value option is elected must be recognized immediately. As such issuance costs (warrants) and fees associated with the convertible notes
were recognized in current earnings. 

Under the terms of the 2022 P2P NPA, any existing investor that purchased any P2P Note, received the
right to exchange the common stock held following the November 30, 2022 conversion event (the Converted Common) for a number of shares of shadow preferred stock mirroring the respective classes of preferred stock held prior to the
conversion (the Pull-Through Exchange), however, all Senior Series D (see Note 10) shareholders received an automatic pull-through of their Converted Common into their respective Senior Series D Shadow preferred stock regardless of
whether they invested in a P2P Note. The exchange was calculated using a defined Exchange Formula based on the existing investors amount of investment in the P2P Note in relation to the designated
pro-rata share portion of the Insider Amount. To the extent that an eligible existing investor purchases P2P Notes representing less than its pro rata portion of the Insider Amount, such investors Converted
Common remain as Converted Common shares for that portion equal to the shortfall in its pro-rata contribution (see Note 10). Additionally, investors in the P2P Notes also received warrants (the P2P
Warrants) whose total exercise price is determined based on the timing of investment as well as the level of investor participation vis--vis each
investors designated pro-rata portion (see Note 8). 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, certain investors who previously had their preferred stock and Series D warrants converted to common stock and common stock warrants, respectively, in connection with the 2022 conversion event, invested in P2P Notes. The
resulting Pull-Through Exchange reinstated their Converted Common stock into share of the class(es) of Shadow Preferred Stock identical to those held prior to the 2022 conversion event (See Note 10) and reinstated their warrants into Series D Shadow
preferred stock 

F-21 

warrants (see Note 8). The fair value of the Series D warrants at reinstatement, approximating $61,000, was recognized as a component of the Pay-to-Play financing charge for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

The 2022 P2P NPA
provided the Company a right, subject to the approval of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board), to conduct a common rights offering (the Offering) to raise additional funds. Pursuant to the 2022 P2P NPA, at the
discretion of the Board, the Company could issue either shares of common stock or additional P2P Notes. In November 2023, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement with eligible common shareholders, as defined, whereby, each participating
eligible common shareholder received a P2P Note, subject to the same terms as existing P2P Notes with the exception that the P2P Notes issued to these common shareholders did not include the right to receive P2P Warrants. During the three and nine
month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not enter into any Exchange Agreements with eligible common shareholders. 

2023
Convertible Notes: 

From July 2023 through November 2023, the Company raised $12.3 million in convertible notes (the 2023
Convertible Notes) under the note purchase agreement dated July 3, 2023, as amended on August 1, 2023 to refine the valuation cap definition (the 2023 NPA) (see Note 13). The 2023 Convertible Notes accrue interest at 10%
per annum and mature 18 months from the date of the 2023 NPA. The 2023 Convertible Notes are secured by all of the Companys assets. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received $110.7 million in additional proceeds from the issuance of 10%
secured convertible notes under the 2023 NPA. The 2023 NPA was amended and restated on April 22, 2024 to accommodate a new group of lenders, the Final Closing Lender, defined as any lender who purchases a related convertible note on or
after April 22, 2024. The conversion price upon a SPAC Transaction for a Final Closing Lender is defined as a price per share that would entitle the Final Closing Lender to receive a number of BurTech Class A common stock equal to the
outstanding principal and accrued interest divided by five (5). In addition, the per share exercise price of the related 2023 Convertible Note Warrants upon a SPAC Transaction was amended to $11.50. 

As of the April 22, 2024 amendment, the convertible notes have a stated maturity date of December 31, 2025, and are subject to automatic
conversion upon the consummation of a SPAC Transaction, as defined, subject to conversion or repayment at maturity or upon a Next Equity Financing, as defined, and are subject to repayment upon a Corporate Transaction, as defined. Investors in these
secured convertible notes also received warrants to purchase equity shares of the Company. 

Of the $110.7 million in proceeds
received during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, $11.5 million of the proceeds was received from BurTech (see Note 1), $2.4 million was received from miscellaneous parties, and $96.8 million was received from a separate
third-party group of investors (the RT Parties) in connection with an agreement to provide convertible note financing of up to $125.0 million (the Blaize Note Financing Agreement). Under this separate agreement, the RT
Parties and their transferees or distributes will not be required to execute any lock-up or similar agreement restricting transfer or disposition of all shares of common stock of Blaize issuable upon the
conversion of the notes, all Company shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants issued to the RT Parties as well as all securities of New Blaize to be issued to the RT Parties upon consummation of the merger. 

F-22 

The 2023 NPA provides that the notes may be converted as follows: 

Automatically upon a Next Equity Financing assuming a Corporate Transaction (as defined), Maturity
Conversion (as defined), SPAC Conversion (as defined) or repayment has not occurred wherein the Next Equity Financing, defined as the next sale of Company equity securities or other securities issued in connection with Senior Indebtedness, following
the date of the 2023 Convertible Notes for the purpose of raising capital. 

For Lenders who purchased a 2023 Convertible Note on or before July 3, 2023, the issuance of shares pursuant
to the conversion of each note shall be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the equity securities sold in the Next Equity Financing, except that (A) the per share liquidation preference shall be 1.5 times the conversion
price, (B) the initial conversion price for purposes of price-based anti-dilution protection will equal the conversion price, (C) the basis for any dividend rights will be based on the conversion price, and (D) such shares will rank
senior to the other equity securities existing at the time of the applicable conversion with respect to liquidation preference. 

For any Lender who purchased a 2023 Convertible Note after July 3, 2023, the issuance of shares pursuant to
the conversion of each note shall be subject to the same terms as described in the preceding paragraph except that the per share liquidation preference will equal the conversion price. 

The conversion price for all Lenders, regardless of purchase date, for this Next Equity Financing is the lesser
of 80% of the per share issue price of the equity securities sold in this financing event or a calculated per share value based on a defined valuation cap and fully-diluted capital. 

If the Next Equity Financing conversion, Corporate Transaction conversion, SPAC conversion or repayment of the
outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest has not occurred on or before the maturity date (December 31, 2025), the principal and unpaid accrued interest of each 2023 Convertible Note shall, at the written election of the Requisite
Noteholders (which must include certain noteholder), pursuant to mutually agreed-upon terms, be automatically converted (the Maturity Conversion) into a class of equity shares subject to mutual agreement between the Lenders and the
Company. 

If the Next Equity Financing conversion, Corporate Transaction conversion or repayment of the outstanding
principal and unpaid accrued interest has not occurred prior to a SPAC transaction, the principal and unpaid accrued interest of each 2023 Convertible Note, with the exception of notes issued to a Final Closing Lender, shall automatically convert
(the SPAC Conversion) into a number of common shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on each 2023 Convertible Note by the applicable conversion price. The conversion price
in this SPAC Conversion is the lesser of 80% of the SPAC price per share or a calculated per share value based on a defined valuation cap and fully-diluted capital immediately prior to the SPAC transaction. 

In the event of a Corporate Transaction (any Liquidation Event as defined in the existing Certificate
of Incorporation), the 2023 Convertible Notes shall be repaid as follows at the closing of the Corporate Transaction: 

For any Lender who purchased a 2023 Convertible Note on or before July 3, 2023, in respect of a Corporate
Transaction that occurs on or before July 3, 2024, an amount equal to the then accrued but unpaid interest plus three (3) times the then outstanding principal. 

For any Lender who purchased a 2023 Convertible Note on or before July 3, 2023, in respect of a Corporate
Transaction that occurs after July 3, 2024, an amount equal to the then accrued but unpaid interest plus five (5) times the then outstanding principal. 

For any Lender who purchased a 2023 Convertible Note after July 3, 2023, in respect of any such Corporate
Transaction, an amount equal to the then accrued but unpaid interest plus one and a half (1.5) times the then outstanding principal. 

F-23 

Investors in the 2023 Convertible Notes also received warrants to purchase the same type of
equity shares into which the 2023 Convertible Notes are converted (see Notes 8 and 13). 

Investors in these secured convertible notes also
received warrants to purchase equity shares of the Company. 

The Company elected to measure the 2023 Convertible Notes in their entirety
at fair value with changes in fair value reported in a single line in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The 2023 Convertible Notes were fair valued using a scenario-based method, considering five future event scenarios:
Next Equity Financing, Maturity Conversion, SPAC Conversion, Corporate Transaction, and Default. The conversion payout was calculated for each assumed event scenario, with probabilities estimated by management. The payout of the 2023 Convertible
Notes under each event scenario were discounted back to the valuation date using a discount rate aligned with the companys credit rating and the weighted average present value of each scenario used for the fair value of the 2023 Convertible
Notes. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized a change in fair value of
approximately $15.5 million and $24.6 million, respectively, and $1.2 million and $1.2 million (see Note 4), respectively. Upfront costs and fees related to items for which the fair value option is elected must be recognized
immediately. As such issuance costs (warrants) and fees associated with the convertible notes were recognized in current earnings. 

The
scheduled maturities of the Companys outstanding convertible notes as of September 30, 2024 is as follows (in thousands): 

Year ending December 31, 

2024 (remaining three months) $ 15,977 

2025 148,551 

Less: Current portion (15,977 ) 

Long-term portion $ 148,551 

Demand Notes: 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued short-term demand notes totaling $5.1 million, of which $4.8 million
remained outstanding as of December 31, 2023. The outstanding notes earn simple interest based on a rate of twelve percent (12%) with the outstanding principal and all accrued interest due and payable on demand by the holders at any time on or
after the earlier of (1) the receipt of a minimum of $15.0 million from BurTech and other investors pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement dated July 2, 2023 and (2) March 31, 2024 (see Notes 13 and 16). In April 2024, the Company
repaid the total outstanding principal and interest of $5.0 million. 

Note 8. Warrant Liabilities 

P2P Warrants: 

Certain investors who
invested in the P2P Notes (see Notes 7 and 13) also received P2P Warrants for no additional consideration resulting in the allocation of proceeds between the P2P Notes and P2P Warrants (see Notes 7 and 13). 

Under the terms of the 2022 P2P NPA and related warrant agreements, the P2P Warrants will be exercisable, in whole or in part, during the term
commencing on the date of issuance through the three-year anniversary of the date of issuance. The number of Warrants each Lender is entitled to is based on the timing of the Lenders investment as well as the Lenders amount of funding,
wherein the Conversion Shares is defined as the type of equity shares to be issued in the future upon conversion of the P2P Notes. The total number of 

F-24 

warrants ranges from 20% to 40% of the total Conversion Shares to be issued for Lenders who invest at or less then their pro rata portion and for Lenders who invest above their pro rata portion,
the total number of warrant shares is an additional 10% to 20% of a calculated incremental number of shares over the designated pro rata portion. 

During 2023, in connection with the additional issuance of P2P notes, 336,950 Series D Shadow Preferred Stock warrants were reinstated at a
fair value of approximately $61,000 (see Note 7) and reclassified from equity to warrant liability. 

Upon exercise, these P2P Warrants
will enable the Lenders to purchase Conversion Shares at a price (Conversion Price) determined based on when P2P Warrants are exercised and shall no longer be exercisable and become null and void upon 10 days prior to the consummation of
the Companys sale of its Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act of 1933 (an IPO), acquisition
by a Special Purpose Acquisition Company (a SPAC Transaction) and a defined liquidity event. The P2P Warrants have a fixed total exercise price known at inception (based on the amount of consideration paid by each Lender) and upon
exercise will be settled in a variable number of the Conversion Shares. The P2P Warrants are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the P2P Convertible Notes. The Company accounts for the P2P Warrants as liabilities measured at fair
value with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in earnings (see Note 4). 

Effective February 28, 2024 the Series D Shadow
Preferred Stock warrants expired unexercised. 

2023 Convertible Note Warrants: 

Investors in the 2023 Convertible Notes received warrants (2023 Convertible Note Warrants) exercisable upon the earliest to occur
of a Next Equity Financing Conversion, Maturity Conversion, SPAC Conversion or Corporate Transaction, as defined, and expire, prior to the Amendment in April 2024 (see below), ten years from issuance (see Note 13). The 2023 Convertible Note Warrants
were granted for no additional consideration resulting in the allocation of proceeds between the 2023 Convertible Note and 2023 Convertible Note Warrants (see Notes 7 and 13). 

On April 22, 2024, as part of the Blaize, BurTech Merger Sub Inc., and Burkan amended the original Merger Agreement to make certain
adjustments in connection with the Blaize Note Financing (see Note 7) and additional adjustments related to warrant financing including an increase in the base purchase price and changes to certain definitions and terms. 

Under the terms of the April 2024 amendment, the number of warrant shares issuable upon exercise is equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(i) 25% or 10% (the higher percentage which applies only to investors who purchased a convertible note on or before July 3, 2023) of the original principal amount of the corresponding note by (ii) (y) with respect to a Next Equity Financing
Conversion, Maturity Conversion, or a SPAC Conversion, the Exercise Price (as defined herein) or (z) with respect to a Corporate Transaction, a per share price equal to the value of the consideration payable to the holder of each share of
common stock of the Company. The Exercise price is defined as follows: 

With respect to a Next Equity Financing Conversion, the per share issue price by new money investors for the
equity securities; 

With respect to a Maturity Conversion, a per share price mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Requisite
Noteholders; 

With respect to a SPAC Conversion, $11.50 per share and 

With respect to a Corporate Transaction, the Corporate Transaction Exercise Price, as defined

Additionally, the expiration date of the warrants was changed from 10 years to 5 years from the original date of
issuance. 

F-25 

The 2023 Convertible Note Warrants are legally detachable and separately exercisable from
the 2023 Convertible Notes. The Company accounts for the 2023 Convertible Note Warrants as liabilities measured at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in earnings. 

Other Warrants: 

In conjunction with the
December 22, 2023 Merger Agreement, the Company entered into a pre- funded warrant agreement (the Burkhan Pre-funded Warrant) with one of the parties to
the Merger. The Burkhan Pre-funded Warrant is only exercisable at the closing of the Merger and becomes null and void if the Merger Agreement is terminated. The Burkhan
Pre-funded Warrant provides for the issuance of a sufficient number of Company common stock shares that would allow the warrant holder to acquire BurTech Class A common Stock upon the closing of the
Merger. The maximum number of BurTech Class A Common Stock to be received under the Burkhan Pre-funded Warrant is 6,833,333, wherein a portion of this total share amount is subject to reduction, depending
on the Available Acquiror Cash, as defined in the Merger Agreement, at closing. Pursuant to the terms of the Burkhan Pre-Funded Warrant, in no case would the holder receive less than 2,500,000 shares of
BurTech Class A common stock at closing. 

On April 22, 2024, the Company amended and restated the Burkhan Pre-funded Warrant to reduce the number of BurTech Class A common stock shares to which the holder is entitled upon exchange of the Company common shares issuable upon exercise of the warrant. The number of
BurTech Class A common stock shares was reduced from a maximum of 6,833,333 share to a fixed 2,000,000 shares. This amendment, in turn, reduces the applicable number of Company common shares to be issued to the holder upon exercise.
Additionally, in conjunction with its participation in the Blaize Note Financing Agreement, one of the RT Parties received a new and separate prefunded warrant (the Ava Pre-funded Warrant) with an
exercise price of $45,000 that entitles the RT Party investor to receive 4,500,000 shares of BurTech Class A common stock, also via the issuance of Company common shares upon exercise that are subject to exchange into BurTech Class A
common stock upon the closing of the Merger. The fair value of the newly issued Ava Pre- funded Warrant of $0.5 million was recognized as a debt financing charge on 2023 convertible notes during the nine
month period ended September 30, 2024. 

All of the Companys warrants exercisable into preferred stock are classified as
liabilities requiring ongoing remeasurement at fair value. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, outstanding warrants consisted
of the following (in thousands): 

Number of warrant shares at Approximate fair value at 

Warrant Type: Exercise

Price September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 

Series D Shadow Preferred Warrants $ 10.44 338,495 $ $ 3 

Series D-2 Shadow Preferred Warrants $ 4.97 756,172 756,172 406 894 

Pay-to-Play
Warrants (a) (a) (a) 927 976 

Convertible Notes Warrants 2023 (c) (c) (c) 5,314 1,352 

Common stock warrants(b) $ 104.43 2,063 

Pre-funded common stock warrants(d) $ 0.01 (d) (d) 341 505 

Pre-funded common stock warrants(e) $ 100.00 (e) 767 

756,172 1,096,730 $ 7,755 $ 3,730 

(a) 

The number of warrant shares to be issued upon exercise of the P2P Warrants is not determined as of September
30, 2024 or December 31, 2023, therefore, the exercise price is only known in aggregate based on individual investor participation levels and timing of investment. The aggregate exercise price is $2.5 million as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023. The Companys valuation of its P2P 

F-26 

Warrants assumes a range of expected warrant shares of 744,914 to 764,330 and 694,397 to 721,086 shares of either common stock or a future preferred stock series as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023. 

(b) 

Common stock warrants represent prior Series D Preferred Warrants which were converted in November 2022 to
common stock warrants following the Companys conversion event, as adjusted for the related December 2022 reverse stock split. These common stock warrants are classified in equity upon conversion in 2022. During January 2023, 336,950 of the
Series D Preferred Warrants were reinstated upon the investor participating in the P2P Note extension. These warrants expired during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

(c) 

The number of warrant shares to be issued upon exercise of the 2023 Convertible Note Warrants as well as the
related aggregate exercise price is not determinable as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 due to variable settlement terms. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the aggregate fixed monetary amount that will serve as the basis of
calculating the number of warrant shares into which the 2023 Convertible Notes may be exercised into is $13.0 million and $2.0 million, respectively. 

(d) 

Total exercise price is $68,333. As of December 31, 2023, the number of warrant shares is estimated based
on the total Company common shares that would be required to be issued to be exchanged for the maximum number of BurTech Class A Common and is estimated at 7,007,582 shares. As of September 30, 2024, taking into consideration the effect of
the April 2024 amendment, the number of warrant shares required to be issued in the form of BurTech Class A Common stock is fixed at 2,000,000 shares. 

(e) 

Total exercise price is $45,000. As of September 30, 2024, the number of warrant shares to be issued in the
form of BurTech Class A Common stock is a fixed 4,500,000 shares. 

Assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option
pricing model to fair value the Shadow Series D warrants reinstated January 2023 and the assumptions used to fair value the Shadow Series D and Shadow Series D-2 preferred stock warrants as of the respective
reporting period were as follows: 

At issuance: 

Issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Series D-2 Shadow

Preferred Stock Warrant

Reinstatement 

Issued in 2024 Issued in 2023 

Risk-free interest rate NA 4.65 % 

Expected life, in years NA 1.11 

Expected volatility NA 65.00 % 

Dividend yield NA 0.00 % 

Fair value of preferred stock NA $ 4.01 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Series D-2 Shadow

Preferred Stock Warrants Series D Shadow

Preferred Stock

Warrants 

September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 December 31,

2023 

Risk-free interest rate 3.98 % 4.51 % 5.50 % 

Expected life, in years 0.97 1.72 0.16 

Expected volatility 57.95 % 52.50 % 52.50 % 

Dividend yield 0.00 % 0.00 % 0.00 % 

Fair value of preferred stock $ 3.78 $ 4.19 $ 5.76 

F-27 

The P2P Warrants, issued in 2022 and in 2023 were valued using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model probability-weighted for the same future event scenarios as defined in the valuation of the P2P Notes wherein the warrant strike price and the fair value of the respective Conversion Shares was calculated for each of participation
group with 20%, 30%, 40%, and 60% warrant percentages, respectively. 

At issuance: 

Issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Warrants issued with P2P

Convertible Notes

Issued in 2024 Issued in 2023

Risk-free interest rate NA 4.54% 4.79%

Expected life, in years NA 1.0 1.44 years

Expected volatility NA 61.2% 62.3%

Dividend yield NA 0.00%

Fair value of preferred stock NA $4.16

Fair value of common stock NA $0.74

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Warrants issued with 2022 P2P Notes

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023

Risk-free interest rate 3.66% 4.38% 4.54% 4.79%

Expected life, in years 0.50 2.00 years 1.0 1.44 years

Expected volatility 69.8% 71.6% 61.2% 62.3%

Dividend yield 0.00% 0.00%

Fair value of preferred stock $4.03 $4.16

Fair value of common stock $0.92 $0.74

The 2023 Convertible Note Warrants, issued in 2023 and in January and February of 2024 were valued using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model probability-weighted for future event scenarios as defined in the 2023 Convertible Note NPA. The exercise price is a floating exercise price, thus, was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The following
summarizes additional related valuation assumptions: 

At issuance: 

Issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Warrants issued with 2023

Convertible Notes

Issued in 2024 Issued in 2023

Risk-free interest rate 3.86% 5.55% NA

Expected life, in years 0.36 5.00 years NA

Expected volatility 61.2% 73.0% NA

Dividend yield 0.00% NA

Fair value of preferred stock $4.16 $4.43 NA

Fair value of common stock $0.74 $0.81 NA

F-28 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Warrants issued with

2023 Convertible Notes

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023

Risk-free interest rate 3.58% 4.93% 3.88% 5.26%

Expected life, in years 0.08 4.72 years 0.51 9.51 years

Expected volatility 66.3% 73.2% 61.2% 62.8%

Dividend yield 0.00% 0.00%

Fair value of preferred stock $ 4.03 $ 4.16

Fair value of common stock $ 0.92 $ 0.74

The fair value of the pre-funded common stock warrants has been
estimated based on a probability- weighted approach of scenarios, including the scenarios that the Merger will and will not be consummated. 

As of September 30, 2024, no Company warrants have been exercised. 

Note 9. Leases 

The Companys lease
obligations primarily consist of operating leases for its headquarters complex and domestic and international office facilities, with lease periods expiring between fiscal years 2026 and 2029, some of which include options to extend up to 12 months.
The Company does not have any leases that include residual value guarantees. 

Payments under the lease arrangements are primarily fixed,
however, certain lease agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the operating lease assets and liabilities. These amounts include variable payments for maintenance services, utilities, and other
expenses. 

The components of the net lease cost reflected in the Companys unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations
were as follows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

Three months ended

September 30, Nine months ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Operating lease costs $ 205 $ 232 $ 549 $ 786 

Short-term lease costs 6 14 26 38 

$ 211 $ 246 $ 575 $ 824 

As of September 30 2024, the Companys operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of
3.4 years and a weighted average discount rate related to the Companys right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities of 9.9%. As of December 31,
2023, the Companys operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 4.0 years and a weighted average discount rate related to the Companys ROU assets and lease liabilities of 9.8%. 

Supplemental information related to operating leases was as follows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in
thousands): 

Three months ended

September 30, Nine months ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities $ 193 $ 233 $ 577 $ 822 

F-29 

As of September 30, 2024, future minimum lease payments under the Companys non-cancelable operating leases are as follows (in thousands): 

Operating

lease

obligations 

2024 (remaining three months) $ 209 

2025 740 

2026 545 

2027 432 

2028 366 

Thereafter 14 

Total 2,306 

Less: imputed interest (344 ) 

Present value of net future minimum lease payments 1,962 

Less: short-term operating lease liabilities (655 ) 

Long-term operating lease liabilities $ 1,307 

Note 10. Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

The authorized, issued and outstanding shares of the redeemable convertible preferred stock and liquidation preferences as of
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Authorized

Shares Outstanding

Shares Net

Carrying

Value* Liquidation

Preference 

(In thousands) 

Series Seed Shadow Preferred 5,032,238 2,020,309 $ 698 $ 698 

Series A Shadow Preferred 15,174,130 4,573,935 3,183 3,183 

Series B Shadow Preferred 18,392,046 12,234,661 8,442 8,442 

Series C Shadow Preferred 13,722,052 10,211,548 48,661 48,661 

Series D Shadow Preferred 4,707,494 3,990,707 41,673 41,673 

Series D Exchange Shadow Preferred 4,707,494 239,405 2,500 2,500 

Series D-1 Shadow Preferred 3,935,839 3,662,318 30,595 30,595 

Series D-1 Exchange Shadow Preferred 3,935,839 

Series D-2 Shadow Preferred 27,042,965 7,561,820 37,595 37,595 

Total 96,650,097 44,494,703 $ 173,347 $ 173,347 

* 

net of issuance cost including cash, issuance of preferred stock warrants & dividend contribution

Under the terms of the December 12, 2022 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation the Company introduced
Shadow Preferred classes of stock. A Shadow Preferred class of stock was created for each series of preferred stock outstanding prior to the conversion. Those shareholders who participated in the Companys December 2022 P2P
Transaction obtained the benefit of the Pull-Through Exchange of their Converted Common into shares of the class(es) of Shadow Preferred Stock identical to those previously held (see Note 7). Investors who did not participate, retained ownership
only in Converted Common stock. 

In January and February 2023, the Company raised $9.4 million in additional P2P Notes, inclusive of
$0.1 million in proceeds from the Common Rights Offering (see Notes 7 and 13). Those shareholders who participated in providing additional funding in 2023 obtained the benefit of the Pull-Through Exchange of their Converted Common into shares
of the class(es) of Shadow Preferred Stock identical to those previously held (see Note 7). Investors who did not participate, retained ownership only in Converted Common stock. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Pull-Through
Exchange resulted in incremental value to the investors in 

F-30 

the P2P Notes of $30.6 million, measured as the difference in the fair value of the Shadow Preferred Stock shares held after the Pull-Through Exchange to the fair value of the Converted
Common held just prior to the Pull-Through Exchange, which has been accounted for as a Pay-to-Play financing charge in the accompanying condensed consolidated
statements of operations. 

Note 11. Common stock and Stock-Based Compensation 

Common stock: 

At September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were 175,095,000 shares of common stock authorized, respectively, and 17,482,174 and 17,454,353 shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends whenever funds are legally available and when declared by the Board of Directors,
subject to the priority rights of holders of all series of Preferred Stock outstanding. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held at all meetings of stockholders. 

Common stock reserved for issuance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, is as follows: 

September 30,

2024 December 31,

2023 

Series Seed Shadow Preferred 2,020,309 2,020,309 

Series A Shadow Preferred 4,573,935 4,573,935 

Series B Shadow Preferred 12,234,661 12,234,661 

Series C Shadow Preferred 10,211,548 10,211,548 

Series D Shadow Preferred 3,990,707 3,990,707 

Series D Exchange Shadow Preferred 239,405 239,405 

Series D-1 Shadow Preferred 3,662,318 3,662,318 

Series D-2 Shadow Preferred 7,561,820 7,561,820 

Warrants outstanding for future issuance of Series D Shadow and Series D-2 Shadow preferred
stock 756,172 1,094,667 

Warrants outstanding for future issuance of common stock 2,063 

Pay-to-Play warrants (estimated see Note 8) 764,330 721,086 

Convertible Notes warrants 2023 (a) ( )

Pre-funded warrant (estimated see Note 8) 2,000,000 7,007,582 

Pre-funded warrant April 2024 (estimated see Note 8) 4,500,000 

Stock options and restricted stock units 21,130,207 21,354,809 

Stock options available for future issuance 1,036,487 839,706 

Total shares of common stock reserved 74,681,899 75,514,616 

(a) 

The number of warrants shares to be issued upon exercise of the 2023 Convertible Note Warrants is not
determinable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31 ,2023 due to the variable settlement terms (see Note 8). 

Stock-Based
Compensation: 

In November 2011, and as amended in December 2018 and August 2021, the Company adopted the 2011 Stock Plan (the
2011 Amended Plan). Under the 2011 Amended Plan, incentive stock options (ISOs) may be granted to employees at exercise prices not lower than the fair value of the stock at the date of grant as determined by the Board, or the
committee appointed by the Board to administer the 2011 Amended Plan. For ISOs granted to a person who, at the time of the grant, owns stock representing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of the Companys stock,
the per share exercise price must be no less than 110% of the fair value on the date of the grant as determined by the Board. 

F-31 

The Company recognizes compensation expense for service-based options on a straight-line
basis over the requisite service period of all employees or non-employees, which is the awards vesting term, generally over four years. The Company accounts for forfeitures when they occur. 

The Company also grants RSUs, which vest upon the satisfaction of both the service-based condition and a liquidity event condition. The
liquidity event condition for the RSUs is satisfied upon the occurrence of a qualifying event, defined specifically in the equity documents, and generally refer to the earlier of a specified period of time subsequent to an initial public offering or
an acquisition, in all cases prior to the expiration date of the award. Additionally, for all terminated RSU grants, all RSUs which have satisfied a portion or all of the service-based condition of the termination date remain with the stockholder
and do not return to the pool of shares available for issuance until the earlier of the satisfaction of the liquidity event (at which time those RSUs vest) or the expiration date of the award. The RSUs expire as defined by the individual RSU grant,
generally the earlier of (i) the first anniversary or second anniversary of terminated service, for 2023 and prior grants, respectively, for any reason and (ii) expire date defined as the fifth anniversary of the date of grant. The fair
value of RSUs is determined based on the Companys estimated fair value of common stock at the date of grant, as determined by the Board of Directors. 

As of September 30, 2024, there were service-based options outstanding to purchase a total of 16,330,351 shares of common stock under the
Plan and 4,799,856 unvested RSUs. As of September 30, 2024, 1,036,487 shares of common stock were available for issuance for either option or RSU grants under the 2011 Amended Plan. 

Options: 

A summary of option
activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: 

Number of

options

outstanding Weighted

average

exercise

price Weighted

average

remaining

contractual

life Aggregate

intrinsic value

(in thousands) 

Outstanding options at December 31, 2023 16,437,980 $ 1.12 9.3 $ 13,907 

Granted 

Exercised (27,821 ) 2.87 

Expired (3,250 ) 0.70 

Forfeited (76,558 ) 11.17 

Outstanding options at September 30, 2024 16,330,351 $ 1.07 8.6 $ 7,269 

Vested/expected to vest at September 30, 2024 16,330,351 $ 1.07 8.6 $ 7,269 

Exercisable options at September 30, 2024 6,772,090 $ 1.94 8.1 $ 2,684 

As of September 30, 2024 there were approximately $2.4 million of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to unvested options granted, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of 1.9 years. 

The Company
recorded stock-based compensation expense for stock options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as follows (in thousands): 

Three months ended

September 30, Nine months ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Research and development $ 189 $ 64 $ 539 $ 194 

Selling, general and administrative 171 222 503 256 

Total $ 360 $ 286 $ 1,042 $ 450 

F-32 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the grant-date fair
value of stock options. The determination of the fair value of stock options on the grant date is affected by the estimated underlying common stock price, as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables
include expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rates, and expected dividends. There were no stock options granted during the nine months ended
September 30, 2024. 

Restricted-Stock Units: 

A summary of the Companys RSU activity issued under the 2011 Amended Plan, inclusive of the six million RSUs issued to an investor (see
Notes 7 and 13), for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: 

Awards Weighted-

average

grant date

fair value

(per share) 

Nonvested as of December 31, 2023 4,916,829 $ 1.18 

Issued 

Forfeited (116,973 ) $ 0.84 

Nonvested as of September 30, 2024 4,799,856 $ 1.18 

The RSUs have both a service-based condition and a liquidity event condition. The liquidity event condition is
only satisfied on the consummation of the liquidity event, such as an IPO, which is currently not determinable or probable. As the satisfaction of the liquidity event condition for all RSUs is neither determinable nor probable as of September 30,
2024, no stock-based compensation expense was recognized for the periods presented. The probability will be evaluated each reporting period. As of September 30, 2024, there was $4.4 million of total unrecognized compensation expense
related to outstanding RSU equity awards. Since the RSUs only vest on the consummation of a liquidity event which is currently not determinable or probable, the Company is unable to determine the weighted-average period over which the unrecognized
cost will be recognized. 

Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies 

Purchase Commitments 

As of
September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding purchase orders and contractual obligations totaling $0.3 million to procure inventory. The majority of the Companys outstanding inventory purchase orders and preauthorized commitments
to procure strategic components based on the Companys expected demand are placed with the Companys primary third party contract manufacturer and a semiconductor supplier. The Company has an obligation to purchase inventories that have
been purchased by the contract manufacturer when components have not been consumed within a period defined in the terms of the Companys agreement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company purchased
inventories due to this obligation as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months

Ended September 30, Nine Months

Ended September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Inventory purchases related to purchase obligation $ 346 $ $ 4,088 $ 2,027 

While the Company expects such purchased components to be used in future production of Company finished goods,
these components are considered in the Companys reserve estimate for excess and obsolete 

F-33 

inventory. Furthermore, the Company accrues for losses on commitments for the future purchase on non- cancelable and non-returnable components from this
contract manufacturer at the time that circumstances, such as changes in expected demand, indicate that the value of the components many not be recoverable, the loss is probable and management has the ability to reasonably estimate the amount of the
loss. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the liability balance of the Companys accrued losses on accrued purchase commitments equaled $1.4 million and $3.6 million, respectively, on the condensed consolidated balance
sheets. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, the Company may become involved in claims or other legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company
records accruals for outstanding legal proceedings when it is probable a liability will be incurred, and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company does not believe that there are any pending legal proceedings or other loss
contingencies that will, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Companys unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Merger Agreement 

The December 22,
2023 Merger Agreement as amended (see Note 1), provided that as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of the Merger Agreement, Burkhan and/or its affiliates and/or nominees shall purchase from the Company: (i) convertible promissory
notes under the Companys 2023 NPA (see Note 7) and (ii) the Burkhan Pre-funded Warrant (see Note 8) for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $25.0 million. 

In addition, 16,300,000 shares of New Blaize common stock may be issued as earnout shares for a period from the closing of the business
combination until the five-year anniversary thereof, in accordance with the schedule set forth in the Merger Agreement. The earnout shares are to be issued to Burkhan and eligible shareholders of the Company contingent, in each case, on the closing
stock price of the New Blaize common stock exceeding specific thresholds. 

On April 22, 2024, the Company, BurTech LP LLC, and BurTech
entered into a Backstop Subscription Agreement. Pursuant to the Backstop Subscription Agreement, in the event that the amount of cash in BurTechs trust account following redemptions and before payment of expenses is less than $30,000,000,
BurTech LP LLC shall purchase, prior to or substantially concurrently with the closing of the Merger, a number of shares of Class A common stock of BurTech equal to the difference between $30,000,000 minus the Trust Amount divided by $10.00 per
share. The April Amendment also amended various definitions and covenants to reflect the funding commitment of the BurTechs Sponsor pursuant to the Backstop Subscription Agreement. 

On April 22, 2024, BurTech LP LLC and BurTech entered into a letter agreement. Under this agreement, conditioned upon the occurrence of the
closing of the Merger, BurTech LP LLC agreed to forfeit 2,000,000 BurTech Shares to be effective immediately prior to the closing. 

The Lock-Up Agreement attached to the Merger Agreement was also amended on April 22, 2024 to include certain consent requirements to the transfer of the Burkhan Prefunded Warrant Stock and grant the Company Board
of Directors the discretion to determine whether certain persons will be subject to the lock-up requirements. 

On October 24, 2024, BurTech, Merger Sub, the Company and Burkhan entered into an Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the Second Amendment to Merger Agreement). See Note 16. 

Other 

On September 19, 2024, the Company entered into an engagement letter with KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. (KBCM) to serve as its
(i) exclusive strategic advisor in connection with the Business Combination, (ii) sole 

F-34 

and exclusive placement agent for private placement services and (iii) sole and exclusive financial advisor in connection with any potential sale transactions. Pursuant to the engagement,
the Company agreed to pay KBCM (i) a strategic advisory fee of $1,000,000 upon the Closing of the Business Combination and (ii) a placement fee based on a percentage of the gross proceeds from any private placements or, in the event no
private placement is completed but KBCM has used reasonable best efforts to secure such a private placement, a fee of $500,000 promptly (but not later than two business days) following the closing of the Business Combination. Additionally, a sale
transaction fee will be paid, calculated as the greater of $3,000,000 or 1% of the transaction value. 

Note 13. Related Party Transactions and Balances

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized revenues of approximately $0.8 million, or approximately
97% of its total revenue, from sales to one minority stockholder. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized revenues of approximately $1.5 million, or approximately 98% of its total revenue, from sales to two
minority stockholders representing 77% and 21%, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized revenues of approximately $0.6 million and $3.4 million, respectively, or 97% and nearly
100% of its total revenues, from sales to one minority stockholder. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was zero and $0.5 million of accounts receivables from one of these customers, respectively, all of which was unbilled.

In November 2023, the Company executed a $4.0 million demand note (see Note 7) with a related party investor holding more than a 10%
ownership in the outstanding stock of the Company. In April 2024, the Company repaid the total outstanding principal and interest. This related party investor also has a representative serving on the Companys Board of Directors. The same
investor invested in a 2023 Convertible Note (see Note 7) in the amount of $5.0 million or 41% of the total 2023 Convertible Note proceeds raised in 2023. In accordance with the terms of the 2023 Convertible Note NPA, the investor also received
2023 Convertible Note Warrants (see Note 8) for no additional consideration resulting in the allocation of proceeds between the 2023 Convertible Note and the 2023 Convertible Note Warrants. The 2023 Convertible Note and 2023 Convertible Note
Warrants held by this investor are subject to the adjustments in fair value. As of September 30, 2024, the related party 2023 Convertible Note and 2023 Convertible Note Warrants approximate $7.9 million and $0.5 million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2023, the related party 2023 Convertible Note and 2023 Convertible Note Warrants approximate $7.3 million and $0.9 million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the change in
fair value for the 2023 Convertible Note and 2023 Convertible Note Warrants equaled $0.3 million and $0.6 million, respectively, and ($37,000) and ($0.4) million, respectively (see Note 4). 

In January 2023, one of the minority investors with which the Company had a revenue arrangement, representing zero percent of revenue for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and 21% and zero percent of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, also invested in a P2P Note (see Note 7) in the amount of $3.3 million or 35% of
the total P2P proceeds raised in 2023. In accordance with the terms of the 2022 P2P NPA, the minority investor also received P2P Warrants (see Note 8) for no additional consideration resulting in the allocation of proceeds between the P2P Note and
the P2P Warrants. The P2P Note and P2P Warrants held by the minority investor are subject to the adjustments in fair value. As of September 30, 2024, the related party P2P Note and P2P Warrants approximate $4.2 million and
$0.2 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the related party P2P Note and P2P Warrants approximate $3.9 million and $0.3 million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the change in
fair value for the P2P Note and P2P Warrants equaled ($17,000) and $0.4 million, and ($1,000) and ($13,000), respectively (see Note 4). 

In December 2022, one of the minority stockholders with which the Company had a revenue arrangement, representing 97% of total revenues for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and 77% and nearly 100% of total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and zero percent and 98% of accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, respectively, also invested in a 

F-35 

P2P Note (see Note 7) in the amount of $0.4 million or 13% of the total P2P proceeds raised in 2022. In accordance with the terms of the 2022 P2P NPA, the minority investor also received P2P
Warrants equal (see Note 8) for no additional consideration resulting in the allocation of proceeds between the P2P Note and the P2P Warrants. The P2P Note and P2P Warrants held by the minority investor are subject to the adjustments in fair value.
As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the related party P2P Note and P2P Warrants approximate $0.5 million and $28,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the related party P2P Note and P2P Warrants approximate $0.4 million
and $29,000, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the change in fair value for the P2P Note equaled ($2,000) and $41,000, respectively (see Note 4). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the change in fair value for the P2P Note Warrants was immaterial (see Note 4). 

Note 14. Net Loss Per Share Attributable to Common Shareholders

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and dilutive net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Numerator: 

Net loss $ (25,607 ) $ (11,994 ) $ (54,503 ) $ (62,864 ) 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average number of shares outstanding used to compute net loss per share attributable to
common stockholders, basic and diluted 17,478,371 3,551,881 17,466,606 3,551,881 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted $ (1.47 ) $ (3.38 ) $ (3.12 ) $ (17.70 ) 

The following potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share
attributable to common shareholders for the periods presented because the impact of including them would have been anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock 44,494,703 44,494,703 44,494,703 44,494,703 

Stock options 16,330,351 16,444,551 16,330,351 16,444,551 

Restricted stock units 4,799,856 10,945,814 4,799,856 10,945,814 

Series D and D-2 preferred stock warrants 756,172 1,094,667 756,172 1,094,667 

Pay-to-Play
warrants (estimated See Note 8) 764,330 801,463 764,330 801,463 

Convertible Notes warrants 2023 (a) (a) (a) (a)

Common stock warrants 2,063 2,063 

Pre-funded warrant (estimated See Note 8) 2,000,000 2,000,000 

Pre-funded warrant April 2024 (estimated See Note
8) 4,500,000 4,500,000 

Total potentially dilutive shares 73,645,412 73,783,261 73,645,412 73,783,261 

(a) 

The number of warrants shares to be issued upon exercise of the 2023 Convertible Note Warrants is not
determinable as of September 30, 2024 due to the variable settlement terms (see Note 8). 

Note 15. Employee Benefit Plan

A 401(k) plan is provided that covers substantially all employees meeting certain age and service requirements. The Company makes
discretionary contributions to the 401(k) plan. The Company recorded 

F-36 

$0.2 million and $0.6 million, respectively and $0.1 million and $0.4 million, respectively in matching contributions for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023. 

Long-term employee benefits: 

The Company provides its employees in India an opportunity to participate in a long term defined benefits plan, the liability the Company bears
for providing this benefit is determined through an actuarial valuation at each reporting date. The benefit plan provides for lump sum payments to vested employees on retirement, death while in service or on termination of employment for an amount
equivalent to 15 days of basic salary for each completed year of service. Vesting occurs upon completion of five years of service. The present value of such obligation is determined by the projected unit credit method and adjusted for past service
cost and fair value of plan assets as at the balance sheet date through which the obligations are to be settled. The actuarial gain or loss on change in present value of the defined benefit obligation or change in return of the plan assets is
recognized as an income or expense in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. The expected return on plan assets is based on the assumed rate of return of such assets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the related liability
is included within accrued compensation on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Note 16. Subsequent Events 

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through November 11, 2024, the date on which these condensed consolidated financial statements
were available to be issued and has determined that the following subsequent events are reportable other than those disclosed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

On October 24, 2024, BurTech, Merger Sub, the Company and Burkhan entered into the Second Amendment to Merger Agreement. The Second
Amendment to Merger Agreement amended the original merger agreement to revise the New Blaize Board designees to nine members, including four individuals to be designated by the Company and five independent directors, designated by the Company after
consultation, in good faith, with BurTech regarding the determination of the independent directors, with the chairman designated until a new chairperson is appointed by the New Blaize Board. 

On October 24, 2024, the Companys Board of Directors approved the issuance of a total of 900,000 common stock options to a director
and an executive officer. Additionally, contingent on shareholder approval for an increase in the number of shares issuable under the 2011 Amended Plan, the Board approved the issuance of 21,329,457 contingently exercisable common stock options and
the cancellation of 135,400 restricted stock units. Finally, contingent upon the close of the proposed merger on or before December 31, 2024 and continued employment or services to the Company on the applicable grant date, the Board approved
the issuance of 6,936,285 restricted stock units under the New Blaize equity plan. 

F-37
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>d903961dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references to Blaize, we, us, our and the
Company in this section are to the business and operations of Blaize, Inc. prior to the Business Combination and to Blaize Holdings, Inc. following the consummation of the Business Combination. 

a. 

Introduction 

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X, as amended by the Final Rule, Release No. 33-10786, Amendments to the Financial Disclosures about Acquired and Disposed Businesses. The unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information presents the pro forma effects of the Business Combination and the material transactions that have occurred, or are probable of occurring, subsequent to the latest balance sheet date that are material
to investors. The Business Combination and the related transactions, as further described elsewhere in the unaudited pro forma financial information, were completed on January 13, 2025 (the Closing). 

BurTech is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware in March 2021. BurTech was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On December 10, 2021, BurTech consummated its IPO, generating gross proceeds of $287.5 million.
Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, BurTech consummated the sale of 898,250 private placement warrants at a purchase price of $10.00 per private placement warrant in a private placement to BurTechs sponsor, BurTech LP LLC, a Delaware
corporation (the Sponsor), generating gross proceeds of $9.0 million. 

Blaize, incorporated in the State of Delaware in
2010, is an innovative semiconductor and software technology company dedicated to revolutionizing the world of AI. We provide AI accelerated computing solutions for the edge. Our mission is to enable enterprises to harness the power of AI at the
edge, delivering real-time insights and decision-making capabilities with compelling speed and efficiency. With our innovative hardware and software solutions, we believe we are at the forefront of transforming industries and unlocking new
possibilities in an increasingly connected and data-driven world. 

b. 

Description of the Business Combination 

On December 22, 2023, Blaize entered into the Merger Agreement, which was subsequently amended on April 22, 2024, October 24, 2024 and
November 21, 2024, pursuant to which on January 13, 2025, among other things, Merger Sub merged with and into Blaize, following which the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub ceased and Blaize became the surviving company and a wholly
owned subsidiary of BurTech, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein (collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination). In connection with the consummation of the
Business Combination, BurTech was renamed Blaize Holdings, Inc., also referred to as Blaize herein. 

The equity exchange and financing
related matters associated with the Business Combination are summarized as follows: 

i. 

Immediately prior to the Effective Time: (i) (a) the outstanding principal together with all accrued and
unpaid interest on the Blaize Convertible Notes automatically converted into a number of shares of Blaize Common Stock in accordance with the terms of such Blaize Convertible Notes and the Blaize Convertible Note Purchase Agreements, as applicable
and (b) each share of Blaize Preferred Stock converted into one share of Blaize Common Stock (collectively, the Blaize Security Conversion); and (ii) unless otherwise exercised prior to the Effective Time, the outstanding
Company Warrants automatically (x) expired or (y) were exercised in full for shares of Company Common Stock, in each case, in accordance with the terms of such Blaize Warrant (the Warrant Event). 

1 

ii. 

Immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Burkhan Convertible Notes that were outstanding, automatically
converted, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, into the right to receive a number of shares of Blaize Common Stock in accordance with the terms of such Burkhan Convertible Notes, and (ii) the outstanding Burkhan Warrants were
automatically exercised in full for shares of Blaize Common Stock, in accordance with the terms of such Burkhan Warrants (collectively the Burkhan Conversion Event). 

iii. 

At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of any holder of Blaize
Common Stock, each share of Blaize Common Stock, in each case, that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any shares subject to Blaize RSUs and Blaize Options and any Excluded Shares, and after giving effect
to the Blaize Security Conversion, the Warrant Event and the Burkhan Conversion Event), were canceled and converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Blaize Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the
Company Base Merger Consideration, by (b) the Aggregate Company Shares (the Per Company Share Merger Consideration). 

iv. 

Following the Closing but within the five-year period following the Closing Date, Eligible Blaize Holders are
entitled to receive 15,000,000 Blaize Earnout Shares, and Burkhan is entitled to receive up to 2,600,000 Burkhan Earnout Shares, promptly after the occurrence of four separate Earnout Triggering Events. The Blaize Earnout Shares vest in four equal
tranches of 3,750,000 shares. The Burkhan Earnout Shares vest in four equal tranches of 325,000 shares plus 325,000 Blaize Common Stock multiplied by the cash ratio (the Proportionate Shares Number). The Cash Ratio is the
ratio equal to (x) Available Acquiror Cash, divided by (y) the Minimum Cash Amount. From the Closing until the five-year anniversary thereof, the earnout shares vest in four tranches if the volume-weighted price per share of Blaize Common
Stock for at least 20 trading days in any 30-day trading period following the Closing equals or exceeds $12.50, $15.00, $17.50 or $20.00. 

v. 

As of the Effective Time, (i) each Blaize Option that was outstanding and unexercised as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time automatically converted into (a) the right to receive a pro rata number of Blaize Earnout Shares and (b) a Blaize Option, upon substantially the same terms and conditions as in effect with respect to the
corresponding Blaize Option and (ii) each Blaize RSU converted into (a) the right to receive a pro rata number of Blaize Earnout Shares and (b) a Blaize RSU, upon substantially the same terms and conditions as in effect with respect to the
corresponding Blaize RSU. 

vi. 

On April 22, 2024, BurTech, Blaize, Inc. and BurTech LP LLC (the Backstop Investor) entered
into the Backstop Agreement. The Backstop Investor agreed to purchase, concurrently with the closing of the Transaction, shares of BurTech Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Backstop Shares), in a private
placement for a purchase price of $10.00 per share (the Per Share Subscription Price) to backstop certain redemptions by Blaizes shareholders. In the event that the Trust Amount is less than $30.0 million, the Backstop
Investor irrevocably subscribes for and agrees to purchase from the Issuer, at the Per Share Subscription Price, the number of Backstop Shares equal to the quotient of (a) the difference of (x) $30.0 million minus (y) the Trust Amount
divided by (b) $10.00, with such number of Backstop Shares to be rounded up to the nearest whole number, and the Issuer agrees to sell such Backstop Shares to the Backstop Investor at the Per Share Subscription Price. 

vii. 

On April 22, 2024, the Sponsor and BurTech entered into the Sponsor Forfeiture Agreement, whereby,
conditioned on Closing, the Sponsor agrees to forfeit 2,000,000 Shares held by Sponsor (the Forfeited Shares), such forfeiture was effective immediately prior to the Closing. 

viii. 

At the Closing, Blaize received the sum of (1) the amount of cash available in the trust account into
which substantially all of the proceeds of BurTechs initial public offering and private placements of its warrants have been deposited, after deducting the amount required to satisfy BurTechs obligations to its shareholders (if any) that
exercise their rights to redeem their BurTech Class A Common Stock and payment of (a) any deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and (b) any

2 

transaction expenses of BurTech and Blaize), plus (2) any Private Placement Investment actually received by BurTech prior to or substantially concurrently with the Closing Date, plus
(3) the aggregate gross proceeds of $5.0 million received by Blaize pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2023, plus (4) any and all proceeds from financings prior to or substantially concurrently with the
Closing (inclusive of proceeds received from the issuance of the Burkhan Convertible Notes and the Burkhan Warrants), plus (5) the amount contributed by or on behalf of the Sponsor and unaffiliated third-party investors pursuant to the PIPE
Investment. The sum of these amounts will be at least equal to $125.0 million (the Minimum Cash Amount). 

ix. 

On and around December 31, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement
(Non-Redemption Agreement) with one or more unaffiliated stockholders of the Company (each, an Investor) who agreed not to redeem (or validly rescind any redemption requests on) their
shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share of the Company (Non-Redeemed Shares), in connection with the Special Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to
redeem the Non-Redeemed Shares, Blaize and BurTech LP have agreed to guarantee that each Investor receives a return of $1.50 per Non-Redeemed Share whether Investor
(i) sells the Non-Redeemed Shares in the open market or (ii) exercises its option to require the Company to repurchase the Non-Redeemed Shares in accordance
with the Non-Redemption Agreement. As of the date of this filing, the Company has not concluded on the accounting analysis of such transaction, including the impacts of the
Non-Redeemed Shares and accordingly, has not given pro forma effect to in the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information. See additional information within Note 2 to the Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Financial Information. 

x. 

From December 31, 2024 through January 10, 2025, the Company and certain subscribers (each, a
Subscriber and collectively, the Subscribers) entered into subscription agreements (each, a PIPE Subscription Agreement and collectively, the PIPE Subscription Agreements) pursuant to which the Company
agreed to issue and sell to the Subscribers, immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, collectively, 1,540,300 shares of Class A Stock (the PIPE Shares) at a price per share equal to $10.00 (the PIPE
Investment). The PIPE Subscription Agreement provides, among other things, that the Company will file a resale shelf registration statement on Form S-1 within forty-five (45) calendar days of the
Closing. 

xi. 

On January 13, 2025, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated
by the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor issued a secured promissory note and pledge agreement (the Sponsor Note) to BurTech (the Holder) in the principal amount of $8,753,744.21, bearing an interest rate of 7% with annual
compounding, compounded on December 31 each year the Sponsor Note remains outstanding for the remaining principal amount of the Sponsor Note as at the maturity date, until such remaining principal amount is paid. Pursuant to the Sponsor Note,
the Sponsor granted a first priority security interest in, and pledges, 2,000,000 shares of Class A Stock and all additions, accessions and substitutions to the Holder to secure the satisfaction by the Sponsor of all its obligations to the
Holder under the Sponsor Note. The Sponsor Note was issued in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination in satisfaction of the Acquiror Transaction Expenses (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that were due to third-party service
providers on or immediately following Closing. As consideration for entry into the Sponsor Note, BurTech issued 750,000 shares of Class A Stock (Sponsor Note Shares) to the Sponsor in accordance with the terms of the Sponsor Note
(the Sponsor Note Issuance and together with the PIPE Investment, the Private Placements). The shares of Class A Stock issued in consideration for the Sponsor Note were offered in a private placement under the Securities
Act, pursuant to the Sponsor Note. 

xii. 

Redemptions occurring from September 30, 2024 through the date of Closing of (i) 241,120 BurTech public
shares and removal of $2.8 million from the trust account, and (ii) 937,844 BurTech public shares and removal of $10.9 million from the trust account. 

3 

c. 

Description of Other Material Transactions: 

Material transactions that could impact the financial information of the latest balance sheet date that are material to investors, include the
following: 

i. 

On April 26, 2024, BurTech and EF Hutton amended the Underwriting Agreement signed on December 10,
2021. In lieu of BurTech paying the full deferred underwriting commission of $10.1 million, EF Hutton agreed to accept a $1.5 million cash payment at the Closing of a Business Combination. Once this payment is made according to the new
terms, BurTechs obligation to deliver the deferred underwriting commission will be fulfilled. 

ii. 

Blaize issued or cancelled a net amount of 19,651,340 options from October 1, 2024 through the date of this
filing. 

d. 

Accounting for the Business Combination 

This unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information should be read together with the historical financial statements and related
notes of Blaize and BurTech, and other financial information included elsewhere in this prospectus. 

Blaize has been determined to be the
accounting acquirer of BurTech based on the following facts and circumstances: 

Blaize is the larger entity in terms of substantive operations and employee base and is the ongoing operations of
the combined entity. 

Blaizes existing shareholders will have the greatest voting interest in the combined entity, excluding
option holder. 

Blaizes existing shareholders have the most significant influence of any shareholder regarding election and
removal of the combined entitys board of directors. 

Blaizes senior management is the senior management of the combined entity. 

The combined company name is Blaize Holdings, Inc., i.e. the combined entity assumed Blaizes name.

The preponderance of evidence as described above is indicative that Blaize is the accounting acquirer of BurTech.
Accordingly, the merger between Blaize and BurTech is being accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, with BurTech being treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. For accounting purposes, the reverse
recapitalization is the equivalent of Blaize issuing stock for the net assets of BurTech, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of BurTech are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations
prior to the reverse recapitalization are those of Blaize. 

e. 

Basis of Pro Forma Presentation 

The adjustments in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information have been identified and presented to provide relevant
information of Blaize upon consummation of the Business Combination and other events contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Assumptions and estimates underlying the unaudited pro forma adjustments set forth in the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information are described in the accompanying notes. 

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
has been presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results and financial position that have been achieved had the Business Combination occurred on the dates indicated. The Business Combination
proceeds remaining after the payment for the redemption of 1,178,964 public shares and payment of transaction costs 

4 

related to the Merger are expected to be used for other general corporate purposes. Further, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does not purport to project the
future operating results or financial position of Blaize following the completion of the Business Combination. The unaudited pro forma adjustments represent managements estimates based on information available as of the date of these unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information and are subject to change as additional information becomes available and analyses are performed. 

The following summarizes the pro forma Blaize Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately after the Business Combination and the related
ownership percentages. 

Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Share

Ownership in Blaize 

Number of

Shares Percentage

Ownership 

Blaize Stockholders(1) 55,571,107 54.7 % 

BurTech Public Stockholders(2) 5,456,999 5.4 % 

Sponsor and related parties(3) 14,456,132 14.2 % 

Final Closing Lenders(4) 25,673,479 25.3 % 

Other(5) 431,250 0.4 % 

Total shares at Closing 101,588,967 100.0 % 

(1) 

The number of shares held by the Blaize Stockholders is comprised of (i) the exchange of the 17,518,791
issued and outstanding Blaize Common Stock for 13,663,527 shares of Blaize Class A Common Stock, which gives effect to 36,617 shares that have been issued since September 30, 2024 (ii) the settlement of Blaize Convertible Notes (excluding
Burkhan Convertible Notes and Final Closing Lender Convertible Notes) in exchange for the issuance of 6,189,504 shares of Blaize Class A Common Stock, (iii) the conversion and net exercise of Blaize Warrants to 1,005,657 shares of Blaize
Class A Common Stock, and (iv) the conversion of Blaize Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock for 34,712,419 shares of Blaize Class A Common Stock based on the Exchange Ratio of approximately 0.78 shares of Blaize Class A Common
Stock for one (1) share of Blaize Common Stock or common stock equivalent upon the Closing of the Business Combination. 

The number of shares held by the Blaize Stockholders does not include (i) 4,070,299 shares of Blaize Class A Common Stock that are issued
related to the conversion of the BurTech Notes or (ii) 21,173,479 shares of Blaize Class A Common Stock held by the Blaize Final Closing Lenders. 

(2) 

The number of shares held by BurTech Public Stockholders is determined by adding (i) 3,166,699 shares remaining
after giving effect to redemptions, (ii) 1,540,300 shares that are issued associated with the PIPE, and (iii) 750,000 shares that are issued associated with the Sponsor Note Shares. 

(3) 

The number of shares held by the Sponsor and related parties is determined by adding (i) the
Sponsors holdings of 10,385,750 BurTechs Redeemable Class A Common Stock at September 30, 2024, as reduced by 2,000,000 of BurTechs Redeemable Class A Common Stock that are to be forfeited as part of the Sponsor
Forfeiture Agreement, (ii) 2,000,000 shares that are issued associated with Burkhan Warrants, and (iii) 4,070,299 shares issued upon conversion of the Burkhan Convertible Notes. 

(4) 

Final Closing Lender shares is determined by adding (i) 4,500,000 of Blaize Class A Common Stock issued
upon net exercise of the warrants issued pursuant to the Blaize Warrant Financing and (ii) 21,173,479 of Blaize Class A Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Final Closing Lender Notes. 

(5) 

Represents ownership in Blaize Common Stock, attributable to existing holdings in BurTech Class A Common
Stock that is held by underwriters associated with BurTechs initial public offering. 

The table above excludes
Blaize shares associated with (i) Blaize Options, (ii) Blaize RSUs, (iii) any potential Blaize Earnout Shares and (iv) Public and Private Warrants. 

5 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET 

(in thousands) 

As of September 30, 2024 Note As of September 30, 2024 

Blaize, Inc.

(Historical) BurTech

Acquisition

Corp.

(Historical) Material

Event

Adjustments

(Note 3) Transaction

Accounting

Adjustments

(Note 4) Note Pro Forma

Combined 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 68,640 $ $ (5,560 ) 4(A) $ 63,080 

Restricted cash 67 33,055 4(R) 33,122 

Accounts receivable (including related parties of $0) 1,784 (69 ) 4(B) 1,715 

Inventories 8,406 8,406 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 6,081 126 4,221 4(C) 10,428 

Total current assets 84,911 193 31,647 116,751 

Investments held in Trust Account 49,915 (49,915 ) 4(D) 

Property and equipment, net 2,032 2,032 

Deferred income tax assets 1,069 1,069 

Operating lease right of use assets 1,978 1,978 

Other assets 670 670 

Total Assets $ 90,660 $ 50,108 $ $ (18,268 ) $ 122,500 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, AND STOCKHOLDERS
DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable $ 10,979 $ $ (474 ) 4(E) $ 10,505 

Accrued and other current liabilities 6,924 3,270 (2,692 ) 4(E) 7,502 

Accrued loss on purchase commitments 1,396 1,396 

Accrued compensation 3,326 3,326 

Income tax payable 359 406 765 

Due to Trust Account 69 (69 ) 4(B) 

Advances from related party 2,164 (2,164 ) 4(F) 

Promissory note related party 1,500 (1,500 ) 4(F) 

Current operating lease liabilities 655 655 

Convertible notes, current 15,977 (15,977 ) 4(G) 

Demand notes 

Derivative liability Backstop Subscription Agreement 447 (447 ) 4(Q) 

Excise tax payable 2,523 2,523 

Total current liabilities 39,616 10,379 (23,323 ) 26,672 

6 

As of September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2024 

Blaize, Inc.

(Historical) BurTech

Acquisition

Corp.

(Historical) Material

Event

Adjustments

(Note 3) Note Transaction

Accounting

Adjustments

(Note 4) Note Pro Forma

Combined 

Earnout shares liability 87,777 4(H) 87,777 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 1,307 1,307 

Warrant liabilities 7,755 (7,755 ) 4(I) 

Convertible notes 148,551 (148,551 ) 4(G) 

Other liabilities 25 25 

Deferred underwriting commissions 10,063 (8,563 ) 3 (A) (1,500 ) 4(J) 

Total liabilities 197,254 20,442 (8,563 ) (93,352 ) 115,781 

Commitments and contingencies Convertible preferred stock 173,347 (173,347 ) 4(K) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 49,495 (49,495 ) 4(L) 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

BurTech Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares 1 (1 ) 4(M) 

BurTech Acquisition Corp. Class B Ordinary Shares 

Blaize Holdings, Inc. common stock 10 4(N) 10 

Common stock 

Treasury stock 

Additional paid-in capital 142,618 622,527 4(O) 765,145 

Accumulated deficit (422,559 ) (19,830 ) 8,563 3 (A) (324,610 ) 4(P) (758,436 ) 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) (279,941 ) (19,829 ) 8,563 297,926 6,719 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) $ 90,660 $ 50,108 $ $ (18,268 ) $ 122,500 

7 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Blaize, Inc.

(Historical) BurTech

Acquisition

Corp.

(Historical) Transaction

Accounting

Adjustments

(Note 5) Note Pro Forma

Combined 

Revenue (including related party revenue of $3,840) $ 3,856 $ $ 3,856 

Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 3,656 3,656 

Research and development 18,115 7,162 5(A) 25,277 

Selling, general and administrative 17,303 3,385 6,754 5(A) 27,442 

Depreciation and amortization 2,040 2,040 

Loss on purchase commitments 1,165 1,165 

Transaction costs 105 12,596 5(B) 12,701 

Total costs and expenses 42,384 3,385 26,512 72,281 

Loss from operations (38,528 ) (3,385 ) (26,512 ) (68,425 ) 

Other income (expense), net: 

Pay-to-Play
financing charge (35,832 ) (35,832 ) 

Debt financing charge on 2023 convertible notes (3,145 ) (3,145 ) 

Other expense, net (255 ) (255 ) 

Gain on foreign exchange transactions 50 50 

Change in fair value of convertible notes (9,532 ) (237,402 ) 5(C) (246,934 ) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (945 ) (89,549 ) 5(D) (90,494 ) 

Other financing costs 

Interest income earned on Trust Account 5,752 (5,752 ) 5(E) 

Total other income (expense) (49,659 ) 5,752 (332,703 ) (376,610 ) 

Loss before income taxes (88,187 ) 2,367 (359,215 ) (445,035 ) 

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes (598 ) 1,028 430 

Net income (loss) $ (87,589 ) $ 1,339 (359,215 ) $ (445,465 ) 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted 4,213,244 21,453,551 101,588,967 

Net loss per share basic and diluted $ (20.79 ) $ 0.06 $ (4.38 ) 

8 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Blaize, Inc.

(Historical) BurTech

Acquisition

Corp.

(Historical) Transaction

Accounting

Adjustments

(Note 6) Note Pro Forma

Combined 

Revenue (including related party revenue of $1,525) $ 1,553 $ $ $ 1,553 

Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 1,039 1,039 

Research and development 15,765 6,862 6(A) 22,627 

Selling, general and administrative 14,538 2,526 5,273 6(A) 22,337 

Depreciation and amortization 688 688 

Transaction costs 163 163 

Total costs and expenses 32,193 2,526 12,135 46,854 

Loss from operations (30,640 ) (2,526 ) (12,135 ) (45,301 ) 

Other income (expense), net: 

Debt financing charge on convertible notes (464 ) (464 ) 

Other income, net 1,677 1,677 

Loss on foreign exchange transactions (62 ) (62 ) 

Change in fair value of convertible notes (25,921 ) 25,921 6(B) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 1,255 (1,255 ) 6(C) 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities (447 ) 447 6(E) 

Interest income earned on Trust Account 1,892 (1,892 ) 6(D) 

Total other income (expense) (23,515 ) 1,445 23,221 1,151 

Loss before income taxes (54,155 ) (1,081 ) 11,086 (44,150 ) 

Provision for income taxes 348 406 754 

Net income (loss) $ (54,503 ) $ (1,487 ) $ 11,086 $ (44,904 ) 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted 17,466,606 15,162,663 101,588,967 

Net loss per share basic and diluted $ (3.12 ) $ (0.10 ) $ (0.44 ) 

9 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Note 1 Basis of Presentation 

The
merger between Blaize and BurTech is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, with BurTech being treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. For accounting purposes, the reverse recapitalization is the
equivalent of Blaize issuing stock for the net assets of BurTech, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of BurTech are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the reverse
recapitalization are those of Blaize. 

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet of Blaize as of September 30, 2024 assumes
that the transactions occurred on September 30, 2024. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations of Blaize for the year ended December 31, 2023 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 presents pro
forma effect to the transactions as if it had been completed on January 1, 2023. 

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance
sheet as of September 30, 2024 and unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 has been prepared using, and should be read in conjunction with, the following: 

unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of BurTech for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and the related notes, included elsewhere in this prospectus; and 

unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Blaize for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and the related notes, included elsewhere in this prospectus. 

The unaudited pro forma condensed
combined statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 has been prepared using, and should be read in conjunction with, the following: 

consolidated financial statements of BurTech for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the related notes, included
elsewhere in this prospectus; and 

consolidated financial statements of Blaize for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the related notes, included
elsewhere in this prospectus. 

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared to
illustrate the effect of the Business Combination and other material transactions and has been prepared for informational purposes only. 

Management has made significant estimates and assumptions in its determination of the pro forma adjustments (Other Material Event
Adjustments and Transaction Accounting Adjustments). As the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared based on these preliminary estimates, the final amounts recorded may differ materially from
the information presented. Article 11 of Regulation S-X allows for the presentation of reasonably estimable synergies and other transaction effects that have occurred or are reasonably expected to occur
(Managements Adjustments). Blaize has elected not to present Managements Adjustments and will only be presenting Other Material Event Adjustments and Transaction Accounting Adjustments in the following unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial information. 

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared in
accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X as amended by the final rule, Release No. 33-10786 Amendments to Financial Disclosures about Acquired and
Disposed Businesses. The pro forma adjustments reflecting the Business Combination with BurTech are based on certain currently available information and certain assumptions and methodologies that BurTech believes are reasonable under the
circumstances. The unaudited pro forma adjustments, which are described in the accompanying notes, may be revised as additional information becomes available and is evaluated. 

10 

Therefore, it is likely that the actual adjustments will differ from the pro forma
adjustments, and it is possible such differences may be material. BurTech believes that these assumptions and methodologies provide a reasonable basis for presenting all of the significant effects of the Business Combination based on information
available to management at the time and that the pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those assumptions and are properly applied in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. 

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does not give effect to any anticipated synergies, operating efficiencies,
tax savings, or cost savings that may be associated with the Business Combination. 

The pro forma condensed combined provision for income
taxes does not necessarily reflect the amounts that would have resulted had Blaize filed consolidated income tax returns during the periods presented. 

The unaudited pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share amounts presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of
operations are based upon the number of Blaize shares outstanding, assuming the Business Combination occurred on January 1, 2023. 

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operations and
financial position would have been had the Business Combination taken place on the dates indicated, nor are they indicative of the future consolidated results of operations or financial position of Blaize. They should be read in conjunction with the
historical financial statements and notes thereto of BurTech and Blaize. 

Note 2 Accounting Policies and
In-Process Accounting Analysis 

Upon completion of the accounting for the completed Business
Combination, management will perform a comprehensive review of BurTechs accounting policies. As a result of the review, management may identify differences between the accounting policies of the companies which, when conformed, could have a
material impact on the combined financial statements. Based on its initial analysis, management has not identified any material differences in accounting policies that would have a material impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information. 

On and around December 31, 2024, the Company entered into the
Non-Redemption Agreement with one or more unaffiliated stockholders of the Company who agreed not to redeem (or validly rescind any redemption requests on) their shares of Class A common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share of the, in connection with the Special Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem the Non-Redeemed Shares, Blaize and BurTech LP agreed to guarantee that each Investor
receives a return of $1.50 per Non-Redeemed Share whether Investor (i) sells the Non-Redeemed Shares in the open market or (ii) exercises its option to require
the Company to repurchase the Non-Redeemed Shares in accordance with the Non-Redemption Agreement. The Company has not completed its analysis of the accounting for
the Non-Redeemed Shares, but will evaluate the provisions to determine if the instrument will be accounted for in accordance with: 

ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity if the instrument is treated as a liability, it will
be recognized at fair value upon issuance and each reporting period with changes in fair value recognized in income 

ASC 815 Derivative and Hedging and if the instrument meets the criteria to be accounted for within
equity, the fair value of the instrument will be recognized as a component of equity. If the instrument does not meet the criteria to be accounted for within equity, it will be recognized as a liability at fair value upon issuance and each reporting
period with changes in fair value recognized in income. 

The Company has not yet completed a valuation to determine the
fair value of the instrument and results of the accounting may be material to the post-combination entity 

11 

Note 3 Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information for Other
Material Events 

Subsequent to September 30, 2024, BurTech has had certain events occur, or that were probable of occurring, that are
considered material to investors. 

BurTech Material Event Adjustments BurTech adjustments include: 

(A) 

Adjustment reflects the effects of the April 26, 2024 amended Underwriting Agreement between BurTech and
EF Hutton, whereby in lieu of BurTech paying the full deferred underwriting commission of $10.1 million, EF Hutton agreed to accept a $1.5 million settlement if the Business Combination closes. Accordingly, an adjustment has been made to
reduce the deferred underwriting commission liability by $8.6 million, with a corresponding adjustment to accumulated deficit. 

Note 4 Transaction Accounting Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet 

The pro forma Blaize and Transaction Accounting Adjustments, based on preliminary estimates that could change materially as additional
information is obtained, are as follows: 

(A) 

Cash and cash equivalents Reflects the Transaction Accounting Adjustments impact of the Business
Combination on the cash and cash equivalents balance of Blaize. The table below summarizes the pro forma adjustments as follows: 

Description Note Amount 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Reclassification of funds held in the Trust Account 4(A)(i) $ 36,278 

Payment of transaction costs and other costs 4(A)(ii) (19,022 ) 

Repayment of BurTech related party notes and advance 4(A)(iii) (3,664 ) 

Payment of deferred underwriting fee payable 4(A)(iv) (1,500 ) 

Proceeds from PIPE 4(A)(v) 15,403 

Reclassification of restricted cash 4(A)(vi) (33,055 ) 

Pro Forma Adjustment Cash and cash equivalents $ (5,560 ) 

(i) 

Represents the release of $36.3 million of funds held in the Trust Account upon the Closing of the
Business Combination subsequent to redemptions. After giving effect to the $33.1 million reclassification of funds to restricted cash pursuant to Note 4(R), Restricted cash, the remaining funds will be made available for the ongoing
operations of Blaize as cash and cash equivalents. Refer to Note 4(D), Investments held in the Trust Account, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries for the decrease of funds held in the Trust Account. 

(ii) 

Reflects the payment of $19.0 million of nonrecurring transaction costs incurred, or estimated transaction
costs remaining to be incurred, settled prior to, or upon, the Closing of the Business Combination. Amount represents the costs of financial advisory, legal, and other professional services, in connection with the Business Combination.

Of the $19.0 million estimated transaction costs, approximately $11.4 million are incurred by BurTech.
$2.3 million of BurTechs total $11.4 million transaction costs were included on BurTechs historical balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 as a component of BurTechs accrued expenses and other current liabilities
balance. See Note 4(E), Accounts payable and accrued and other current liabilities, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. The approximate remaining amount of $9.1 million consists of transaction costs incurred by BurTech.
These amounts exclude the $1.5 million of BurTechs transaction costs relating to the deferred underwriting fees described in Note 4(A)(iv), Cash and cash equivalents, and Note 4(J), Deferred underwriting commissions. 

12 

As of September 30, 2024, $0.9 million of Blaizes total $7.6 million
in expected transaction costs were accrued on the historical balance sheet of Blaize as a component of Blaizes accounts payable and accrued expense balances. See Note 4(E), Accounts payable and accrued andother current
liabilities, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. The approximate remaining amount of $6.7 million consists of transaction costs incurred by Blaize (see Note 4(O)(i) Additional
paid-in capital and Note 4(P)(ii), Accumulated deficit, for the corresponding $5.6 million and $1.1 million change to Blaizes additional
paid-in capital and accumulated deficit balances). 

(iii) 

Represents the settlement of certain convertible working capital loans from the Sponsor to BurTech in the
amount of $1.5 million and the settlement of advance from the Sponsor to BurTech in the amount $2.2 million. The convertible promissory notes were settled in cash, rather than converted to Blaize equity. 

(iv) 

Reflects the payment of deferred underwriting commissions incurred during BurTechs IPO, which was settled
in cash, in the amount of $1.5 million. See Note 4(J), Deferred underwriting commissions, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. 

(v) 

Reflects the proceeds of $15.4 million from the issuance and sale of 1.5 million shares of Blaize
common stock, with a per share par value of $0.0001, at $10.00 per share pursuant to the PIPE Investment. See Note 4(O)(x), Additional paid-in capital, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries.

(vi) 

Amount represents the reclassification of $33.1 million to restricted cash pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, whereby the amounts are required to be held in a separate escrow account at the Closing of the Business Combination and held until such Non-Redeemed
Shares are either sold in the market and/or put to the Company and such funds are then distributed to the Investors and Company accordingly. See Note 4(R), Restricted cash, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries.

(B) 

Accounts receivable Receivable and payable reflects the amount due to be reimbursed to the Trust
Account from the Sponsor. Pro forma adjustment assumes settlement of these amounts upon execution of the Business Combination and settlement of the Trust Account. 

(C) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets Reflects (i) the reclassification of
$4.5 million of transaction costs incurred by Blaize in conjunction with the Business Combination and which are capitalized within Blaizes prepaid expenses and other current assets as of September 30, 2024. Upon the close of the
Business Combination, such costs were reclassified as an equity issuance cost, resulting in a $4.5 million decrease to prepaid expenses and other current assets and a $4.5 million decrease to additional
paid-in capital. Additionally, reflects the (ii) $8.8 million note receivable related to the Sponsor Note for which BurTech issued 750 thousand shares of New Blaize common stock pursuant to the
Sponsor Note Issuance. See Note 4(O)(ii) and (x), Additional paid-in capital, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. 

(D) 

Investments held in the Trust Account Represents the reclassification of $36.3 million of
funds associated with the Investments held in the Trust Account that become available at the Closing of the Business Combination after giving effect to the impact of redemptions of BurTechs Class A Redeemable Common Stock amounting to
$13.6 million. See Note 4(A)(i), Cash and cash equivalents and Note 4(L), Class A Common Stock subject to redemption and for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. 

(E) 

Accounts payable and accrued and other current liabilities Reflects the payment of
$2.3 million of nonrecurring transaction costs incurred by BurTech for legal services settled prior to, or upon, the Closing of the Business Combination. Additionally, reflects the payment of $0.9 million of nonrecurring transaction costs
incurred by Blaize for financial advisory, legal, and other professional services settled prior to, or upon, the Closing of the Business Combination. See Note 4(A)(ii), Cash and cash equivalents, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting
entries. 

13 

(F) 

BurTech advances and working capital loans Represents the settlement of certain convertible
working capital loans from the Sponsor to BurTech in the amount of $1.5 million and the settlement of advance from the Sponsor to BurTech in the amount $2.2 million. The convertible promissory notes were settled in cash, rather than
converted to BurTech equity, and paid off with funds from the Merger. See Note 4(A)(iii), Cash and cash equivalents, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. 

(G) 

Convertible notes Immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination, all outstanding
amounts of the convertible notes, including those issued to the Final Closing Lenders, as defined, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, converted into shares of Blaize Common Stock. As the convertible notes are accounted for at
fair value or are expected to be recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company performed a final fair value measurement using the value of Blaize shares ultimately to be issued to such lenders. The measurement was performed using an
assumed market price of $13.09 per share on the first date of trading, which resulted in a loss related to the change in fair value of $246.9 million. See Note 4(P)(iii) Accumulated deficit, for corresponding pro forma entries. The
remeasured value of $411.5 million was reclassified into additional paid in capital, see Note 4(O)(iii) Additional paid-in capital, for corresponding pro forma entries. 

(H) 

Earnout shares liability Reflects the preliminary estimated fair value of liability classified
Blaize Equityholders Earnout Shares of $87.8 million as of September 30, 2024, with a corresponding decrease of $87.8 million to additional paid-in capital. See Note 4(O)(iv) Additional
paid-in capital, for corresponding pro forma entries. For further information on the earnout shares, see Note 7. 

(I) 

Warrant liabilities Immediately prior to the Effective Time, the outstanding Blaize warrants were
automatically net exercised in full for shares of Blaize Common Stock or such warrants expired. Pro forma adjustment reflects (i) the final remeasurement to fair value of $90.5 million and (ii) the elimination of a liability of
$98.2 million associated with such warrant liabilities which occurred in conjunction with the Closing and the settlement into equity as part of the recapitalization and equity exchange. The warrant treatment assumes that certain Blaize warrants
that were out of the money at Closing Date remain unexercised and therefore expire. See Note 4(O)(v), Additional paid-in capital, and Note 4(P)(iv), Accumulated deficit, for the corresponding pro
forma adjusting entries. 

(J) 

Deferred underwriting commissions Reflects the settlement of BurTechs $1.5 million
deferred underwriting commissions at the Closing of the Business Combination from the funds held in the Trust Account. Refer to Note 4(A)(iv), Cash and cash equivalents, for the corresponding adjusting pro forma entries.

(K) 

Convertible preferred stock Represents the conversion of 44,494,703 shares of Blaize Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock into 44,494,703 shares of Common Stock, immediately prior to the Closing of the Business Combination as part of the Blaize Security Conversion event, resulting in the reclassification of $173.3 million from mezzanine
equity to permanent equity. 

(L) 

Class A Common Stock subject to redemption Represents the reclassification of
$35.9 million of BurTechs Redeemable Class A Common Stock, which was not redeemed, from temporary equity (mezzanine) to permanent equity of Blaize after giving effect to the redemption of 1,178,964 public shares. The redemptions were
paid with funds from the trust account, amounting to $13.6 million. Refer to Note 4(D), Investments held in the Trust Account, and Note 4(O)(vii), Additional paid-in capital, for the
corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. 

(M) 

BurTech Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares Represents adjustment to
reclassify the par value associated with BurTechs Class A Ordinary shares to the par value associated with Blaize. 

(N) 

Blaize Common Stock Represents the adjustment to establish the value of the common stock based on
a par value of $0.0001 as applied to 101,588,967 shares of Blaize outstanding at the Effective Time. 

14 

(O) 

Additional paid-in capital Represents the impact of the
Business Combination on additional paid-in capital. The table below summarizes the pro forma adjustments as follows: 

Description Note Amount 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Blaize Transaction Expenses 4(O)(i) $ (5,562 ) 

Reclass of Deferred Transaction Costs 4(O)(ii) (4,533 ) 

Conversion of Blaize Convertible Notes 4(O)(iii) 411,462 

Recognition of liability classified Earnout Shares 4(O)(iv) (87,777 ) 

Conversion of Blaize Warrants 4(O)(v) 98,249 

Conversion of Blaize Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 4(O)(vi) 173,338 

Reclassification of BurTechs Redeemable Class A Common Stock 4(O)(vii) 35,858 

Recognition of stock based compensation associated with performance condition awards 4(O)(viii) 5,864 

Reclassification of BurTechs accumulated deficit to additional paid-in capital (elimination) 4(O)(ix) (28,976 ) 

Issuance of PIPE Investment and Sponsor Note 4(O)(x) 24,157 

Reversal of Derivative Liability 4(O)(xi) 447 

Pro Forma Adjustment Additional paid-in
capital $ 622,527 

(i) 

Represents transaction costs of approximately $5.6 million incurred by Blaize related to financial
advisory, legal, and other professional services, in connection with the Business Combination prior to the Closing. These costs are non-recurring in nature. Refer to Note 4(A)(ii), Cash and cash
equivalents, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. 

(ii) 

Reflects the reclassification of $4.5 million of transaction costs incurred by Blaize in conjunction with
the Business Combination and which are capitalized within prepaid expenses and other current assets as of September 30, 2024. Upon the close of the Business Combination, such costs were reclassified as an equity issuance cost, resulting in a
$4.5 million decrease to prepaid expenses and other current assets and a $4.5 million decrease to additional paid-in capital. Refer to Note 4(C), Prepaid expenses and other current assets, for the
corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. 

(iii) 

Immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination, all outstanding amounts of the convertible notes,
including those issued to the Final Closing Lenders, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, converted into shares of Blaize Common Stock. The remeasured value of $411.5 million was reclassified into additional paid in capital.
Refer to Note 4(G), Convertible notes, for the corresponding adjusting pro forma entries. 

(iv) 

Reflects the preliminary estimated fair value of liability classified Blaize Equityholders Earnout Shares
of $87.8 million as of September 30, 2024, with a corresponding recognition of $87.8 million Earnout Shares liability. Refer to Note 4(H), Earnout shares liability, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries and Note 7 for
further information. 

(v) 

Reflects the conversion of the final remeasured warrant liability of $98.2 million which occurred in
conjunction with the Closing and the settlement into Blaize Common stock as part of the Warrant Event. Refer to Note 4(I), Warrant liabilities, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. The warrant treatment assumes that certain
warrants were out of the money at Closing Date remain unexercised and therefore expire. 

(vi) 

Represents the conversion of 44,494,703 shares of Blaize Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock into 44,494,703
shares of Blaize Common Stock, immediately prior to the Closing of the 

15 

Business Combination as part of the Blaize Security Conversion event, resulting in the reclassification of $173.3 million from mezzanine equity to permanent equity. Refer to Note 4(K),
Convertible preferred stock, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. 

(vii) 

Represents the reclassification of $35.9 million of BurTechs Redeemable Class A Common Stock
from temporary equity (mezzanine) to permanent equity after giving effect to redemptions Refer to Note 4(L), Class A Common Stock subject to redemption, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries.

(viii) 

Reflects the recognition of $5.9 million of stock-based compensation expense associated with Blaize
performance-based equity awards that have a portion that are immediately vested upon the successful completion of a Business Combination. Refer to Note 4(P)(v), Accumulated deficit, for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries.

(ix) 

Reflects the $29.0 million elimination of BurTechs historical accumulated deficit as part of the
reverse recapitalization at the Closing of the Business Combination, after giving effect to the $9.1 million of transaction costs expected to be incurred by BurTech related to the Business Combination (as described in Note 4(A)(ii), Cash and
cash equivalents, and Note 4(P)(vi), Accumulated deficit). 

(x) 

Reflects the recording of $24.2 million from the issuance and sale of (i) 1.5 million shares of
Blaize common stock, with a per share par value of $0.0001, at $10.00 per share pursuant to the PIPE Investment, and (ii) 750 thousand shares of Blaize common stock, pursuant to the Sponsor Note Issuance. See Note 4(A)(v), Cash and cash
equivalents, and Note 4(C), Prepaid expenses and other current assets for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. 

(xi) 

Reflects the reversal of the $0.4 million BurTech derivative liability related to the Backstop Agreement
in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination. Refer to Note 4(Q), Derivative liability Backstop Subscription Agreement, for the corresponding adjusting pro forma entries. 

(P) 

Accumulated deficit Represents the impact of the Business Combination on accumulated deficit. The
table below reflects the pro forma adjustments as follows: 

Description Note Assuming

No

Redemptions 

(Amounts in thousands) 

BurTech Transaction Expenses 4(P)(i) $ (9,146 ) 

Blaize Transaction Expenses 4(P)(ii) (1,148 ) 

Remeasurement of Blaize Convertible Notes 4(P)(iii) (246,934 ) 

Remeasurement of Warrants 4(P)(iv) (90,494 ) 

Recognition of stock based compensation associated with performance condition awards 4(P)(v) (5,864 ) 

Reclassification of BurTechs accumulated deficit to additional paid-in capital (elimination) and other charges 4(P)(vi) 28,976 

Pro Forma Adjustment Accumulated deficit $ (324,610 ) 

(i) 

Amount represents certain transaction related expenses incurred subsequent to September 30, 2024 by
BurTech prior to the Closing. Refer to Note 4(A)(ii), Cash and cash equivalents, for the corresponding adjusting pro forma entries. 

(ii) 

Amount includes $0.9 million of transaction costs associated with issuance of the Earnout Shares to
nonemployees, which are liability-classified instruments, and which are subsequently measured at fair value. Accordingly, these transaction costs were recorded to accumulated deficit, based on a

16 

relative fair value allocation compared to all financial instruments issued as part of the Business Combination. Further amount includes $0.2 million of audit-related fees incurred with the
transaction and expected to be paid at close that are not direct and incremental to the consummation of the Business Combination and therefore are expected to be expensed, with a corresponding increase to accumulated deficit. Refer to Note 4(A)(ii),
Cash and cash equivalents, for the corresponding adjusting pro forma entries. 

(iii) 

Represents the final remeasurement of Blaize convertible notes which are accounted for under the fair value
option, at the time of the Blaize Security Conversion resulting in an increase to accumulated deficit of $246.9 million. Refer to Note 4(G), Convertible notes, for the corresponding adjusting pro forma entries. 

(iv) 

Represents the final remeasurement of Blaize liability classified warrants at the time of the Warrant Event,
which results in a $90.5 million loss on remeasurement to mark the warrants to fair value. Adjustment includes the recognition of $5.3 million of gain on expiration of certain Blaize warrants that are out of the money at the Warrant Event
date and are assumed to not net exercise. Accordingly, the expiration of such warrants has been reflected as a decrease to the warrant liability and a decrease to accumulated deficit. Refer to Note 4(I), Warrant liabilities, for the
corresponding adjusting pro forma entries. 

(v) 

Reflects the recognition of $5.9 million of stock-based compensation expense associated with Blaize
performance-based equity awards that have a portion that are immediately vested upon the successful completion of the Business Combination. Refer to Note 4(O) (viii), Additional paid-in capital, for the
corresponding adjusting pro forma entries. 

(vi) 

Reflects the reclassification of BurTechs historical accumulated deficit to additional paid-in capital in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, inclusive of the $9.1 million discussed in Note 4(A)(ii), Cash and cash equivalents. Refer to
Note 4(O)ix, Additional paid-in capital, for the corresponding adjusting pro forma entries. 

(Q) 

Derivative liability Backstop Subscription Agreement Reflects the reversal of the
$0.4 million BurTech derivative liability related to the Backstop Agreement in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination. Refer to Note 4(O)(xi), Additional paid-in capital, for
the corresponding adjusting pro forma entries. 

(R) 

Restricted cash Amount represents the reclassification of $33.1 million from cash and cash
equivalents to restricted cash pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, whereby the amounts are required to be held in a separate escrow account at the Closing of the Business Combination and held until such
Non-Redeemed Shares are either sold in the market and/or put to the Company and such funds are then distributed to the Investors and Company accordingly. See Note 4(A)(vi), Cash and cash equivalents,
for the corresponding pro forma adjusting entries. 

17 

Note 5 Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations for the Year
Ended December 31, 2023 

The pro forma adjustments included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2023, are as follows: 

(A) 

Reflects estimated stock-based compensation to be incurred assuming the Closing of the Business Combination
occurred on January 1, 2023, with details of the effects on the impacted financial statement line items as follows: 

Description Note Research and

development Selling,

general and

administrative 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Stock-based compensation associated with Earnout shares 5(A)(i) $ 5,018 $ 6,518 

Stock-based compensation upon achievement of performance condition 5(A)(ii) 2,144 236 

Pro Forma Adjustment Stock-based compensation $ 7,162 $ 6,754 

i. 

Represents estimated stock-based compensation measured as of the closing date for the portion of the Earnout
Shares issuable to existing option holders with continuing service requirements, and assuming no forfeitures (see Note 7) recognized stock-based compensation for the year as an increase of $5.0 million to research and development expense and
$6.5 million to selling, general and administrative expense. 

ii. 

Reflects incremental stock-based compensation expense associated with Blaize RSUs granted to employees which
vest upon satisfaction of both a service condition and liquidity condition, which are satisfied upon completion of the Business Combination. The liquidity event has not been deemed probable for expense recognition in the historical unaudited
condensed consolidated statement of operations and the triggering event only becomes probable upon a liquidity event, in this case, the Merger. The Company has recorded the incremental stock- based compensation expense for the year as an increase of
$2.1 million to research and development expense and $0.2 million to selling, general and administrative expense. 

(B) 

Amount represents the transaction expenses incurred by both BurTech and Blaize prior to Closing. Impact is
calculated as (i) $11.5 million of incurred transaction costs by BurTech to be expensed by BurTech prior to close, (ii) $0.9 million of transaction costs incurred by Blaize associated with issuance of the Earnout Shares to nonemployees,
which are liability-classified instruments, and which are subsequently measured at fair value. Accordingly, these transaction costs were expensed, based on a relative fair value allocation compared to all financial instruments issued as part of the
Business Combination and (iii) $0.2 million of audit related fees incurred with the transaction and paid at close that are not direct and incremental to the consummation of the Business Combination and therefore are expensed.

(C) 

Reflects (i) the elimination of $9.5 million of loss on changes in the fair value of Blaizes
convertible notes, which were accounted for under the fair value option during the year ended December 31, 2023, offset by (ii) the reflection of a final fair value measurement associated with all convertible notes, assuming the date of
the closing is January 1, 2023, resulting in a loss on remeasurement of $246.9 million. 

18 

(D) 

Reflects estimated impacts to the pro forma statement of operations associated of the various warrants, the
details of such effect are as follows: 

Description Note 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Elimination of loss on changes in fair value of warrants 5(E)(i) $ 945 

Final remeasurement of warrants at time of Warrant Event 5(E)(ii) (90,494 ) 

Pro Forma Adjustment Warrants $ (89,549 ) 

i. 

Reflects the elimination of $0.9 million of loss on changes in the fair value of Blaizes liability
classified warrants during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ii. 

Reflects the final fair value measurement associated with all liability classified warrants at the time of the
Warrant event, assuming the date of the Closing is January 1, 2023. Such measurement results in a loss on remeasurement of $90.5 million. 

(E) 

Represents the elimination of $5.8 million of BurTechs historical interest income earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account, which was dissolved and liquidated upon the Closing of the Business Combination. 

Note 6 
Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

(A) 

Reflects estimated stock-based compensation to be incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
with details of the effects on the impacted financial statement line items as follows: 

Description Note Research and

development Selling,

general and

administrative 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Stock-based compensation associated with Earnout shares 6(A)(i) $ 3,763 $ 4,888 

Stock-based compensation upon achievement of performance condition 6(A)(ii) 3,099 385 

Pro Forma Adjustment Stock-based compensation $ 6,862 $ 5,273 

(i) 

Represents estimated stock-based compensation measured as of the closing date for the portion of the Earnout
Shares issuable to existing option holders with continuing service requirements, and assuming no forfeitures (see Note 7) resulting in recognized stock-based compensation for the nine months as an increase of $3.8 million to research and
development expense and $4.9 million to selling, general and administrative expense. 

(ii) 

Reflects incremental stock-based compensation expense associated with Blaize RSUs granted to employees which
vest upon satisfaction of both a service condition and liquidity condition, which are satisfied upon completion of the Business Combination. The liquidity event has not been deemed probable for expense recognition in the historical unaudited
condensed consolidated statement of operations and the triggering event only becomes probable upon a liquidity event, in this case, the Merger. The Company has recorded the incremental stock- based compensation expense for the nine months as an
increase of $3.1 million to research and development expense and $0.4 million to selling, general and administrative expense. 

(B) 

Reflects the elimination of $25.9 million of loss on changes in the fair value of Blaizes
convertible notes which were accounted for under the fair value option during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

19 

(C) 

Reflects the elimination of $1.3 million of gain on changes in the fair value of Blaizes liability
classified warrants during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

(D) 

Represents the elimination of $1.9 million of BurTechs historical interest income earned during the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 on the funds held in the Trust Account, which were dissolved and liquidated upon the Closing of the Business Combination. 

(E) 

Represents the elimination of $0.4 million of loss on changes in the fair value of BurTechs derivate
liability associated with the Backstop Agreement during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Note 7 Earnouts

Following the Closing, the Eligible Blaize Equityholders (including holders of Blaize Options or Blaize RSUs) have the right to
receive up to 15,000,000 Blaize Earnout Shares in four tranches upon the occurrence of the Earnout Triggering Events during the Earnout Period. Further, following the Closing, Burkhan have the right to receive up to 2,600,000 Burkhan Earnout Shares
in four tranches upon the occurrence of the Earnout Triggering Events during the Earnout Period. The total amount of Burkhan Earnout Shares to be issued is dependent on the Proportionate Shares Number, which is equal to 325,000 Acquiror Class A
Common Stock multiplied by the cash ratio. 

upon the occurrence of Triggering Event I, a one-time issuance of
3,750,000 Company Earnout Shares to Blaize Equityholders will be made and a one-time issuance of Burkhan Earnout Shares in an amount equal to the sum of (x) 325,000 plus (y) the Proportionate Shares
Number will be made. Triggering Event I means the first date during the Earnout Period on which the closing stock price of Blaize Class A Common Stock is greater than or equal to $12.50 per share for twenty (20) trading days within any
thirty (30) consecutive trading day period; 

upon the occurrence of Triggering Event II, a one-time issuance of
3,750,000 Company Earnout Shares to Blaize Equityholders will be made and a one-time issuance of Burkhan Earnout Shares in an amount equal to the sum of (x) 325,000 plus (y) the Proportionate Shares
Number will be made. Triggering Event II means the first date during the Earnout Period on which the closing stock price of Blaize Class A Common Stock is greater than or equal to $15.00 per share for twenty (20) trading days within any
thirty (30) consecutive trading day period; 

upon the occurrence of Triggering Event III, a one-time issuance of
3,750,000 Company Earnout Shares to Blaize Equityholders will be made and a one-time issuance of Burkhan Earnout Shares in an amount equal to the sum of (x) 325,000 plus (y) the Proportionate Shares
Number will be made. Triggering Event III means the first date during the Earnout Period on which the closing stock price of Blaize Class A Common Stock is greater than or equal to $17.50 per share for twenty (20) trading days within any
thirty (30) consecutive trading day period; 

upon the occurrence of Triggering Event IV, a one-time issuance of
3,750,000 Company Earnout Shares to Blaize Equityholders will be made and a one-time issuance of Burkhan Earnout Shares in an amount equal to the sum of (x) 325,000 plus (y) the Proportionate Shares
Number will be made. Triggering Event IV means the first date during the Earnout Period on which the closing stock price of Blaize Class A Common Stock is greater than or equal to $20.00 per share for twenty (20) trading days within any
thirty (30) consecutive trading day period. 

Earnout shares issuable to any eligible recipient in respect of Blaize
Options or Blaize RSUs held by such recipient as of immediately prior to the Closing shall be issued to such recipient only if such recipient continues to provide services (whether as an employee, director or individual independent contractor) to
Blaize or one of its subsidiaries through the date of the occurrence of the corresponding Triggering Event. 

20 

1. 

Earnout Shares Issued to Holders of Blaize Stock Options and Blaize RSUs 

The preliminary accounting conclusion related to the grant of Blaize Earnout Shares to existing holders of stock options or restricted stock
units is considered a compensatory award and accounted for under ASC 718, Share-Based Compensation as the Blaize Earnout Shares are subject to forfeiture based on the satisfaction of certain service conditions. Each Triggering Event is considered a
market condition. The requisite service condition is the period of time it takes to achieve all four market conditions. As this is not explicitly stated in the earnout arrangement, the service period is implied from the expected period over which
the shares are expected to achieve the market condition. Under this guidance, the award is measured at fair value at the grant (or issue) date using the Monte Carlo simulation model and expense is recognized over the derived service period of
5 years. Further these awards have been determined to be equity classified and accordingly will not be remeasured at each reporting date. 

The preliminary estimated fair value of the Blaize Earnout Shares subject to ASC 718 was $57.7 million, assuming the service conditions
were met and assuming no forfeitures. The vested amounts of $11.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 and $8.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were recorded as stock- based compensation expense in
the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations as it was probable the market condition would be met. 

2. 

Earnout Shares Issued to Blaize and Burkhan 

The earnout shares to be issued to all other Blaize equityholders not within the scope of ASC 718 and to Burkhan were evaluated under ASC Topic
480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, to determine if the earnout award agreements should be classified as a liability. As part of that analysis, it was determined that the earnout shares are freestanding and not liability classified under
ASC 480. It was next evaluated whether the earnout shares represented a derivative instrument pursuant to ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Paragraph ASC 815-10-15-74(a) provides a scope exception to derivative accounting and states that a reporting entity shall not consider contracts that are both (a) indexed to an entitys own stock
and (b) classified in stockholders equity in its statement of financial position to be derivative instruments. In order to conclude that the earnout shares meet this scope exception and whether they should be accounted for as equity under ASC 815-40, it was evaluated whether the earnout shares meet both of these requirements. The preliminary accounting conclusions for the earnout shares under the arrangement resulted in liability classification
pursuant to ASC 815-40. The liability for such Earnout Shares will be remeasured at each reporting date with changes in the fair value recorded to earnings. 

The Company has placed a value of $87.8 million on the liability. The earnout liability will be remeasured at each reporting date with
changes in the fair value recorded to earnings. 

3. 

Fair Value of Earnout Shares 

The fair value of the Blaize Earnout Consideration that was not subject to ASC 718 was determined by using the assumed stock price of Blaize of
$10.00 at the grant date and multiplying it by the expected probability of achieving the market conditions. 

Note 8 Net Loss Per Share 

Represents the net loss per share calculated using the historical weighted average shares outstanding and the issuance of additional shares in
connection with the Business Combination, and other related events, assuming such additional shares were outstanding since January 1, 2023. As the Business Combination and other related events are being reflected as if they had occurred as of
January 1, 2023, the calculation of weighted average 

21 

shares outstanding for basic and diluted net loss per share assumes the shares issued in connection with the Business Combination and other related events have been outstanding for the entire
periods presented. 

For the nine months ended

September 30, 2024 

Pro forma net loss $ (44,904 ) 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted 101,588,967 

Pro forma net loss per share, basic and diluted $ (0.44 ) 

For the year ended

December 31, 2023 

Pro forma net loss $ (445,465 ) 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted 101,588,967 

Pro forma net loss per share, basic and diluted $ (4.38 ) 

Weighted average shares outstanding for both basic and diluted was calculated as follows for the year ended
December 31, 2023 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Basic and Diluted 

Blaize stockholders 55,571,107 

BurTechs public stockholders 5,456,999 

Sponsor & related parties 14,456,132 

Final closing lenders 25,673,479 

Other 431,250 

Total Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 101,588,967 

The following outstanding shares of Blaize Common Stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of pro
forma diluted net loss per share because including them would have had an anti-dilutive effect for the year ended December 31, 2023 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

Assuming

No

Redemptions 

Blaize Stock Options and RSUs(1) 31,679,816 

Earnout Shares 17,600,000 

Public Warrants 28,750,000 

Private Warrants 898,250 

Total 78,928,066 

(1) 

Amount gives effect to the net impact of 19,651,340 options that have been granted or cancelled from October 1,
2024 through the date of this filing. 

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>d903961dex993.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.3
<TEXT>
EX-99.3

Exhibit 99.3 

Blaize, Inc. and BurTech Acquisition Corp. announce closing of business combination 

Washington, D.C. and El Dorado Hills, CA Jan. 13, 2025 BurTech Acquisition Corp. (BurTech) (NASDAQ: BRKH), a
publicly-traded special purpose acquisition company, and Blaize, Inc. (Blaize), a provider of purpose-built, artificial intelligence (AI)-enabled edge computing solutions, today announced the completion of their previously
announced business combination (the Business Combination). The combined company will operate under the name Blaize Holdings, Inc. and begin trading on Nasdaq under the ticker symbols BZAI and BZAIW on
January 14, 2025. The Business Combination, approved at a special meeting of BurTech shareholders on December 23, 2024, begins a new period in Blaizes growth in bringing artificial intelligence to the edge. 

The Business Combination marks a major milestone for Blaize as it continues building its transformative new compute solution that unites silicon and software
to optimize AI from the edge to the core. Blaize has strong traction with over $400 million in a qualified pipeline of prospective customers it expects to engage in 2025 and a global footprint with Tier 1 supply chain relationships. 

Today is an exciting milestone on Blaizes journey of powering the next generation of computing, said Dinakar Munagala, CEO of Blaize. AI-powered edge computing is the future due to its low power consumption, low latency, cost-effectiveness and data privacy advantages. Blaize is well-positioned with our full-stack hardware and software
solution purpose-built for edge computing. 

We are pleased to announce the successful completion of our merger, marking a significant
milestone in bringing value for our shareholders, said Shahal Khan, CEO and chairman of BurTech. AI-powered edge computing is redefining what is possible across a broad range of sectors, from
security and monitoring to enterprise edge AI to autonomous systems. Were so thrilled to partner with Blaize as it delivers the next generation of computing. 

Advisors 

Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP and Loeb & Loeb LLP acted as legal counsel to BurTech. Jefferies served as a Capital Markets Advisor to Burtech and was
represented by Kirkland & Ellis LLP. Latham & Watkins LLP acted as legal counsel to Blaize. KeyBanc Capital Markets served as strategic advisor to Blaize, and Sidley Austin LLP acted as legal counsel to KeyBanc Capital Markets. In
addition, D.A. Davidson & Co., Rosenblatt Securities, and Roth Capital Partners, LLC acted as Capital Markets Advisors to Blaize, and Blueshirt Capital Advisors is serving as an investor relations advisor to Blaize. 

About BurTech 

BurTech (NASDAQ: BRKH) is a
special-purpose acquisition company dedicated to partnering with exceptional businesses and providing them with the resources and expertise to excel in the public market. With a focus on delivering long-term value to stockholders and supporting
innovative companies, BurTech is committed to creating success stories in technology industries. With steadfast stockholders, a robust financial footing, and an unyielding commitment to innovation, BurTech is a visionary force in the technology
world. 

About Blaize 

Blaize provides a full-stack
programmable processor architecture suite and low-code/no-code software platform that enables AI processing solutions for high-performance computing at the
networks edge and in the data center. Blaize solutions deliver real-time insights and decision-making capabilities at low power consumption, high efficiency, minimal size, and low cost. Blaize has raised over $330 million from strategic
investors such as DENSO, Mercedes-Benz AG, Magna, and Samsung and financial investors such as Franklin Templeton, Temasek, GGV, Bess Ventures, BurTech LP LLC, Rizvi Traverse, and Ava Investors. Headquartered
in El Dorado Hills (CA), Blaize has more than 200 employees worldwide with teams in San Jose (CA) and Cary (NC), and subsidiaries in Hyderabad (India), Leeds and Kings Langley (UK), and Abu Dhabi (UAE). 

Media Contact: 

Leo Merle 

Blaize 

info@blaize.com 

Mark Roberts 

The Blueshirt Group for Blaize 

ir@blaize.com 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) that are based on beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to Blaize, including statements
regarding Blaizes business plans and growth strategies, market opportunities, customer pipeline and financial prospects. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: may, will,
could, would, should, expect, intend, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, project, potential,
continue, ongoing, target, seek or the negative or plural of these words, or other similar expressions that are predictions or indicate future events or prospects, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many
factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this document, including but not limited to: (i) changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions;
(ii) the expected benefits of the Business Combination are not obtained; (iii) the ability to meet stock exchange listing standards following the consummation of the Business Combination; (iv) the risk that the Business Combination
disrupts current plans and operations of Blaize as a result of the consummation of the Business Combination; (v) failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition,
the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain its management and key employees; (vi) costs related to the Business Combination; (vii) changes in
applicable law or regulations; (viii) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Blaize; (ix) the effects of competition on Blaizes future business; (x) the ability of the combined company to issue
equity or equity-linked securities or obtain debt financing; (xi) the enforceability of Blaizes intellectual property rights, including its copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade secrets, and the potential infringement on the
intellectual property rights of others; and (xii) those factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed on December 6, 2024 by Blaize Holdings, Inc. and other documents filed,
or to be filed, by Blaize Holdings, Inc. with the SEC. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation by any person that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results
of such forward-looking statements will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Blaize does not undertake any duty to update these forward-looking statements.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>d903961dex994.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.4
<TEXT>
EX-99.4

Exhibit 99.4 

Blaize partners with VSBLTY to develop new AI-enabled hybrid technology for large-scale global safety
and security solutions 

The joint development will provide AI-based computer vision solutions
designed for the high demands of challenging defense and national security environments 

EL DORADO HILLS, CA January 14, 2025 
Blaize Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:BZAI), a provider of purpose-built, artificial intelligence (AI)-enabled edge computing solutions, and VSBLTY Groupe Technologies Corp., a leading software provider of AI-driven
security and retail analytics technology, announced they have entered into a joint technology commercial agreement for the development and deployment of complete AI-enabled safety and security solutions. 

The companies have been collaborating on several commercial deals that have resulted in a commercial agreement for Blaize to support VSBLTY on the development
costs associated with optimizing VSBLTY software on Blaize silicon. VSBLTY has issued a Purchase Order to Blaize, the fulfillment of which is subject to several conditions related to production deployment and performance criteria. 

The agreement includes the establishment of a technology center to create practical AI architectural hybrid designs. The initial milestone is the successful
creation of a Digital Twin Lab environment demonstrating AI computer vision solutions specifically for large-scale safety, security, and defense-based contracts. This initiative is expected to provide deployable solutions today while maintaining
unique flexibility to adapt to the rapidly evolving innovations in the AI landscape over time. 

This is an exciting day for Blaize as we forge
ahead with VSBLTY to bring our combined solution to market to achieve a significant impact on our ability to drive both scalability and major cost efficiency in these critically important security deployments. Our smart cameras will largely be
deployed outdoors and primarily in rugged, far-edge environments needed for municipal and national security projects that require extensive field deployments using thousands of surveillance cameras (in some
cases over 25,000), said Dinakar Munagala, CEO of Blaize. Our combined solution is already considered a key component in several pending contracts, including border control programs where far-edge
capability is crucial. 

We are extremely honored to be selected as Blaizes AI computer vision partner to create solutions that
aide law enforcement and armed forces to better understand and respond to various incidents and threats, said Jay Hutton, CEO of VSBLTY. The exact nature of the analytics and application requirements will evolve over time and will
require flexible and scalable underlying architecture and component technologies making our collaboration and co-development partnership critical to the future success of large, long-term security
deployments. 

About Blaize 

Blaize provides
a full-stack programmable processor architecture suite and low-code/no-code software platform that enables AI processing solutions for high-performance computing at the
networks edge and in the data center. Blaize solutions deliver real-time insights and decision-making capabilities at low power consumption, high efficiency, minimal size, and low cost. Blaize has raised over $330 million from strategic
investors such as DENSO, Mercedes-Benz AG, Magna, and Samsung and financial investors such as Franklin Templeton, Temasek, GGV, Bess Ventures, BurTech LP LLC, Rizvi Traverse, and Ava Investors. Headquartered
in El Dorado Hills (CA), Blaize has more than 200 employees worldwide with teams in San Jose (CA) and Cary (NC), and subsidiaries in Hyderabad (India), Leeds and Kings Langley (UK), and Abu Dhabi (UAE). 

About VSBLTY 

Headquartered in Philadelphia, VSBLTY (OTCQB: VSBGF) (CSE: VSBY) (Frankfurt: 5VS) (OTC: VSBGF) (VSBLTY) is the world leader in Artificial
Intelligence and real time interpretation of what a CCTV and other cameras see. By utilizing facial recognition, age and gender, VSBLTYs proprietary technology can effectively enhance retail brand engagement and data analytics measurement
through customized ads on instore digital displays at point of purchase in real time. This technology has been proven to increase brand sales by over 25%. The firm is also recognized for its leadership role in the growing Store as a
Medium movement that enables brands to reach customers with paid media ads when and where buying decisions are being made while producing a new revenue stream for retailers. Most recently, VSBLTY has been building object recognition software
to identify products by SKU, at the point of checkout, to integrate this capability into their retail media network offering to retailers and large CPG brands that lack customer information and transaction data at the point of sale. Using its
proprietary AI software, and the various data collected using their software, VSBLTY has also developed a range of security solutions that include not only facial recognition but weapon recognition utilizing modern surveillance cameras and legacy
CCTV cameras. VSBLTY has the capability to create a proactive security system rather than a reactive security system, providing early warning of threats that can save lives. Data collected through the platform can inform large scale deployments for
smart city, private state and federal municipal security programs including border control. 

Media Contact: 

Leo Merle 

Blaize 

info@blaize.com 

Mark Roberts 

The Blueshirt Group for Blaize 

ir@blaize.com 

Linda Rosanio 

VSBLTY 

lrosanio@vsblty.net 

Cautionary Statement Regarding
Forward Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) that are based on beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to
Blaize, including statements regarding Blaizes business plans and growth strategies, market opportunities, commercial agreements and purchase orders, and financial prospects. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the
following words: may, will, could, would, should, expect, intend, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate,
predict, project, potential, continue, ongoing, target, seek or the negative or plural of these words, or other similar expressions that are predictions or indicate
future events or prospects, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and,
as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this document, including but not limited to: (i) changes in domestic and foreign
business, market, financial, political and legal conditions; (ii) the expected benefits of the Business Combination are not obtained; (iii) the ability to meet stock exchange listing standards following the consummation of the Business
Combination; (iv) the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of Blaize as a result of the consummation of the Business Combination; (v) failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business
Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and 

suppliers and retain its management and key employees; (vi) costs related to the Business Combination; (vii) changes in applicable law or regulations; (viii) the outcome of any
legal proceedings that may be instituted against Blaize; (ix) the effects of competition on Blaizes future business; (x) the ability of the combined company to issue equity or equity-linked securities or obtain debt financing;
(xi) the enforceability of Blaizes intellectual property rights, including its copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade secrets, and the potential infringement on the intellectual property rights of others; (xii) the failure to meet
conditions required for payments to be received under purchase orders; and (xiii) those factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed on December 6, 2024 by Blaize Holdings,
Inc. and other documents filed, or to be filed, by Blaize Holdings, Inc. with the SEC. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation by any person that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that
any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking statements will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Blaize does not undertake any duty to update these
forward-looking statements
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>bzai-20250113.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>bzai-20250113_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>bzai-20250113_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share [Member] 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share [Member] 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share [Member] 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share [Member] 

Address Type [Domain] 
Address Type [Domain] 

Entity Addresses Address Type [Axis] 
Entity Addresses Address Type [Axis] 

Former Address [Member] 
Former Address [Member] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 
Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Entity Information Former Legal Or Registered Name 
Entity Information Former Legal Or Registered Name 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>bzai-20250113_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>g903961g0117120311329.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 13, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 13, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Blaize Holdings, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-41139

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2708752

Entity Address Address Line 1 4659 Golden Foothill Parkway

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 206

Entity Address City Or Town El Dorado Hills

Entity Address State Or Province CA

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 95762

City Area Code 916

Local Phone Number 347-0050

Entity Information Former Legal Or Registered Name BurTech Acquisition Corp.

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001871638

Former Address [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Address Address Line 1 1300 Pennsylvania Ave NW

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 700

Entity Address City Or Town Washington

Entity Address State Or Province DC

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 20004

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol BZAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol BZAIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: bzai_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: bzai_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_FormerAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
4 
26 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://dfinsolutions.com//20250113/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bzai-20250113.xsd 
bzai-20250113_def.xml 
bzai-20250113_lab.xml 
bzai-20250113_pre.xml 
d903961d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-008517-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>d903961d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001871638 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

0001871638 

dei:FormerAddressMember 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

0001871638 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

0001871638 

us-gaap:WarrantMember 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

--12-31 
false 
0001871638 
8-K 
2025-01-13 
Blaize Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-41139 
86-2708752 
4659 Golden Foothill Parkway 
Suite 206 
El Dorado Hills 
CA 
95762 
916 
347-0050 
BurTech Acquisition Corp. 
1300 Pennsylvania Ave NW 
Suite 700 
Washington 
DC 
20004 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
BZAI 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
BZAIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>