<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001503274-25-000042.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0001503274-25-000042.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250404061247
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001503274-25-000042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Quanterix Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001503274
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				208957988
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38319
		FILM NUMBER:		25811965

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 MIDDLESEX TURNPIKE
		CITY:			BILLERICA
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01821
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-301-9400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 MIDDLESEX TURNPIKE
		CITY:			BILLERICA
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01821
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>qtrx-20250402.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?qtrx-20250402

false000150327400015032742025-04-022025-04-02

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 2, 2025

QUANTERIX CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38319 20-8957988

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

900 Middlesex Turnpike 

Billerica, MA 01821

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

(617) 301-9400

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

x Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share QTRX The Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging Growth Company o

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreement

On April 2, 2025, Quanterix Corporation (Quanterix) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with Akoya Biosciences, Inc. (Akoya), pursuant to which Akoya will issue and sell to Quanterix from time to time, in a private placement, one or more convertible promissory notes having an aggregate principal amount of up to $30,000,000 (the Convertible Notes). Akoya may draw on the Convertible Notes between May 15, 2025 and the earlier of (a) the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 9, 2025, as it may be amended from time to time, by and among Quanterix, Akoya and Wellfleet Merger Sub, Inc. (the Merger Agreement) and (b) July 9, 2025 if the Merger Agreement is lawfully terminated pursuant to its terms on or prior to such date; provided, however, that if the closing of the transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement occurs on or prior to May 15, 2025, Akoya may not draw on the Convertible Notes. Additionally, if the initial termination date of July 9, 2025 is extended to January 9, 2026 in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, Akoya may draw on the Convertible Notes until January 9, 2026. 

Any Convertible Notes issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement will mature on the earliest to occur of (i) the 91st day following the earlier of (a) November 1, 2027 and (b) the date that Akoyas indebtedness under the Credit and Security Agreement, dated October 27, 2020, by and among Akoya, Midcap Financial Trust, as a lender and as agent (MidCap), and the other lenders named therein (the Akoya Existing Loan Agreement) is repaid in full and all commitments under such documents have been terminated and (ii) subject to the terms of the Subordination Agreement (as defined below), any acceleration of the Convertible Notes. Any Convertible Note issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the SOFR interest rate plus an applicable margin specified in the Convertible Note to, but excluding, the date of repayment or conversion of the Convertible Note. Interest on the Convertible Notes will be paid in arrears on the first day of each month and on the maturity date of the Convertible Notes. Subject to the terms of the Subordination Agreement, any interest payments will be made exclusively to Quanterix in cash.

If drawn, the Convertible Notes will be convertible at the election of Quanterix during the period beginning on the date, if any, that the Merger Agreement is terminated and ending on the maturity date of the Convertible Notes into shares of common stock, par value $0.00001, of Akoya (Akoya Common Stock), at a conversion price equal to the product of (i) the exchange ratio set forth in the Merger Agreement, as it may be adjusted pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, and (ii) the VWAP of Quanterixs common stock for the 10 consecutive trading days ending on the trading day prior to the entry into the Merger Agreement, subject to adjustment. 

The Convertible Notes prohibit conversion if it would result in the issuance of more than 19.99% of Akoya Common Stock in the aggregate prior to obtaining stockholder approval. The Convertible Notes will also contain customary anti-dilution provisions to adjust the conversion price from time to time based upon certain issuances of securities by Akoya. The Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and events of default as well as certain operating covenants applicable to Akoya until the closing of the transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Registration Rights Agreement

At such time as Akoya draws any funds and thereby issues any Convertible Notes, Akoya and Quanterix will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, Akoya must prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) no later than August 13, 2025 a registration statement with respect to the resale of shares of Akoya Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes.

Subordination Agreement

At such time as Akoya draws any funds and thereby issues any Convertible Notes, Quanterix, Akoya and MidCap will enter into a subordination agreement (the Subordination Agreement), pursuant to which Quanterix and Akoya will agree, among other things, that the Convertible Notes will be subordinate to any debt outstanding and obligations owing under the Akoya Existing Loan Agreement.

The description of the Securities Purchase Agreement, form of Convertible Note, form of Registration Rights Agreement and form of Subordination Agreement (collectively, the Transaction Documents) set forth above is only a 

summary of their material terms, does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full and complete terms contained in the Securities Purchase Agreement, form of Convertible Note, form of Registration Rights Agreement and form of Subordination Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively, to this Form 8-K and incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference. The Transaction Documents are not intended to be a source of factual, business or operational information about Quanterix, Akoya or their subsidiaries. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Transaction Documents were made only for purposes of such Transaction Documents and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such Transaction Documents, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties, including being qualified by disclosures for the purpose of allocating contractual risk between the parties instead of establishing matters as facts; and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors or security holders. Accordingly, investors should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 

Securities Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Akoya Biosciences, Inc. dated April 2, 2025.

10.2 

Form of Convertible Note

10.3 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement

10.4 

Form of Subordination Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

Important Additional Information

In connection with the proposed acquisition of Akoya. by Quanterix, Quanterix filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (the Registration Statement), which contains a preliminary joint proxy statement of Quanterix and Akoya and a preliminary prospectus of Quanterix (the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus), and each of Quanterix and Akoya may file with the SEC other relevant documents regarding the proposed transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC BY QUANTERIX AND AKOYA, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THOSE DOCUMENTS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT QUANTERIX, AKOYA AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. A definitive copy of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be mailed to Quanterix and Akoya stockholders when that document is final. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain the Registration Statement and the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, as well as other filings containing information about Quanterix and Akoya, free of charge from Quanterix or Akoya or from the SECs website when they are filed. The documents filed by Quanterix with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at Quanterixs website, at www.quanterix.com, or by requesting them by mail at Quanterix Investor Relations, 900 Middlesex Turnpike, Billerica, MA 01821. The documents filed by Akoya with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at Akoyas website, at www.akoyabio.com, or by requesting them by mail at Akoya Biosciences, Inc., 100 Campus Drive, 6th Floor, Marlborough, MA 01752 ATTN: Chief Legal Officer.

Participants in the Solicitation

Quanterix and Akoya and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Quanterix or Akoya in respect of the proposed transaction. Information about Quanterixs directors and executive officers is available in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, and other documents filed by Quanterix with the SEC. Information about Akoyas directors and executive officers is available in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and Akoyas proxy statement dated April 23, 2024, for its 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and other documents filed by Akoya with the SEC. Other information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is contained in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction when they become available. Investors should read the definitive 

Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus carefully when it becomes available before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from Quanterix or Akoya as indicated above.

No Offer or Solicitation

This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval with respect to the Merger, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Statements included in this Current Report on Form 8-K which are not historical in nature or do not relate to current facts are intended to be, and are hereby identified as, forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are based on, among other things, projections as to the anticipated benefits of the transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Merger) as well as statements regarding the impact of the Merger on Quanterixs and Akoyas business and future financial and operating results, the amount and timing of synergies from the Merger and the closing date for the Merger. Words and phrases such as may, approximately, continue, should, expects, projects, anticipates, is likely, look ahead, look forward, believes, will, intends, estimates, strategy, plan, could, potential, possible and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Quanterix and Akoya caution readers that forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict with regard to, among other things, timing, extent, likelihood and degree of occurrence, which could cause actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, the following possibilities: the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the right of one or both of the parties to terminate the Merger Agreement; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Quanterix or Akoya; the failure to obtain stockholder approvals or to satisfy any of the other conditions to the Merger on a timely basis or at all; the possibility that the anticipated benefits and synergies of the Merger are not realized when expected or at all, including as a result of the impact of, or problems arising from, the integration of the two companies or as a result of the strength of the economy and competitive factors in the areas where Quanterix and Akoya do business; the possibility that the Merger may be more expensive to complete than anticipated; diversion of managements attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities; potential adverse reactions or changes to business or employee relationships, including those resulting from the announcement or completion of the Merger; changes in Quanterixs share price before the closing of the Merger; risks relating to the potential dilutive effect of shares of Quanterix common stock to be issued in the Merger; the ability of Akoya to repay any Convertible Notes and other factors that may affect future results of Quanterix, Akoya and the combined company. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described above can be found in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, and in other documents Quanterix and Akoya file with the SEC, which are available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Current Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to herein. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if Quanterixs or Akoyas underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what Quanterix and Akoya anticipate. Quanterix and Akoya caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. Neither Quanterix nor Akoya assumes any obligation to update or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

QUANTERIX CORPORATION

By: /s/ Vandana Sriram

Name: Vandana Sriram

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Date: April 4, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex101-securitiespurchaseag.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

BY AND BETWEEN

QUANTERIX CORPORATION

AND

AKOYA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Dated as of April 2, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS1

Section 1.1Definitions 1

Section 1.2Construction 10

ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE 11

Section 2.1The Purchase and Sale 11

Section 2.2Closing 12

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 13

Section 3.1Organization and Corporate Power 13

Section 3.2Authorization; Valid and Binding Agreement 14

Section 3.3Issuance of Securities 14

Section 3.4No Conflicts 15

Section 3.5Consents 15

Section 3.6No General Solicitation; Agents Fees 15

Section 3.7Application of Takeover Protections; Rights Agreement 15

Section 3.8SEC Reports; Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 16

Section 3.9Absence of Certain Developments 17

Section 3.10Conduct of Business; Regulatory Permits. 18

Section 3.11Anti-Corruption Laws 19

Section 3.12Sarbanes-Oxley Act 19

Section 3.13Transactions With Affiliates 19

Section 3.14Capitalization. 19

Section 3.15Contracts and Commitments 21

Section 3.16Litigation 21

Section 3.17Insurance 21

Section 3.18Employment and Labor Matters 21

Section 3.19Title. 23

Section 3.20Intellectual Property Rights. 23

Section 3.21Environmental Laws 24

Section 3.22Tax Status 25

Section 3.23Data Privacy 27

Section 3.24Investment Company Status 28

Section 3.25U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation 28

Section 3.26Registration Eligibility 28

Section 3.27Transfer Taxes 28

Section 3.28Shell Company Status 28

Section 3.29ERISA Compliance. 28

Section 3.30Management 29

Section 3.31FDA and Regulatory Matters 30

Section 3.32No Disqualification Events 32

Section 3.33No Integrated Offering 32

Section 3.34Regulation M Compliance 32

i

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 32

Section 4.1Organization 32

Section 4.2Authorization; Valid and Binding Agreement 33

Section 4.3No Conflict 33

Section 4.4Consents 33

Section 4.5No Registration 33

Section 4.6Purchasing Intent 34

Section 4.7Sophistication; Investigation 34

Section 4.8Bad Actor 34

ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL COVENANTS 34

Section 5.1Covenants of the Company 34

Section 5.2Nasdaq 19.99% Cap 35

Section 5.3Stockholder Approval 35

Section 5.4Registration Rights Agreement 35

Section 5.5Integration 36

Section 5.6Required Minimum. 36

Section 5.7Acknowledgment of Dilution 37

Section 5.8Blue Sky Filings 37

Section 5.9Use of Proceeds 37

ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES 37

Section 6.1Conditions to the Obligations of Purchaser at the Closing 37

Section 6.2Conditions to the Obligations of the Company at the Closing 38

ARTICLE VII TERMINATION 39

Section 7.1Termination 39

Section 7.2Effect of Termination 40

ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS 40

Section 8.1Notices 40

Section 8.2Assignment; Third-Party Beneficiaries 41

Section 8.3Entire Agreement; Counterparts 42

Section 8.4Applicable Law; Jurisdiction 42

Section 8.5Waiver of Jury Trial 43

Section 8.6Waivers and Amendments; Severability 43

Section 8.7Specific Performance 43

Section 8.8Publicity 44

Section 8.9Survival 44

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Form of Convertible Note

Exhibit B Form of Registration Rights Agreement

ii

THE INDEBTEDNESS SOLD PURSUANT TO THIS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF A SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PURCHASER (AS DEFINED BELOW) AND MIDCAP FINANCIAL TRUST.

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (together with all Exhibits and Schedules hereto, as each may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, this Agreement), dated as of April 1, 2025, is made by and between (i) Akoya Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and (ii) Quanterix Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Purchaser). The Company and Purchaser are referred to herein individually as a Party, and, collectively as the Parties. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are defined in Article I hereof.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company, Purchaser and Merger Sub, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 9, 2025 (as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the Merger Agreement);

WHEREAS, to facilitate the repayment of indebtedness under the Company Existing Loan Documents and, once such indebtedness is repaid, to provide the Company with sufficient working capital to enable the Company to fulfill obligations incident to its business pending the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, at any Closing the Company intends to issue and sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, a convertible promissory note in exchange for the Purchase Price (as defined below); and

WHEREAS, the Board has unanimously determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are advisable, fair and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, agreements, representations, warranties and covenants contained herein, the Company (on behalf of itself and each of its direct and indirect Subsidiaries) and Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1

Section 1.1Definitions. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, whenever used in this Agreement (including any Exhibits and Schedules hereto), the following terms shall have the respective meanings specified therefor below:

Action means any claim, demand, notice, action, suit, arbitration, proceeding, audit or investigation commences, brought, conducted, or heard by or before, or otherwise involving any Governmental Body.

Affiliate of any particular Person means any other Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such particular Person. For the purposes of this definition, controlling, controlled and control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management and policies of a Person whether through the ownership of voting securities, Contract or otherwise.

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Anti-Corruption Laws means the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.S. Travel Act, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions and all other applicable Laws relating to anti-corruption or anti-bribery.

Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks are closed in New York, New York or San Diego, California.

Capital Stock means (a) any shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation; (b) any ownership interests in a Person other than a corporation, including membership interests, partnership interests, joint venture interests and beneficial interests; and (c) any warrants, options, convertible or exchangeable securities, subscriptions, rights (including any preemptive or similar rights), calls or other rights to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing.

Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2a).

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2a).

CMS means the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of the Company, and any Capital Stock into which such Common Stock shall have been converted, exchanged or reclassified following the date hereof.

Company has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

2

Company Equity Plans means the Companys 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and the Companys 2021 Equity Incentive Plan.

Company Existing Loan Documents means that certain Credit and Security Agreement (Term Loan), dated October 27, 2020, as amended to the date hereof, by and among the Company and any additional borrowers party thereto as borrowers, MidCap Financial Trust individually as a lender and as agent, and the financial institutions or other entities from time to time parties thereto (the Company Existing Credit Agreement), as lenders, and all other loan documents related thereto (including the Financing Documents, as defined in the Company Existing Credit Agreement) and entered into with respect thereto, in each case, as amended from time to time.

Company In-License has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(a)(vii).

Company Option means each option to acquire shares of Common Stock granted under a Company Equity Plan or pursuant to a stand-alone stock option agreement.

Company Plan means each Plan that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries maintains, sponsors, contributes to, or is obligated to contribute to for the benefit of any current or former employee, officer, independent contractor or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or with respect to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has or may have any Liability, but excluding any plan, policy, program, arrangement or agreement in jurisdictions other than the U.S. solely to the extent the benefits provided thereunder are required to be, or are provided by statute or a Governmental Body.

Company Real Property means all real property used, occupied or leased or subleased by the Company or its Subsidiaries.

Company Real Property Lease means each lease, sublease or other use or occupancy agreement for the Company Real Property.

Company Registered Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21a).

Company RSU means each restricted stock unit granted under a Company Equity Plan.

Company SEC Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8a).

Companys Knowledge, Knowledge of the Company or Knowledge means the actual knowledge of Brian McKelligon, Johnny Ek, Jennifer Kamocsay and Peter Miller (solely with respect to the representations set forth in Section 3.20 of this Agreement).

Contract means any written, oral or other agreement, contract, subcontract, lease, binding understanding, obligation, promise, instrument, indenture, mortgage, note, option, warranty, purchase order, license, sublicense, commitment or undertaking of any nature, which, in each case, is legally binding upon a party or any of its Affiliates or another Person, as applicable.

Control means, with respect to any Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether 

3

through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or agency or otherwise. Controlled has a correlative meaning.

Convertible Note has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1a).

DGCL means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

Definitive Documents means this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, any Convertible Note, and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into and delivered by the Parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

Draw Period means the period beginning on May 15, 2025 and ending on the earlier of (a) the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and, (b) July 9, 2025 if the Merger Agreement shall have been lawfully terminated pursuant to its terms on or prior to such date; provided, however, that if the event set forth in clause (a) occurs on or prior to May 15, 2025, there shall be no Draw Period under this Agreement and the Convertible Notes; provided, further, that if the Termination Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) shall have been extended under Section 8.01(d)(ii) of the Merger Agreement, then the reference to July 9, 2025 in clause (b) shall be replaced with January 9, 2026.

End Date means the earlier of (i) the date of the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (ii) the date that the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms, or (iii) such date as the Company and Purchaser may mutually agree upon in writing.

Environmental Laws means all applicable federal, state, provincial, municipal, local and foreign Laws, statutes, regulations, ordinances and bylaws that have the force or effect of law, and all judicial and administrative Orders and determinations that are binding upon the Company or Parent, as applicable, and all policies, practices and guidelines of a Governmental Body that have, or are determined to have, the force of law, concerning pollution or protection of the environment or human health and safety, including all those relating to the generation, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, distribution, labeling, discharge, release, threatened release, control, or cleanup of any Hazardous Substances, as such of the foregoing are promulgated and in effect on or prior to any Closing Date.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 or any successor federal statute thereto and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is, or has been, under common control or treated as a single employer, with the Company or Purchaser, as applicable, under Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

FDA means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.

4

FDA Fraud Policy means the Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities Final Policy set forth in 56 Fed. Reg. 46,191 (September 10, 1991) and any amendments thereto.

GAAP means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, as in effect on the date of the Agreement, applied in a manger consistent with the Companys or Purchasers past practice, as applicable.

Governmental Body means any federal, state, provincial, local, municipal, foreign or other government or quasi-governmental authority or any department, minister or ministry, agency, commission, commissioner, board, subdivision, bureau, agency, instrumentality, court, arbitrator or other tribunal of any of the foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, a Governmental Body shall not include public universities, public research institutions and public hospitals.

Hazardous Substance means petroleum, per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances, or any hazardous substance as defined in the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, or any waste, material or substance that is regulated, defined, designated or otherwise determined to be dangerous, hazardous, radioactive, explosive, toxic or a pollutant or contaminant under or pursuant to any Environmental Law.

Healthcare Laws means, to the extent applicable to the conduct of Parents business or the Companys business, as applicable, the following: (i) the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (CLIA), the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), the coverage and reimbursement provisions of Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act) and Medicaid (Title XIX of the Social Security Act) and other government healthcare programs, including the Veterans Health Administration and the U.S. Department of Defense healthcare and contracting programs, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)), the Civil Monetary Penalties Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a), the civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.), the administrative False Claims Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(a)), the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d et seq.), including the criminal provisions thereunder, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. 17921 et seq.) and the exclusion laws (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7), the Sunshine/Open Payments Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7h), and any other U.S. federal or state Law that regulates the design, development, testing, studying, manufacturing, processing, transporting, storing, importing or exporting, licensing, labeling or packaging, advertising, distributing, selling or marketing of the Products or Services, or that is related to remuneration (including ownership) to or by physicians or other healthcare providers (including kickbacks) or the disclosure or reporting of the same, recordkeeping, the hiring of employees or acquisition of services or supplies from those who have been excluded from government healthcare programs, quality, safety, privacy, security, licensure, accreditation or any other aspect of providing healthcare products or services; (ii) all equivalent or similar Laws in any jurisdiction applicable to either Party or its Products or Services; and (iii) all regulations and guidance documents promulgated pursuant to such Laws.

Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) the principal, accreted value, accrued and unpaid interest, fees and prepayment premiums or penalties, unpaid fees or expenses and other monetary obligations in respect of (i) indebtedness of such Person for 

5

borrowed money and (ii) indebtedness evidenced by notes, debentures, bonds, or other similar instruments for the payment of which such Person is liable; (b) all obligations of such Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property (other than trade payables or accruals incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice); (c) all obligations of such Person for the reimbursement of any obligor on any letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar credit transaction; (d) all obligations of such Person under capital leases; (e) all obligations of the type referred to in clauses (a) through (d) of any Persons for the payment of which such Person is responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, as obligor, guarantor, surety or otherwise, including guarantees of such obligations (but solely to the extent of such responsibility or liability); and (f) all obligations of the type referred to in clauses (a) though (e) of other Persons secured by (or for which the holder of such obligations has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on any property or asset of such Person (whether or not such obligation is assumed by such Person); provided, however, that if such Person has not assumed any such obligations referred to in this clause (f), then the amount of Indebtedness of such Person for purposes of this clause (f) shall be equal to the lesser of the amount of the obligations of the holder of such obligations and the fair market value of the assets of such Person which secure such obligations.

Initial Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2a).

Intellectual Property means all intellectual property, proprietary and industrial rights arising in any jurisdiction throughout the world including those arising from or in respect of the following: (i) all patents and applications therefor, including continuations, divisionals, continuations-in-part, or reissues of patent applications and patents issuing thereon and all design patents, utility models and similar rights; (ii) all trademarks, service marks, trade names, internet domain names, identifiers service names, brand names and trade dress rights (in each case, whether registered or unregistered), and all applications, registrations and renewals thereof and goodwill associated therewith; (iii) copyrights and registrations and applications therefor, works of authorship and mask work rights; (iv) software, computer programs and applications (in each case, whether in source code, object code, or any other form), algorithms, and documentation with respect thereto (collectively Software); (v) data, databases, trade secrets and know-how; and (vi) any other similar rights in any jurisdiction.

Law means any foreign or U.S. federal, state or local law (including common law), treaty, statute, code, Order, ordinance, Permit, rule, regulation, guidance document or other requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Body, including any Environmental Law.

Liability means, with respect to any Person, any liability or obligation of that Person of any kind, character or description, whether known or unknown, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, asserted or unasserted, disputed or undisputed, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, joint or several, due or to become due, vested or unvested, executory, determined, determinable or otherwise, and whether or not the same is required to be accrued on the financial statements of that Person in accordance with GAAP.

Lien means any lien, mortgage, security interest, pledge, encumbrance, deed of trust, claim, lease, charge, option, preemptive right, right of first refusal, subscription right, easement, 

6

servitude, proxy, voting trust or agreement, transfer restriction under any shareholder or similar agreement, encumbrance or restriction.

Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to any Party, any change, effect, event, circumstance, occurrence, state of facts or development (each, an Effect) that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate with all other Effects, (1) a material adverse effect on the assets, business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (2) to the ability of the Company to consummate timely the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than any Effect arising out of or resulting from (a) general business or economic conditions affecting the industry in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries operates, to the extent such Effect does not disproportionately affect the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relative to other participants in the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate; (b) any national or international political conditions, including the engagement by the U.S. in hostilities or the escalation thereof, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the occurrence or the escalation of any military or terrorist attack upon the U.S. (including by virtue of any internet or cyber attack or hacking), or any of its territories, possessions, or diplomatic or consular offices or upon any military installation, equipment or personnel of the U.S., or any similar event or geopolitical conflict involving any other country, and military and/or governmental responses thereto, including economic sanctions, reverse sanctions, boycotts, reverse boycotts or commercial, currency and banking restrictions, in each case, to the extent such Effect does not disproportionately affect the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relative to other participants in the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate; (c) any earthquake, hurricane, tsunami, tornado, flood, mudslide, wild fire or other natural disaster, changes in or effects in weather, meteorological conditions or climate, explosion, fire, act of God or other force majeure event, to the extent such Effect does not disproportionately affect the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relative to other participants in the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate; (d) any epidemic, disease outbreak or pandemic, public health emergency or widespread occurrence of infectious disease, to the extent such Effect does not disproportionately affect the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relative to other participants in the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate; and (e) financial, banking, or securities market conditions (including any disruption thereof and any decline in the price of any market index), to the extent such Effect does not disproportionately affect the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relative to other participants in the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate.

Material Contract means any Contract that would be required to be filed by the Company as a material contract pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. 

Merger Agreement is defined in the Recitals.

Merger Sub means Wellfleet Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser.

Nasdaq means The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

Nasdaq 19.99% Cap has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.

Nasdaq Global Market means the Nasdaq Global Market tier maintained by Nasdaq.

7

Non-U.S. Plan means each Plan that is subject to the Laws of a jurisdiction other than the U.S. (whether or not U.S. Law also applies).

Order means any order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree.

Organizational Documents means the certificate of incorporation, articles of incorporation, articles of association, bylaws or other charter or organizational documents of a company or other entity.

Party or Parties has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Person means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an unlimited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, any other entity, or any Governmental Body.

Personal Data means any information in a Partys or its Subsidiaries possession that alone or in combination with other information allows the identification of an individual or that constitutes personal data, personal information, consumer health data or similar term as defined by applicable Law.

Plan means an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA and any other compensation or benefit plan, policy, program, arrangement or agreement in any jurisdiction, whether written or unwritten, funded or unfunded, subject to ERISA or not and covering one or more natural Persons, including any stock purchase, stock option, restricted stock, other equity-based, phantom equity, severance, separation, retention, employment, individual consulting, change in control, bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, pension, supplemental retirement, employee loan, health, dental, vision, workers compensation, disability, life insurance, death benefit, welfare, vacation, paid time off, leave of absence, employee assistance, legal services, tuition assistance or fringe benefit plan, policy, program, arrangement or agreement.

PEO Staff means any natural Person whose labor or services are provided to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by a professional employer organization or employee leasing business.

Permit means any approval, clearance, authorization, certificate, consent, license, Order or permits or other similar authorization of any Governmental Body or under any Law.

Permitted Liens means (a) statutory Liens for current Taxes or other governmental charges not yet due and payable or the amount or validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves are established in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, in accordance with GAAP; (b) mechanics, carriers, workers, repairers, contractors, subcontractors, suppliers and similar statutory Liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in respect of the construction, maintenance, repair or operation of assets for amounts which are not delinquent and which are not, individually or in the aggregate, significant to the Companys business; (c) zoning, entitlement, building and other land use regulations imposed by governmental agencies having jurisdiction over the leased Company Real Property, which are not violated by the current use and operation of the leased Company Real Property; (d) covenants, conditions, restrictions, easements 

8

and other similar matters of record affecting title to the leased Company Real Property, which are not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money and do not materially impair the occupancy, marketability or use of such leased real property for the purposes for which it is currently used or proposed to be used in connection with the Companys business; (e) Liens arising under workers compensation, unemployment insurance and social security; and (f) purchase money Liens and Liens securing rental payments under liabilities are required to be classified and accounted for under GAAP as capital leases.

Product means any product that the Company or its Subsidiaries has formulated, manufactured, processed, produced, packaged, transported, labeled, stored, distributed, marketed or sold, or is formulating, manufacturing, processing, producing, packaging, transporting, labeling, storing, distributing, marketing or selling and including any products currently under research use only, preclinical or clinical development by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Purchase Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1a).

Registration Rights Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.6.

Representatives means, with respect to any Person, such Persons directors, officers, members, partners, managers, employees, agents, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, advisors and other representatives.

Required Minimum means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Note.

Sanctioned Person means any Person (a) designated on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons, Foreign Sanctions Evaders, or any equivalent list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, U.S. Department of State, European Union, any European Union member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, and any other relevant sanctions authority; (b) located, organized, or resident in a country or territory subject to comprehensive sanctions under applicable Trade Control Laws (including, as of the date of this Agreement, the Crimea, Donetsk, and Luhansk regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria, and Venezuela); or (c) 50% or more owned or controlled by, or acting for benefit or on behalf of, a Person or Persons described in (a) or (b).

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities means any Convertible Note that delivered to Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, as well as the shares of Common Stock that will be issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Note.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

Services means any service that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, offers including designing and developing spatial biomarker assays, panels, and other custom assays; procuring, 

9

preparing, staining, and reviewing tissues; acquiring images using the applicable Products; and performing analytical validation, human specimen testing, tissue analysis, and spatial phenotyping.

Software has the meaning set forth in the definition of the term Intellectual Property.

Stockholder Approval has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.

Subsequent Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2a).

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, unlimited liability company or other business entity of which (a) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares of capital stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; or (b) if a partnership, association, limited liability company, or other business entity, a majority of the partnership or other similar ownership interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, a Person or Persons shall be deemed to have a majority ownership interest in a partnership, association, limited liability company or other business entity if such Person or Persons are allocated a majority of partnership, association, limited liability company or other business entity gains or losses or otherwise control the managing director, managing member, general partner or other managing Person of such partnership, association, limited liability company or other business entity.

Tax or Taxes means (a) any and all federal, state, local, or non-U.S. income, gross receipts, license, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental, customs duties, capital stock, franchise, profits, withholding, social security (or similar, including FICA), unemployment, disability, real property, escheat, unclaimed property, personal property, sales, use, transfer, registration, base erosion anti-abuse minimum, diverted profits, value-added, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated, or other tax of any kind or any charge of any kind in the nature of (or similar to) taxes whatsoever, including any interest, penalty, or addition thereto, in each case, whether disputed or not; and (b) any penalty, fine or similar charge for any failure to file a Tax Return in a correct, complete or timely manner.

Tax Returns means any return, report, election, claim for refund or information return (including any schedules thereto) filed or required to be filed with any Governmental Body in connection with the determination, assessment or collection of any Tax or the administration of any Laws relating to any Tax, including all amendments thereto.

Trade Control Laws means any applicable trade, economic sanctions and export controls Laws.

WARN has the meaning set forth in Section 3.19(b).

Section 1.2Construction. In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

10

(a)all references in this Agreement to Exhibits, Articles, Sections, subsections and other subdivisions refer to the corresponding Exhibits, Articles, Sections, subsections and other subdivisions of or to this Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise;

(b)titles appearing at the beginning of any Articles, Sections, subsections or other subdivisions of this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute any part of this Agreement, and will be disregarded in construing the language hereof;

(c)all references in this Agreement to days refer to calendar days unless otherwise specified;

(d)all Exhibits hereto to this Agreement are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full herein;

(e)the words this Agreement, herein, hereby, hereunder and hereof, and words of similar import, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular subdivision unless expressly so limited;

(f)the words this Article, this Section and this subsection, and words of similar import, refer only to the Article, Section or subsection hereof in which such words occur. The words either, or, neither, nor and any are not exclusive;

(g)the word including (in its various forms) means including without limitation;

(h)the word extent in the phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase shall not mean simply if;

(i)all references to $ and dollars shall be deemed to refer to U.S. currency unless otherwise specifically provided;

(j)pronouns in masculine, feminine or neuter genders shall be construed to state and include any other gender, and words, terms and titles (including terms defined herein) in the singular form shall be construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires; and

(k)the parties hereto agree that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

ARTICLE II 

PURCHASE AND SALE

Section 2.1The Purchase and Sale.

(a)On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, at each Closing, Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase (or cause certain of its Subsidiaries to purchase), and the 

11

Company shall sell to Purchaser (or such Subsidiaries), one or more convertible promissory notes in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A having an aggregate principal amount of up to $30,000,000 (Convertible Note) in exchange for an aggregate purchase price of up to $30,000,000 (the Purchase Price), payable in one or more tranches. 

(b)The Parties agree that any Convertible Note to be purchased by Purchaser hereunder shall be issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

(c)Each issuance and sale of Convertible Notes shall be made at a Closing, pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, upon the Companys irrevocable notice to the Purchaser. The Company may only deliver such a notice during the Draw Period. Each such notice must be received by the Purchaser not later than three Business Days prior to the requested date of the Closing and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed at the applicable Closing, which amount shall be no less than $5,000,000 and (ii) the requested date of the Closing, which shall be a Business Day.

Section 2.2Closing.

(a)The initial closing of the purchase of Convertible Notes shall occur on any Business Day (i) after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in 6.1 and Section 6.2 (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the applicable Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of those conditions), and (ii) on or prior to the date of the first Subsequent Closing (as defined below) (the Initial Closing). One or more additional closings of the purchase of Convertible Notes shall occur on any Business Day (i) following the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement and after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in 6.1 and Section 6.2 (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the applicable Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of those conditions), and (ii) on or after the date of the Initial Closing (a Subsequent Closing and, together with the Initial Closing, the Closings or each individually, a Closing).

(b)No Closing shall occur before or after the Draw Period. The aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes issued at the Closings shall not exceed $30,000,000.

(c)Any Closing shall take place remotely via the electronic exchange of documents and signatures, or at such other time and place as the Parties may agree in writing. The date on which the Closing actually occurs shall be referred to herein as the Closing Date.

(d)At or prior to the Closing, the Company shall:

(i)deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser:

(A)a certificate of good standing of the Company as of a date no earlier than two Business Days prior to the Closing Date;

(B)at the time of the Initial Closing, the certificate contemplated by Section 6.1g);

12

(C)a duly executed Convertible Note registered in the name of Purchaser, free and clear of all Liens;

(D)at the time of the Initial Closing, an opinion from the Companys outside legal counsel, dated as of the Closing Date, in a customary form reasonably acceptable to Purchaser;

(E)at the time of the Initial Closing, (I) the consent of MidCap Financial Trust for the issuance of Convertible Notes, pursuant to the terms of the Company Existing Loan Documents and (II) an executed subordination agreement by and among MidCap Financial Trust, the Purchaser and the Company (the Subordination Agreement);

(F)at the time of the Initial Closing, copies of the resolutions or written consents duly adopted by the Board and certified by the Companys secretary authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; and

(G)at the time of the Initial Closing, counterparts to the Registration Rights Agreement and the Subordination Agreement.

(ii)deliver or cause to be delivered any other customary documents or certificates reasonably requested by Purchaser which are reasonably necessary to give effect to the Closing.

(e)At or prior to the Closing, Purchaser shall:

(i)pay or cause to be paid the Company the applicable portion of the Purchase Price for such Closing by wire transfer of immediately available funds; and

(ii)at the time of the Initial Closing, deliver or cause to be delivered counterparts to the Registration Rights Agreement and the Subordination Agreement.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents furnished or filed after December 31, 2023 and at least one Business Day prior to the date of this Agreement (excluding any disclosures in any risk factors section or otherwise relating to forward-looking statements to the extent that they are cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature), the Company hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser as of the date hereof and as of each Closing as follows:

Section 3.1 Organization and Corporate Power.

13

(a)The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware, with full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder. Each of the Subsidiaries of the Company is a corporation or other entity duly organized and validly existing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.

(b)Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has all Permits necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to hold such Permits would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified or authorized to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction (to the extent such concept exists in such jurisdiction) in which its ownership of property or the conduct of its business as now conducted requires it to qualify, except where the failure to be so qualified, authorized or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. True and complete copies of the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company and the Organizational Documents of each of its Subsidiaries, as in effect as of the date of this Agreement, have been heretofore made available to Purchaser.

Section 3.2 Authorization; Valid and Binding Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of the Definitive Documents by the Company and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite action on the part of the Company, and no other corporate approvals on the Companys part are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery or performance of the Definitive Documents. Assuming that the Definitive Documents are valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, the Definitive Documents constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization or moratorium Laws, other similar Laws affecting creditors rights or general principles of equity affecting the availability of specific performance and other equitable remedies (collectively, the Enforceability Exceptions).

Section 3.3 Issuance of Securities. The issuance of the Securities is duly authorized, and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of the Definitive Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable (to the extent such concepts are applicable) and free and clear of all Liens. At each Closing any Convertible Note issued by the Company will be in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. The issuances of the Securities in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Definitive Documents are in compliance, in all respects, with all applicable Laws, and the Securities are not subject to, and will not be issued in violation of, any purchase options, call options, rights of first refusal, preemptive rights, subscription rights or any similar rights under applicable Law, the Companys Organizational Documents or any Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in Article IV, the offer and issuance by the Company of the Securities is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. As of each Closing the Company will have reserved from its duly authorized Capital Stock the Required Minimum.

14

Section 3.4 No Conflicts. Except with respect to clauses (b) and (c) for any conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the execution, delivery and performance of the Definitive Documents by the Company and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby do not (a) conflict with or violate the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries Organizational Documents, (b) assuming all consents, approvals, authorizations and other actions described in Section 3.5 have been obtained and all filings and obligations described in Section 3.5 have been made, conflict with or violate any Law or Order to which the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their properties or assets is subject, or (c) conflict with or result in any breach of, constitute (with or without notice of or lapse of time of both) a default under, result in a violation of, give rise to a right of termination, modification, cancellation or acceleration under, give rise to any penalties, repayment obligations, special assessments or additional payments under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or require any authorization, consent, waiver, approval, filing, exemption or other action by or notice to any court, other Governmental Body or other third party, under the provisions of any Material Contract.

Section 3.5 Consents. Except as may be required by (a) the Exchange Act, (b) the Securities Act, (c) U.S. state securities Laws, (d) Nasdaq, and (e) the DGCL, in each case, which requirements have or will be satisfied in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, (i) none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is required to submit any notice, report or other filing with any Governmental Body in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by it of the Definitive Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) no consent, approval or authorization of any Governmental Body or any other party or Person is required to be obtained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with its execution, delivery and performance of the Definitive Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, except for those notices, reports, filings, consents, approvals or authorizations the failure of which to make or obtain would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.6 No General Solicitation; Agents Fees. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, Affiliates, Representatives or any other Person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities. No placement agents fees, financial advisory fees, or brokers commissions or fees or any similar fees are or will be owed or payable to any Person in connection with transactions contemplated by the Definitive Documents. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged any placement agent or other agent in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities. The Company further acknowledges that Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Definitive Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and that the Companys decision to enter into the Definitive Documents to which it is a party has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its Representatives.

Section 3.7 Application of Takeover Protections; Rights Agreement. Prior to the Initial Closing the Company and the Board will have taken all necessary actions, if any, in order to comply with or obtain waivers in connection with any control share acquisition, interested stockholder, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement), stockholder rights plan or other similar anti-takeover provision under any its Organizational Documents or the 

15

Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or otherwise which is or could become applicable to Purchaser as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Definitive Documents, including the Companys issuance of the Securities and ownership by Purchaser of the Securities. The Company and the Board have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any stockholder rights plan or similar arrangement relating to accumulations of beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock or a change in control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section 3.8 SEC Reports; Disclosure Controls and Procedures.

(a)The Company has filed or furnished all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents (including exhibits and other information incorporated by reference therein) with the SEC required to be filed or furnished by the Company since June 30, 2022 (if amended, supplemented or superseded by a filing at least one Business Day prior to the date of this Agreement, then such filing as so amended, supplemented or superseded, the Company SEC Documents). As of their respective filing dates (or, if amended, supplemented or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such amendment, supplement or superseding filing), (i) each of the Company SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (as the case may be) and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, each as in effect on the date so filed or furnished, and (ii) none of the Company SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments received from the SEC with respect to any of the Company SEC Documents, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company SEC Documents is the subject of any outstanding SEC comment or investigation. No Subsidiary of the Company is required to file reports with the SEC pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act.

(b)The consolidated financial statements (including all related notes and schedules) of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries contained in the Company SEC Documents (i) complied as to form in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC applicable thereto; (ii) were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered (except as may be indicated in the notes to such financial statements or, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial statements may not have contained notes and were subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments); and (iii) fairly presented in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof (or, if amended, supplemented or superseded by a filing at least one Business Day prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such amendment, supplement or superseding filing) and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the periods covered thereby. Since June 30, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has become a party to any joint venture, off balance sheet partnership or any similar Contract, where the result, purpose or intended effect of such Contract is to avoid disclosure of any material transaction involving, or material liabilities of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the Companys published financial statements or other Company SEC Documents.

16

(c)The Company maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) sufficient to provide reasonable assurance (i) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP, consistently applied, (ii) that transactions are executed only in accordance with the authorization of management and (iii) regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys properties or assets. Since June 30, 2022, none of the Company, the Companys independent accountants, the Board or its audit committee has received any oral or written notification of any (A) significant deficiency in the internal controls over financial reporting of the Company, (B) material weakness in the internal controls over financial reporting of the Company, or (C) fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries who have a significant role in the internal controls over financial reporting of the Company. Since June 30, 2022, any material change in internal control over financial reporting required to be disclosed in any Company SEC Document has been so disclosed.

(d)The disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) utilized by the Company are reasonably designed to ensure that all information (both financial and non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that all such information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to the management of the Company, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to enable the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Company to make the certifications required under the Exchange Act with respect to such reports.

(e)Since December 31, 2023, (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any Representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received or otherwise obtained Knowledge of any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective internal accounting controls, including any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in questionable accounting or auditing practices, and, (ii) to the Knowledge of the Company, no attorney representing the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether or not employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a material violation of securities Laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar violation, by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their officers, directors, employees or agents to any director or executive officer of the Company.

(f)The Company is in material compliance with the applicable listing and corporate governance rules and regulations of Nasdaq.

Section 3.9 Absence of Certain Developments.

17

(a)Since September 30, 2024, there has not occurred any Effect that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, since September 30, 2024, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has carried on and operated its business in all material respects in the ordinary course of business, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action that, if taken during the period from the date of this Agreement through the Closing without Parents consent, would constitute a breach of any of the covenants in Section 5.1.

Section 3.10 Conduct of Business; Regulatory Permits.

(a)Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any term of or in default under its respective Organizational Documents. Neither the Company (including its predecessors) nor any Subsidiaries thereof (i) is, or has been since June 30, 2022, in violation of any applicable Law or Order applicable thereto or (ii) has received since June 30, 2022 a notification or communication from any Governmental Body asserting that it is not or has not been in compliance with any applicable Law or Order, except which could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company is not in material violation of any of the rules, regulations or requirements of the Nasdaq Global Market, and has no Knowledge of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of trading the Common Stock by the Nasdaq Global Market. Since June 30, 2022, (i) the Common Stock has been listed or designated for quotation on the Nasdaq Global Market, (ii) trading in the Common Stock has not been suspended by the SEC or the Nasdaq Global Market and (iii) the Company has received no communication, written or oral, from the SEC or the Nasdaq Global Market regarding the suspension or delisting of the Common Stock from the Nasdaq Global Market. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries possess all licenses, certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate Governmental Body necessary to conduct their respective businesses, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such license, certificate, authorization or permit, except to the extent that the failure to possess all such licenses, certificates, authorizations and permits would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no Contract or Order binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party which, individually or together with any other Contract or Order, has had or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any acquisition of property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(b)The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its Knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration. The Company has not, since June 30, 2022, received notice from the Nasdaq Global Market to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of the Nasdaq Global Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance 

18

requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

Section 3.11 Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(a)Since June 30, 2022, none of the Company or its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any employee or agent of the Company or its Subsidiaries, nor, any distributor or other third party representative of the Company, has directly or indirectly made, offered to make, attempted to make, accepted, authorized, promised, requested, or received, any contribution, gift, bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other payment to or from any person, private or public, regardless of what form, whether in money, property, services, or anything else of value, for any improper purpose or to secure an improper advantage, in each case, in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) to the Knowledge of the Company, as of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (A) is under any internal or Governmental Body investigation for any material violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, or (B) has received since June 30, 2022, any written notice or other communication from any Governmental Body regarding a violation of, or failure to comply with, any Anti-Corruption Laws, (iii) since June 30, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has made any disclosure (voluntary or otherwise) to any Governmental Body with respect to any alleged irregularity, misstatement or omission or other potential violation or liability arising under or relating to any Anti-Corruption Laws and (iv) since June 30, 2022, the Company and its Subsidiaries have maintained an adequate system of internal controls reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and to prevent and detect violations of Anti-Corruption Laws.

(b)Except as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, none of the Company, its Subsidiaries, or their respective officers or directors (i) is a Sanctioned Person, (ii) has, since June 30, 2022, engaged in a transaction with a Sanctioned Person, (iii) has been cited or fined for failure to comply with Trade Control Laws, and no Action, or to the knowledge of the Company, investigation, complaint or enquiry, with respect to any alleged non-compliance with Trade Control Laws by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, and (iv) has made any disclosure (voluntary or otherwise) to any Governmental Body with respect to any potential violation or liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries arising under or relating to any Trade Control Laws.

Section 3.12 Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in material compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.

Section 3.13 Transactions With Affiliates. There have not been any transactions or Contracts or series of related transactions or Contracts required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act.

Section 3.14 Capitalization.

19

(a)The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.00001 par value per share. As of December 31, 2024, there were (i) 49,572,122 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, (ii) no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, (iii) no shares of Common Stock held by the Company in its treasury, (iv) outstanding Company Options to purchase an aggregate of 5,321,624 shares of Common Stock, (v) 2,412,495 shares of Common Stock subject to or otherwise deliverable in connection with outstanding Company RSUs, (vi) 3,191,674 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance in respect of future awards under the Company Equity Plans and (vii) 796,943 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Company ESPP.

(b)All of the outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and not subject to or issued in violation of preemptive or similar rights. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, Company Options and Company RSUs were issued in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws concerning the issuance of securities. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents, the Company does not have any other equity securities or securities containing any equity features authorized, issued or outstanding, and there are no agreements, options, warrants or other rights or arrangements existing or outstanding which provide for the sale or issuance of any of the foregoing by the Company. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents, there are no outstanding (i) shares of capital stock or other equity interests or voting securities of the Company, (ii) securities convertible or exchangeable, directly or indirectly, into capital stock of the Company, (iii) options, warrants, purchase rights, subscription rights, preemptive rights, conversion rights, exchange rights, calls, puts, rights of first refusal or other Contracts that require the Company to issue, sell or otherwise cause to become outstanding or to acquire, repurchase or redeem capital stock of the Company, (iv) stock appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation or similar rights with respect to the Company or (v) bonds, debentures, notes or other Indebtedness of the Company having the right to vote (or convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which Company Stockholders may vote.

(c)All of the outstanding Company Options and Company RSUs have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and were granted in accordance with the terms of all applicable Plans and applicable Laws, and do not trigger any liability for the holder thereof under Section 409A of the Code. Each Company Option has an exercise price that is no less than the fair market value of the underlying Shares on the date of grant, as determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.

(d)There are no stockholder agreements or voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which the Company is a party with respect to the voting, or restricting the transfer, of the capital stock or any other equity interest of the Company. The Company has not granted any preemptive rights, anti-dilutive rights or rights of first refusal, registration rights or similar rights with respect to its shares of capital stock that are in effect. No shares of capital stock of the Company are held by any Subsidiary of the Company. 

(e)As of the date of this Agreement, there is no stockholder rights plan, poison pill antitakeover plan or similar device in effect to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, a party to, or otherwise bound.

20

Section 3.15 Contracts and Commitments. 

(a)As of the date of this Agreement, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any material contract (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC) with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that was required to be, but has not been, filed with the SEC with the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, or any Company SEC Documents filed after the date of filing of such Form 10-K until the date of this Agreement.

(b)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, (i) the Company is not (and to the Companys Knowledge is not alleged to be) in breach of or default under any Material Contract and (ii) to the Companys Knowledge, as of the date of this Agreement, the parties other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to each of the Material Contracts is not in breach thereof or in default thereunder. Each Material Contract is legal and in full force and effect and is valid, binding and enforceable against the Company and its Subsidiaries (to the extent party thereto) and, to the Companys Knowledge, each other party thereto. As of the date of this Agreement, no party to any Material Contract has given any written notice, or to the Knowledge of the Company, any notice (whether or not written) of termination or cancellation of any Material Contract or that it intends to seek to terminate or cancel any Material Contract (whether as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise).

Section 3.16 Litigation. There are no Actions pending, nor, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened, against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective (x) properties or (y) present or former officers or directors in such individuals capacity as such, at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Body, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are not subject to or in violation of any outstanding Order of any Governmental Body in each case, that would reasonably be expected to be, individually or in the aggregate, material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

Section 3.17 Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts, in each case, as is customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. All premiums due and payable in respect of such insurance policies maintained by the Company and its Subsidiaries have been paid in full. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will be unable to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business on substantially the same terms as now in effect. Excluding insurance policies that have expired and been replaced in the ordinary course of business, no such insurance policy of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been, or has been threatened to be, cancelled by the applicable insurer since June 30, 2022, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of cancellation or non-renewal of any such insurance policy.

Section 3.18 Employment and Labor Matters.

21

(a)Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement or other agreement with a labor union, works council or other employee representative body, and there are no such agreements which pertain to employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in existence or in negotiation. No employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are represented by a labor union, works council or other employee representative body. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have experienced any strike or material grievance, claim of unfair labor practices, or other collective bargaining dispute within the past two years, and to the Companys Knowledge, no such strike or material grievance, claim of unfair labor practices, or other collective bargaining dispute is threatened. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will incur any notice, consultation or consent obligations with respect to any labor union, works council or other employee representative body in connection with the execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. There are no, and for the past two years there have been no, Actions or material disputes (A) between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any of their respective employees, independent contractors or PEO Staff or (B) by or before any Governmental Body affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries concerning employment matters. To the Companys Knowledge, (i) there are no Actions or any material disputes threatened (A) between the Company or any its Subsidiaries and any of their respective employees, independent contractors or PEO Staff or (B) by or before any Governmental Body affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries concerning employment matters, and (ii) there is no current campaign being conducted to solicit cards from or otherwise organize employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to authorize a labor union, works council or other employee representative body to request that the National Labor Relations Board (or any other Governmental Body) certify or otherwise recognize such a body with respect to employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have been subject to an application by a labor union, works council or other employee representative body to be declared a common or related employer under labor relations legislation. 

(b)The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all Laws relating to the employment of labor, including all such Laws relating to wages, hours, human rights, discrimination, pay equity, employment equity, workers compensation, safety and health, worker classification (including employee-independent contractor classification and the proper classification of employees as exempt employees and non-exempt employees), the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN) and any similar foreign, state, provincial or local mass layoff or plant closing Law. There has been no mass layoff or plant closing (as defined by WARN or any similar foreign, state, provincial or local Laws) with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries within the two years prior to date hereof. As of the date of this Agreement, to the Companys Knowledge, no current executive, key employee or group of employees has given notice of termination of employment or otherwise disclosed plans to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries within the next 12 months. To the Companys Knowledge, no employee, independent contractor or PEO Staff of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or is otherwise bound by, any agreement, including any confidentiality or non-competition agreement, that in any material way prohibits, adversely affects or restricts the performance of such Persons duties as presently conducted.

(c)To the Companys Knowledge, in the last three years prior to the date of this Agreement, no allegations of sexual harassment or sexual misconduct have been made to the 

22

Company or any of its Subsidiaries against any director, officer, employee, independent contractor or PEO Staff of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. In the last three years prior to the date of this Agreement, neither the Company or any Subsidiary has entered into any settlement agreements related to allegations of sexual harassment or misconduct by a director, officer, employee, independent contractor or PEO Staff of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section 3.19 Title.

(a)The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and valid title to, or hold pursuant to valid and enforceable leases or other comparable Contract rights, all of the personal property and other tangible assets necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as currently conducted, in each case, free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens), except where the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys Knowledge, all such items of tangible personal property are in operating condition and repair (ordinary wear and tear excepted) and have been maintained in accordance with normal industry practices.

(b)The Company and its Subsidiaries do not own, nor has either ever owned, any real property or interest in real property or any agreement or option or right of first refusal or first offer to acquire real property. The Company Real Property leases are in full force and effect and the Company holds a valid and existing leasehold interest in the Company Real Property under each such applicable lease. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any other party to the applicable Company Real Property leases is in default in any material respect under, or has given any written notice of termination or cancellation, any of such leases. No event has occurred which, if not remedied, would result in a default by the Company in any material respect under the Company Real Property leases, and, to the Companys Knowledge, no event has occurred which, if not remedied, would result in a default by any party other than the Company in any material respect under the Company Real Property leases, and there are no outstanding claims of breach or indemnification or notice of material default or termination of any Company Real Property lease. 

Section 3.20 Intellectual Property Rights.

(a)All issued and granted patents, domain names, registered trademarks and service marks, registered copyrights and applications for any of the foregoing (Company Registered Intellectual Property), that are currently owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under an Company In-License is valid, enforceable, subsisting and in full force and effect, and all other Company Registered Intellectual Property is valid and subsisting. One or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries owns and possesses all right, title and interest in and to each item of the Intellectual Property owned by or purported to be owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. The Intellectual Property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries, together with any Intellectual Property licensed to the Company or its Subsidiaries under the Company In-Licenses (and any licenses for commercially available Software) constitutes all Intellectual Property used in and material to or otherwise necessary for the Companys or its Subsidiaries manufacture or sale of its Products or Services or operation of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries as currently conducted. To the Knowledge of the Company, no Person is currently infringing, misappropriating, 

23

diluting or otherwise violating, or has previously within the past four years infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated, any material Intellectual Property owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No Person has provided written notice of an Action or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened an Action, challenging the ownership, validity, enforceability or scope of any Company Registered Intellectual Property, and no item of Company Registered Intellectual Property is the subject of any outstanding Order, or ruling enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by a Governmental Body or arbitrator of which the Company has received written notice.

(b)To the Companys Knowledge, the Company and its Subsidiaries, their Products and the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, do not infringe, misappropriate, dilute or otherwise violate any Intellectual Property owned by another Person and have not infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property owned by another Person within the past six years. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not, within the past six years, received any charge, complaint, claim, demand, notice or other communication alleging any infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation (including any claim that the Company or a Subsidiary must license or refrain from using any Intellectual Property of another Person in order to avoid infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation) of the Intellectual Property of another Person, and there is no pending (or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened) Action alleging any such infringement, misappropriation, dilution or violation.

(c)The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable efforts to protect and preserve their rights in all Intellectual Property owned by or licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including to maintain the confidentiality and value of all trade secrets and other material confidential information of the Company. All current and former employees, contractors and consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are subject to binding and enforceable obligations of confidentiality to the Company or its Subsidiaries, and all such Persons who have created any Intellectual Property for the Company of a Subsidiary in connection with their engagement by the Company or a Subsidiary that is material to (and, to the Knowledge of the Company, any Intellectual Property that is otherwise used in) the conduct of the business of the Company or a Subsidiary as currently conducted have either (i) assigned to one or more of the Company or its Subsidiaries all of their rights, title and interests therein, to the full extent permitted by Law and to the extent such rights would not automatically vest with the Company or one of its Subsidiaries by operation of Law or (ii) with respect to consultants and contractors, (A) as it relates to Intellectual Property other than Software, granted the Company or its Subsidiaries sufficient rights in such Intellectual Property to conduct the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, or (B) as it relates to Software, assigned to one or more of the Company of its Subsidiaries all of their rights, title and interests therein. 

Section 3.21 Environmental Laws. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:

(a)each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is and has been in compliance with all Environmental Laws;

24

(b)each of the Company and its Subsidiaries holds, and is and has been in compliance with, all Permits required under Environmental Laws to operate its business at the Company Real Property as presently conducted;

(c)none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice from any Governmental Body or third party regarding any actual or alleged violation of Environmental Laws or any Liabilities or potential Liabilities for investigation costs, cleanup costs, response costs, corrective action costs, personal injury, property damage, natural resources damages or attorney fees under Environmental Laws;

(d)no Hazardous Substance has ever been released, generated, treated, contained, handled, used, manufactured, processed, buried, disposed of, deposited, stored, or otherwise managed by the Company or on, under or about any of the real property occupied or used by the Company and the Company has not disposed of or released or allowed or permitted the release of any Hazardous Substance at any real property, including the Company Real Property, so as to give rise to Liability for investigation costs, cleanup costs, response costs, corrective action costs, personal injury, property damage, natural resources damages or attorney fees under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or any other Environmental Laws; 

(e)to the Companys Knowledge, there are no and have never been any Hazardous Substances present on, at, in or under any real property currently or formerly owned, leased or used by the Company for which the Company has, or may have, Liability; and 

(f)the Company has not assumed by Contract, or by operation of law, any Liability of any other Person under any Environmental Law.

Section 3.22 Tax Status.

(a)(i) The Company and its Subsidiaries have timely filed (taking into account any applicable extensions) all income and other material Tax Returns required to be filed by them, (ii) such Tax Returns are complete and correct in all material respects, (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have timely paid all Taxes as due and payable (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) and, (iv) as of December 31, 2023, any Liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for accrued Taxes not yet due and payable, or which are being contested in good faith through appropriate proceedings, has been provided for in the financial statements of the Company in accordance with applicable accounting practices and procedures. Since December 31, 2023, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any Liability for Taxes outside the ordinary course of business.

(b)No claim has been made in writing by any Governmental Body in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries do not file Tax Returns that such Person is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. There are no material Liens for Taxes (other than Taxes not yet due and payable) upon any of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries have withheld and paid all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder or other third party. Neither the Company nor any of its 

25

Subsidiaries has been a party to any reportable transaction as defined in Section 6707A(c)(1) of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b).

(c)No material non-U.S., federal, state or local Tax audits or administrative or judicial Tax proceedings are pending or being conducted with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(d)(A) There is no outstanding request for any extension of time for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to pay any material Tax or file any material Tax Return, other than any such request made in the ordinary course of business that is granted automatically, and (B) there has been no waiver or extension of any applicable statute of limitations for the assessment or collection of any material Tax of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is currently in force.

(e)The Company and its Subsidiaries are not and have never been resident for Tax purposes in any jurisdiction other than the country of its respective formation, and do not have, and have never had any permanent establishment or other taxable presence in any jurisdiction other than the country of its respective formation.

(f)Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any Tax allocation, sharing or similar agreement (other than any commercial agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business that does not relate primarily to Taxes). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has been a member of an affiliated group filing a combined, consolidated or unitary Tax Return (other than a group the common parent of which was the Company) or (ii) has Liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than the Company or its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law), as a transferee or successor, or by Contract (other than any commercial agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business that do not relate primarily to Taxes).

(g)Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a distributing corporation or a controlled corporation within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law).

(h)Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required to include any material item of income in, or exclude any material item of deduction or loss from, taxable income, or make any adjustment under Section 481(a) of the Code, for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the date hereof as a result of any (i) change in or improper use of any method of accounting for any taxable period ending on or prior to the date hereof; (ii) closing agreement as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local or other Law) executed prior to the date hereof; (iii) installment sale or open transaction disposition made on or prior to the date hereof; or (iv) prepaid amount received or deferred revenue accrued outside the ordinary course of business on or prior to the date hereof. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has made an election under Section 965(h) of the Code.

(i)Neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) is, or has ever been, a party to any joint venture, partnership or other arrangement that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. income Tax purposes; or (ii) owns or has ever owned any stock or 

26

other interest in a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code or any passive foreign investment company within the meaning of Section 1297(a) of the Code.

Section 3.23 Data Privacy. 

(a)The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) maintain commercially reasonable policies and procedures regarding security, privacy, and the use of Personal Data and that are designed to protect Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, (ii) maintain commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures given the industry in which the Company operates to protect Personal Data and systems against loss, damage, unauthorized access, use, modification, or other misuse, (iii) contractually obligate third-party service providers to contractual terms relating to such providers compliance with applicable Law, and (iv) except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, since June 30, 2022, have been in compliance with all of the Companys and its Subsidiaries published and written policies, as applicable, governing security, privacy, and the use of Personal Data, contractual restrictions and applicable Laws governing data privacy and data security. 

(b)The Company and its Subsidiaries systems, including information technology assets, computer systems, equipment, hardware, servers, software, networks, telecommunications systems and related infrastructure, used or held for use by the Company. are adequate for, and operate and perform as required in connection with, the operation of the Company or its Subsidiaries as currently conducted. To the Companys knowledge, none of the systems contains any material virus, time bombs, back doors, trap doors, Trojan horse, spyware, keylogger software, worm or other software routines, faults, malicious code, damaging devices, or hardware components designed to permit misuse of the systems or any data thereon. 

(c)To the Companys knowledge, since June 30, 2022, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has experienced any confirmed unauthorized access, acquisition, interruption, alteration, modification, loss, theft, corruption, destruction, compromise or other unauthorized processing of any Personal Data, except as would not be material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(d)To the Companys knowledge, since June 30, 2022, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been under investigation by any state, federal, or foreign jurisdiction regarding its protection, storage, use, disclosure, and transfer of Personal Data.

(e)To the Companys knowledge, since June 30, 2022, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any material written claim, complaint, inquiry or notice from any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory authority or entity, or any data subject, related to the Companys or its Subsidiaries collection, processing, use, storage, security, or disclosure of Personal Data, alleging that any of these activities are in violation of any applicable Laws governing data privacy and data security.

27

Section 3.24 Investment Company Status. The Company is not, and upon consummation of the sale of the Securities will not be, an investment company, an affiliate of an investment company, a company controlled by an investment company or an affiliated person of, or promoter or principal underwriter for, an investment company as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

Section 3.25 U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company (including its predecessors) and all Subsidiaries thereof is not, has not ever been, and, for so long as any of the Securities are held by Purchaser, shall not become, a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code.

Section 3.26 Registration Eligibility. The Company is, and from and after each Closing will be, eligible to register the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) for resale by Purchaser using Form S-3 promulgated under the Securities Act.

Section 3.27 Transfer Taxes. On each Closing Date all stock transfer or other Taxes (other than income or similar Taxes) that are required to be paid in connection with the issuance, sale and transfer of the Securities to be sold to Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement at such Closing will be, or will have been, fully paid or provided for by the Company, and all Laws imposing such Taxes will be or will have been complied with in all material respects.

Section 3.28 Shell Company Status. The Company is not an issuer identified in, and subject to, Rule 144(i).

Section 3.29 ERISA Compliance.

(a)Each Company Plan that is intended to meet the requirements to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter or is covered by a favorable opinion letter from the Internal Revenue Service that remains current to the effect that the form of such Company Plan is so qualified, and the Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to jeopardize the qualification of such Company Plan. The Company Plans comply in form and in operation in all material respects with the requirements of the Code, ERISA and other applicable Law.

(b)With respect to the Company Plans, (i) all required contributions to, and premiums payable in respect of, such Company Plan have been timely made within the time periods, if any, prescribed by ERISA, the Code or other applicable Law or, to the extent not required to be made on or before the date of this Agreement, have been properly accrued on the Companys financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) there are no Actions, audits, suits or claims pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened, other than routine claims for benefits. No Company Plan is, or in the past three years has been, the subject of an investigation, examination or audit by a Governmental Body or is the subject of an application or filing under, or is a participant in, an amnesty, voluntary compliance, self-correction, or similar program sponsored by any Governmental Body.

(c)Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the Company, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in any non-exempt 

28

prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA. To the Companys Knowledge, no prohibited transaction with in the meaning of Section 4675 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA has occurred with respect to any Company Plan.

(d)Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has at any time in the past six years sponsored or contributed to, or has or has had any Liability or obligation in respect of any Plan that is or was at any relevant time (i) subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, (ii) a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or 3(37) of ERISA, (iii) a multiple employer plan within the meaning of Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA, (iv) a multiple employer welfare arrangement within the meaning of Section 3(40) of ERISA or (v) any health or other welfare arrangement that is or was self-insured other than a flexible spending account plan. No Company Plan is or has ever been, or currently funds or has ever been funded by, a voluntary employees beneficiary association within the meaning of Section 501(c)(9) of the Code or other funding arrangement for the provision of welfare benefits. None of the Company Plans obligates the Company or its Subsidiaries to provide a current or former employee or other service provider (or any spouse or dependent thereof) any life insurance or medical or health benefits after his or her termination of employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than as required under Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, Section 4980B of the Code or any other Law and coverage through the end of the month of termination of employment.

(e)Each Company Plan that constitutes a nonqualified deferred compensation plan subject to Section 409A of the Code has been written, executed and operated in all material respects in compliance with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

(f)With respect to each Company Plan that is a Non-U.S. Plan, the fair market value of the assets of each funded Non-U.S. Plan, the liability of each insurer for any non-U.S. Plan funded through insurance or the book reserve established for any Non-U.S. Plan, together with any accrued contributions, is sufficient to procure or provide for the benefits determined on an ongoing basis (actual or contingent) with respect to all current or former participants under such Non-U.S. Plan according to the actuarial assumptions and valuation most recently used to determine employer contributions to such Non-U.S. Plan, and none of the contemplated transactions will cause such assets, insurance obligations or book reserves to be less than such benefit obligations. Each such Non-U.S. Plan required to be registered has been registered and has been maintained in all material respects in good standing with each applicable Governmental Body. No Company Plan that is a Non-U.S. Plan is a defined benefit pension plan.

Section 3.30 Management. Since June 30, 2022, no current or former officer or director or, to the Knowledge of the Company, no current 10% or greater stockholder of the Company (including its predecessors) or any Subsidiaries thereof has been the subject of:

(a)a petition under applicable bankruptcy Laws or any other applicable insolvency or moratorium Law or the appointment by a court of a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer for such Person, or any partnership in which such person was a general partner, or any corporation or business association of which such person was an executive officer;

(b)a conviction in a criminal proceeding or a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations that do not relate to driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence);

29

(c)any Order that has not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, permanently or temporarily enjoining any such person from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities:

(i)engaging in any particular type of business practice; or

(ii)engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of securities Laws or commodities Laws;

(d)any Order that has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of any such person to engage in any activity described in the preceding sub paragraph, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;

(e)a finding by a Governmental Body in a civil Action or by the SEC or other authority to have violated any securities Laws or decrees, and the judgment in such civil Action or finding by the SEC or any other authority has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; or

(f)a finding by a Governmental Body in a civil Action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal commodities Laws, and the judgment in such civil Action or finding has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated.

Section 3.31 FDA and Regulatory Matters.

(a)Except as has not and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Company is, and since December 31, 2019, has been, in compliance with all Healthcare Laws applicable to the Company and its Products and Services, including requirements relating to design, manufacturing, development, and validation, clinical and non-clinical research and/or testing, premarket approval or clearance, premarketing notification, labeling, advertising and promotion, record keeping, adverse event or medical device reporting, reporting of corrections and removals, and current good manufacturing practice (GMP) for biological, tissue, and medical device products. To the Knowledge of the Company, no officer, director, manager or managing director of the Company has engaged in any act on behalf of the Company that violates any Healthcare Law in any material respect. The Company and, to the Companys Knowledge, any contract manufacturers assisting in the manufacture of the Products are, and, since December 31, 2019, have been, in compliance with CLIA registration and any other establishment registration requirements and product listing requirements to the extent required by applicable Healthcare Laws insofar as they pertain to the manufacture of Products or the business operations of the Company, except as has not and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not received any written notification of any pending or threatened subpoena, hearing, enforcement, or other Action from any Governmental Body, including the FDA, CMS, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, the U.S. Department of Justice, any U.S. Attorneys Office or state Attorney General, or any comparable state or federal 

30

Governmental Body alleging potential or actual non-compliance by, or Liability of, the Company under any Healthcare Law. 

(b)The Company has not received any written notice or other communication from the FDA or any other Governmental Body contesting the regulatory classification, licensure or lack of licensure, failure to obtain pre-market clearance or approval of the uses of or the labeling and promotion of any of the Products or Services. To the Companys Knowledge, no manufacturing site which assists in the manufacture of the Products or Product components (whether Company-owned or operated or that of a contract manufacturer for any Products or Product components) or laboratory which is used to develop or perform Services has been subject to a Governmental Body (including the FDA) shutdown or import or export detention, refusal or prohibition. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any manufacturing site which assists in the manufacture of any material Products or material Product components (whether Company-owned or operated or that of a contract manufacturer for the Products or Product components) or laboratory which has been used to develop or perform Services has received, since December 31, 2019, any FDA Form 483 or other Governmental Body notice of inspectional observations or adverse findings, warning letters, untitled letters or similar correspondence or notice from the FDA or other Governmental Body alleging, observing or asserting noncompliance with any applicable Healthcare Laws or Company Licenses or alleging a lack of safety or effectiveness from the FDA or any other Governmental Body, and, to the Companys Knowledge, there is no such Action pending or threatened.

(c)The FDA has not mandated that the Company recall any of its Products. There are no voluntary recalls of any of the Companys Products contemplated by the Company or pending. Since December 31, 2019, there have been no recalls (either voluntary or involuntary), field notifications, field corrections, market withdrawals or replacements, warnings, dear doctor letters, investigator notices, safety alerts or other notices of action relating to an alleged lack of safety, efficacy or regulatory compliance of any Product or Product component, or seizures ordered or adverse regulatory actions taken (or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened) by the FDA or any Governmental Body with respect to any of the Products or Product components or any facilities where Products or Product components are developed, designed, tested, manufactured, assembled, processed, packaged or stored. 

(d)The Company is not the subject of any pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, investigation regarding the Company or the Products or Services by the FDA pursuant to the FDA Fraud Policy. Neither the Company nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any officer, employee, agent or distributor of the Company has made an untrue statement of material fact to the FDA or any other Governmental Body, failed to disclose a material fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or any other Governmental Body or committed an act, made a statement or failed to make a statement that, at the time such disclosure was made, would reasonably be expected to provide a basis for the FDA or any other Governmental Body to invoke the FDA Fraud Policy or any similar policy. Neither the Company nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any officer, employee, agent or distributor of the Company has been debarred or excluded or has been convicted of any crime or engaged in any conduct for which such Person could be debarred under 21 U.S.C. 335a or excluded from participating in the federal healthcare programs under Section 1128 of the Social Security Act of 1935, or any similar Law. No claims, Actions, proceedings or investigation that would reasonably be expected to result in a debarment or 

31

exclusion are pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, against the Company or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of its directors, officers, employees or agents. 

Section 3.32 No Disqualification Events. With respect to Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506(b) under the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any Affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, or to the Companys Knowledge, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to Purchaser a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder. The Company is not aware of any Person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of Purchaser or other potential purchasers in connection with the sale of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 3.33 No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act or (ii) any applicable stockholder approval provisions of the Nasdaq Global Market.

Section 3.34 Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its Knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of each Closing as follows:

Section 4.1Organization. Purchaser is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware, with full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder.

32

Section 4.2Authorization; Valid and Binding Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of the Definitive Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite action on the part of Purchaser, and no other corporate approvals on Purchasers part are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery or performance of the Definitive Documents. Assuming that the Definitive Documents are valid and binding obligations of the Company, the Definitive Documents constitute valid and binding obligations of Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions.

Section 4.3No Conflict. Except with respect to clauses (b) and (c) for any conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Purchaser, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not (a) conflict with or violate Purchasers Organizational Documents, (b) assuming all consents, approvals, authorizations and other actions described in Section 4.4 have been obtained and all filings and obligations described in Section 4.4 have been made, conflict with or violate any Law or Order to which Purchaser, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets is subject, or (c) conflict with or result in any breach of, constitute (with or without notice of or lapse of time of both) a default under, result in a violation of, give rise to a right of termination, modification, cancellation or acceleration under, give rise to any penalties, repayment obligations, special assessments or additional payments under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any assets of Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries, or require any authorization, consent, waiver, approval, filing, exemption or other action by or notice to any court, other Governmental Body or other third party, under the provisions of any Material Contract of Purchaser.

Section 4.4Consents. Except as may be required by (a) the Exchange Act, (b) the Securities Act, (c) U.S. state securities Laws, (d) Nasdaq, and (f) the DGCL, in each case, which requirements have or will be satisfied in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, (i) none of Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries is required to submit any notice, report or other filing with any Governmental Body in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by it of the Definitive Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) no consent, approval or authorization of any Governmental Body or any other party or Person is required to be obtained by Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with its execution, delivery and performance of the Definitive Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, except for those notices, reports, filings, consents, approvals or authorizations the failure of which to make or obtain would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.5No Registration. Purchaser understands that (a) the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act by reason of a specific exemption or exclusion from the registration provisions of the Securities Act, the availability of which depends on, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of Purchasers representations as expressed herein or otherwise made pursuant hereto and (b) the Securities cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption or exclusion from registration is available.

33

Section 4.6Purchasing Intent. Purchaser is acquiring the Securities for its own account or accounts or funds over which it or its Affiliates hold voting or investment discretion, not otherwise as a nominee or agent, and not otherwise with the view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof not in compliance with applicable securities Laws, and Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any other participation in, or otherwise distributing the same, except in compliance with applicable securities Laws.

Section 4.7Sophistication; Investigation. Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters such that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Securities. Purchaser is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act and an institutional account within the meaning of Rule 4512 of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act. Purchaser understands and is able to bear any economic risks associated with such investment (including the necessity of holding such Securities for an indefinite period of time). Except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in this Agreement, Purchaser has independently evaluated the merits and risks of its decision to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 4.8Bad Actor. Neither Purchaser nor any person or entity with whom Purchaser will share beneficial ownership of the Securities is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act.

ARTICLE V

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

Section 5.1Covenants of the Company. During the period from the date hereof until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article VII, except (x) as otherwise expressly required by this Agreement, (y) as required by applicable Law or (z) as consented to in writing by Purchaser, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its direct and indirect Subsidiaries to:

(a)use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve, in all material respects, its business operations, organization and goodwill and its relationships with suppliers, customers, lenders and others having business dealings with the Company and its Subsidiaries, except as would be reasonably expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)to the extent any legal or structural impediment arises that would prevent, hinder, or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, support and take all steps reasonably necessary and desirable to address and resolve any such impediment;

(c)use good faith and commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all required Governmental Body and third-party approvals for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(d)inform counsel to Purchaser as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of: (A) any Material Adverse Effect; (B) any notice of any commencement of any 

34

insolvency proceedings, legal suit for payment of debt or securement of security from or by any person in respect of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (C) a breach of this Agreement; and (D) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under this Agreement, which is or proves to have been materially incorrect or misleading in any respect when made or deemed to be made;

(e)maintain the good standing of the Company and any Subsidiaries of the Company under the Laws of the state or other jurisdiction in which they are incorporated or organized;

(f)make all necessary registrations, declarations and filings with, and notices to, Governmental Entities (including under the Exchange Act) (a) in the ordinary course of business and (b) with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and

(g)use commercially reasonable efforts to operate the Companys and its Subsidiaries business in the ordinary course of business.

Section 5.2Nasdaq 19.99% Cap. Each of the Parties acknowledge and consent to the limitations set forth in Section 4.2 of the Convertible Note and the application of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d) (the Nasdaq 19.99% Cap), except that such limitation will not apply following Stockholder Approval (defined below), if applicable. The Company will use reasonable best efforts to obtain stockholder approval of the Convertible Note and the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of the Convertible Note in excess of the Nasdaq 19.99% Cap in accordance with the requirements of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d) (the Stockholder Approval), if required pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d).

Section 5.3Stockholder Approval. If Stockholder Approval is required pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635, the Company shall take all action necessary under applicable Law to promptly call, give notice of, convene and hold an annual or special meeting of its stockholders for the purpose of, inter alia, obtaining the Stockholder Approval, including but not limited to engaging a proxy solicitor reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser and causing such proxy solicitor to reasonably assist in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the annual or special meeting. The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC a definitive proxy statement relating to such meeting, which shall include the recommendation of the Board that the stockholders of the Company vote in favor of the adoption and approval of this Agreement, any conversion of Convertible Notes and the transactions contemplated herein and in the other Definitive Documents, which proxy statement, including any amendments, shall comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq Global Market. Prior to filing such proxy statement, including any amendments, the Company shall provide Purchaser and its Representatives a reasonable opportunity to review and comment thereon. If Stockholder Approval is not obtained at such annual or special meeting, then the Company shall convene additional stockholder meetings annually thereafter until Stockholder Approval is obtained.

Section 5.4Registration Rights Agreement. Simultaneously with the Initial Closing, the Company and Purchaser shall enter into the registration rights agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Registration Rights Agreement).

35

Section 5.5Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Global Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

Section 5.6Required Minimum.

(a)The Company shall maintain a reserve of the Required Minimum from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to this Agreement and the Convertible Notes in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under this Agreement and the Convertible Notes, without regard to any conversion or exercise limits therein, free from preemptive rights or any similar rights, taxes, liens, charges, encumbrances or other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Purchaser. The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, with the Purchaser being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. 

(b)If, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than 130% of (i) the Required Minimum on such date, minus (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock previously issued pursuant to this Agreement, then the Board shall use reasonable best efforts to amend the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Required Minimum at such time (minus the number of shares of Common Stock previously issued pursuant to the Transaction Documents), as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event not later than the 30th day after such date, provided that the Company will not be required at any time to authorize a number of shares of Common Stock greater than the maximum remaining number of shares of Common Stock that could possibly be issued after such time pursuant to this Agreement. 

(c)On or prior to May 30, 2025, the Company shall file with the Nasdaq Global Market a Listing of Additional Shares Notification under Listing Rule 5250(e)(2) (an LAS Notification) covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum. Promptly following the date hereof, the Company shall take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for listing or quotation on Nasdaq Global Market as soon as possible thereafter, and shall maintain the listing or quotation of a numbers of shares of Common Stock on any date equal to the Required Minimum on such date on the Nasdaq Global Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. Following each Closing the Company shall, from time to time as required, within the time period required by the Nasdaq Global Market, prepare and file with the Nasdaq Global Market a Change in Shares Outstanding.

36

Section 5.7Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under the Definitive Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Securities pursuant to this Agreement, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

Section 5.8Blue Sky Filings. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to Purchaser at each Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

Section 5.9Use of Proceeds. The Company shall exclusively use any proceeds from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement for the repayment of a portion of its outstanding Indebtedness under the Company Existing Loan Documents until such Indebtedness is paid in full and thereafter for general corporate purposes.

ARTICLE VI

CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES

Section 6.1Conditions to the Obligations of Purchaser at the Closing. The obligations of Purchaser to consummate each Closing shall be subject to (unless waived in writing by Purchaser) the satisfaction of the following conditions prior to or at such Closing:

(a)Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Governmental Approvals. All authorizations, approvals, consents or clearances under applicable Law required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained or filed.

(c)No Legal Impediment to Issuance. No applicable Law will have been enacted or made effective and no Order will have been issued, promulgated, enforced or made that serves to restrain, enjoin, make illegal or prohibit the timely consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no action by a Governmental Body will have been commenced and be continuing that seeks to restrain, enjoin, make illegal or prohibit the timely consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d)Accuracy of the Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein and in the Merger Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date hereof and as of each Closing as though made at and as of such Closing (other than such representations and warranties as are made as of an earlier date, which shall be so true and correct as of such earlier date), except in each case for such failure to be true and correct that, 

37

individually or in the aggregate, has not resulted in a Material Adverse Effect, in all cases disregarding all materiality qualifiers in such representations and warranties.

(e)Compliance with Covenants. The Company shall have performed and complied, in all material respects, with all of its covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, in the Merger Agreement, and in the Company Existing Loan Documents that contemplate, by their terms, performance or compliance prior to each Closing.

(f)No Default. No Event of Default (as defined in the Convertible Notes and in the Company Existing Loan Documents that has not been cured or waived) shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(g)Delivery of the Closing Certificate. The Company shall have delivered to Purchaser a certificate duly executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company certifying that the conditions set forth in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 6.1 have been fully satisfied.

(h)Suspension. Since the date of this Agreement, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended from trading.

(i)Nasdaq Global Market Filing. The Company shall have filed the LAS notification with the Nasdaq Global Market.

(j)Other Deliverables and Actions. The Company shall have delivered or caused to be delivered and shall have taken each of the actions contemplated by Section 2.2c).

Section 6.2Conditions to the Obligations of the Company at the Closing. The obligations of the Company to consummate each Closing shall be subject to (unless waived in writing by the Company) the satisfaction of each of the following conditions prior to or at such Closing:

(a)Governmental Approvals. All authorizations, approvals, consents or clearances under applicable Law required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained or filed.

(b)No Legal Impediment to Issuance. No applicable Law will have been enacted or made effective and no Order will have been issued, promulgated, enforced or made that serves to restrain, enjoin, make illegal or prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no action by a Governmental Body will have been commenced and be continuing that seeks to restrain, enjoin, make illegal or prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(c)Accuracy of the Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Purchaser shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date hereof and as of each Closing as though made at and as of such Closing (other than such representations and warranties as are made as of an earlier date, which shall be so true and correct as of such earlier date) except, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to prohibit or materially and adversely impact Purchasers performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

38

(d)Compliance with Covenants. Purchaser shall have performed and complied, in all material respects, with all of its covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement that contemplate, by their terms, performance or compliance prior to the Closing.

Article VII 

TERMINATION

Section 7.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated, and the transactions contemplated hereby may be abandoned, at any time prior to the Initial Closing:

(a)by mutual written consent of the Company and Purchaser; 

(b)automatically, and without any further action on the part of the Company or the Purchaser, upon the earlier of (i) the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) the last day of the Draw Period;

(c)by the Company or Purchaser, upon written notice to the other Party, if a Governmental Body of competent jurisdiction has issued an Order or has taken any other action permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Merger Agreement, and such Order or action has become final and non-appealable; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1c) shall not be available to any Party whose breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement contained in this Agreement is the primary cause of the failure to avoid such Order or other action; or

(d)by Purchaser, upon written notice to the Company, if:

(i)(A) the Company has breached any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement made by the Company in this Agreement or such representation or warranty shall have become inaccurate and such breach or inaccuracy would, individually or in the aggregate, cause a condition to each Closing to not be able to be satisfied, (B) Purchaser shall have delivered written notice of such breach or inaccuracy to the Company and (C) such breach or inaccuracy is not cured by the Company before the earlier of (x) the 10th day following the delivery of such notice, and (y) the End Date; or

(ii)the Company or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries (A) voluntarily commences any case or files any petition seeking bankruptcy, winding up, dissolution, liquidation, administration, moratorium, reorganization or other relief under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, administrative receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect; (B) consents to the institution of, or fails to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any involuntary proceeding or petition described in the preceding subsection (A); (C) applies for or consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official with respect to the Company or any Affiliate or for a substantial part of the Companys assets; (D) makes a 

39

general assignment or arrangement for the benefit of creditors; or (E) takes any corporate action for the purpose of authorizing any of the foregoing.

(e)by the Company, upon written notice to Purchaser, if:

(i)(A) Purchaser has breached any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement made by Purchaser in this Agreement or such representation or warranty shall have become inaccurate and such breach or inaccuracy would, individually or in the aggregate, cause a condition to each Closing to not be able to be satisfied, (B) the Company shall have delivered written notice of such breach or inaccuracy to Purchaser and (C) such breach or inaccuracy is not cured by Purchaser before the earlier of (x) the 10th day following the delivery of such notice, and (y) the End Date; or

(ii)Purchaser or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries (A) voluntarily commences any case or files any petition seeking bankruptcy, winding up, dissolution, liquidation, administration, moratorium, reorganization or other relief under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, administrative receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect; (B) consents to the institution of, or fails to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any involuntary proceeding or petition described in the preceding subsection (A); (C) applies for or consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official with respect to Purchaser or any Affiliate or for a substantial part of Purchasers assets; (D) makes a general assignment or arrangement for the benefit of creditors; or (E) takes any corporate action for the purpose of authorizing any of the foregoing.

Section 7.2 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Article VII, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no further obligations or liabilities on the part of the Parties; provided, that, Article VII, Section 8.1, Section 8.3 through Section 8.7 (except as otherwise set forth therein) and Section 8.9 (including the provisions referenced therein) shall survive the termination of this Agreement; provided further that nothing set forth in this Agreement shall relieve any Party from liability for any breach of this Agreement occurring prior to such termination.

ARTICLE VIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 8.1Notices. All notices, demands and other communications to be given or delivered under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (a) when personally delivered, (b) the day following the day (except if not a Business Day then the next Business Day) on which the same has been delivered prepaid to a reputable national overnight air courier service for overnight delivery, (c) the third Business Day following the day on which the same is sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid or (d) when sent by electronic mail, provided that the sender does not receive a written notification of delivery failure. Notices, demands and other communications, in each case, to the respective 

40

Parties, shall be sent to the applicable address set forth below, unless another address has been previously specified in writing:

(a)If to the Company:

Akoya Biosciences, Inc.

100 Campus Drive, 6th Floor

Marlborough, MA 01752

Attention: Jennifer Kamocsay, Chief Legal Officer

Email: jkamocsay@akoyabio.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

DLA Piper LLP (US)

4365 Executive Drive, Suite 1100

San Diego, California 92121-2133

Attention: David M. Clark

Patrick J. OMalley

Email: david.clark@us.dlapiper.com

patrick.omalley@us.dlapiper.com

(b)If to Purchaser:

Quanterix Corporation

900 Middlesex Turnpike

Billerica, MA

Attention: Legal Department

Email: legal@quanterix.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Covington & Burling LLP

One CityCenter

800 Tenth Street, N.W.

Washington, District of Columbia 20001

Attention: Kerry S. Burke

Catherine Dargan

Kyle Rabe

Email: kburke@cov.com

cdargan@cov.com

krabe@cov.com

Section 8.2Assignment; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall be enforceable by and inure solely to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any rights, interests or obligations hereunder may be assigned by any Party without the prior written consent of all other Parties, and any attempted assignment of this Agreement or any of such rights, interests or obligations without 

41

such consent shall be void and of no effect. The Company and Purchaser agree that (i) their respective representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein are solely for the benefit of the other Parties, in accordance with and subject to the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) this Agreement is not intended to, and does not, confer upon any Person other than the Parties any rights or remedies hereunder, including the right to rely upon the representations and warranties set forth herein.

Section 8.3Entire Agreement; Counterparts. This Agreement (including the exhibits and schedules hereto and the documents and instruments referred to in this Agreement, including the Definitive Documents) constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among or between any of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts (including counterparts delivered by electronic transmission in .pdf format), each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Section 8.4 Applicable Law; Jurisdiction.

(a)This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the Laws of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction that would call for the application of the substantive Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

(b)The Parties agree that the appropriate, exclusive and convenient forum (the Forum) for any disputes among any of the Parties arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except where such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction. In such event, the Forum shall be the United States District Court for the District of Delaware or, in the event such federal district court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, then the Superior Court in the State of Delaware. The Parties irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts solely in respect of any disputes between them arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Parties further agree that no Party shall bring suit with respect to any disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court or jurisdiction other than the above specified courts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8.4 shall limit the rights of any Party to obtain execution of a judgment in any other jurisdiction outside of those specified in this Section 8.4, and the Parties further agree, to the extent permitted by Law, that a final and non-appealable judgment against any Party in any action, suit or proceeding contemplated above shall be conclusive and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction within or outside the U.S. by suit on the judgment, a certified or exemplified copy of which shall be conclusive evidence of the fact and amount of such judgment.

(c)To the extent that any Party has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with respect to itself or its property, each such Party hereby irrevocably (i) waives such immunity in respect of its obligations with respect to this Agreement and (ii) submits to the personal jurisdiction of each court described in this Section 8.4.

42

Section 8.5 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 8.6 Waivers and Amendments; Severability.

(a)No failure on the part of any Party to exercise any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, and no delay on the part of any Party in exercising any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, shall operate as a waiver of such power, right, privilege or remedy, and no single or partial exercise of any such power, right, privilege or remedy shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right, privilege or remedy.

(b)No Party shall be deemed to have waived any claim arising out of this Agreement, or any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, unless the waiver of such claim, power, right, privilege or remedy is expressly set forth in a written instrument duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party, and any such waiver shall not be applicable or have any effect except in the specific instance in which it is given.

(c)Any provision of this Agreement may be amended if, and only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed by Purchaser and the Company.

(d)The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any Person or any circumstance, is invalid or unenforceable, (i) a suitable and equitable provision shall be substituted therefor to carry out, so far as may be valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or unenforceable provision and (ii) the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances shall not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity or unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability of such provision, or the application thereof, in any other jurisdiction; provided, that, if any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall be determined to be excessively broad as to activity, subject, duration or geographic scope, it shall be reformed by limiting and reducing it to the minimum extent necessary, so as to be enforceable under applicable law.

Section 8.7Specific Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed by the Company or Purchaser in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached by the Company or Purchaser. It is accordingly agreed that (a) the Company shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement by Purchaser and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, in each case, without proof of actual damages, against Purchaser in any court having jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which the Company is entitled at law or in equity, without posting any bond or other undertaking, and (b) Purchaser shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement by the Company and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, in each case, without proof of actual damages, 

43

against the Company in any court having jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which Purchaser is entitled at law or in equity, without posting any bond or other undertaking. For the avoidance of doubt, the Companys or Purchasers pursuit of specific performance at any time will not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any other right or remedy to which such Party may be entitled, including the right to pursue remedies for liabilities or damages incurred or suffered by the other Party in the case of a breach of this Agreement involving fraud or an intentional and material breach. The Parties acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 8.7 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, neither the Company nor Purchaser would enter into this Agreement.

Section 8.8Publicity. The Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser. The initial press release relating to this Agreement shall be a joint press release in form and substance acceptable to each Party, and thereafter Purchaser and the Company shall consult with each other before issuing, and provide each other the reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon, any press release or other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Definitive Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of Purchaser or include the name of Purchaser in any filing with the SEC or any Governmental Body, without the prior written consent of Purchaser, except to the extent such disclosure is required by Law, in which case the Company shall provide Purchaser with prior notice of such disclosure.

Section 8.9Survival. All covenants and other agreements contained in this Agreement which by their terms are to be performed following the final Closing shall survive such Closing until fully performed. The representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall survive until the expiration of the statute of limitations plus 30 days.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

44

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

AKOYA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: /s/ Brian McKelligon 

Name: Brian McKelligon

Title: Chief Executive Officer

QUANTERIX CORPORATION

By: /s/ Masoud Toloue 

Name: Masoud Toloue

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

Exhibit A

Form of Convertible Note

Exhibit B

Form of Registration Rights Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex102-formofnoteqtrx040220.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

THE INDEBTEDNESS EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF A SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE HOLDER (AS DEFINED BELOW) AND MIDCAP FINANCIAL TRUST. 

THIS NOTE, AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE, HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), OR THE APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE, AND MAY NOT BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION REQUIREMENT. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH PLEDGE, SALE, ASSIGNMENT OR TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT AND ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

AKOYA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Form of Convertible Promissory Note

$[] Original Issue Date: [], 20[]

For value received, Akoya Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of Quanterix Corporation (hereinafter referred to, together with its successors in title and assigns, as the Holder), the principal sum of [] Dollars ($[]), together with any unpaid interest thereon as set forth below in the manner and on the dates set forth herein, unless earlier converted or cancelled pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth below. The outstanding principal of this Note, together with any unpaid interest thereon, is hereinafter referred to as the Amount Due.

This Convertible Promissory Note (this Note) is issued by the Company pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of [], 2025, by and between the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement). Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Purchase Agreement. 

1.Definitions. The following terms shall have the respective meanings specified below:

Affiliate of any particular Person means any other Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such particular Person. For the purposes of this definition, controlling, controlled and control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management and policies of a Person whether through the ownership of voting securities, Contract or otherwise.

Applicable Margin means six and four fifths of one percent (6.80%).

Base Rate means a per annum rate of interest equal to the greater of (i) two and one half percent per annum (2.50%) and (ii) a per annum rate of interest equal to the rate of interest announced, from time to time, within Wells Fargo Bank National Association (Wells Fargo) at its principal office in San Francisco as its prime rate with the understanding that the prime rate is one of Wells Fargos base rates (not necessarily the lowest of such rates) and serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans making reference thereto and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its announcement in such internal publications as Wells Fargo may designate; provided, however, that the Holder may, upon written notice to the Company, choose a reasonably comparable index or source to use as the basis for the Base Rate.

Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of the Company, and any Capital Stock of the Company into which such Common Stock shall have been converted, exchanged or reclassified following the date hereof.

Common Stock Deemed Outstanding means, at any given time, the number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding at such time.

Conversion Price means an amount equal to the product of (i) the Exchange Ratio (as defined in the Merger Agreement), as it may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, and (ii) the VWAP of the common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of the Holder for the 10 consecutive Trading Days ending on (and including) the Trading Day that is one Trading Day prior to the announcement of the entry into the Merger Agreement.

Conversion Date means the date that all or a portion of this Note is converted into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 4.2.

Floor means the rate per annum of interest equal to 2.50%.

Interest Period means any period commencing on the first day of a calendar month and ending on the last day of such calendar month.

Merger Agreement means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 9, 2025, by and among the Company, the Holder and Merger Sub.

Person means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an unlimited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, any other entity, or any Governmental Body.

Reference Time means approximately a time substantially consistent with market practice two SOFR Business Days prior to the first day of each calendar month. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on any interest lookback day, Term SOFR in respect of such interest lookback day has not been published on the SOFR Administrators Website, then Term SOFR for such interest lookback day will be Term SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding SOFR Business Day for which Term SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrators Website; provided that such first 

2

preceding SOFR Business Day is not more than three SOFR Business Days prior to such interest lookback day.

SOFR means, with respect to any SOFR Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such SOFR Business Day.

SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of Term SOFR selected by the Holder in its reasonable discretion).

SOFR Administrators Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator, currently at https://www.cmegroup.com/market-data/cme-group-benchmark-administration/term-sofr.html, or any successor source for Term SOFR identified by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.

SOFR Business Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government Securities.

SOFR Interest Rate means, with respect to each day during which interest accrues on this Note, the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to Term SOFR for the applicable Interest Period for such day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the SOFR Interest Rate shall not at any time be less than the Floor.

Term SOFR means the greater of (a) the forward-looking term rate for a period comparable to such Interest Period based on SOFR that is published by the SOFR Administrator and is displayed on the SOFR Administrators Website at approximately the Reference Time for such Interest Period plus 0.11448% and (b) the Floor.

Trading Day means a day on which shares of Common Stock are traded on the applicable Trading Market.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the 

3

Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2.Maturity and Interest. This Note shall mature and shall become payable on the earliest to occur of (a) the 91st day following the earlier of (i) November 1, 2027 and (ii) the date that the Companys Indebtedness under the Company Existing Loan Documents is repaid in full, and all commitments of the agent or lenders thereunder to advance any funds to the Company have been terminated (the Maturity Date) and (b) subject to the terms of the Subordination Agreement, the occurrence of an acceleration of the Note pursuant to Section 5, in each case unless earlier converted or cancelled pursuant to the terms set forth herein. This Note shall bear interest from, and including, the date of issuance at a rate equal to the SOFR Interest Rate plus the Applicable Margin (the Initial Interest Rate) until, but excluding, the earliest to occur of (i) the Maturity Date, and (iii) the date of conversion of the Note. Interest on this Note shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 360 days and shall be paid monthly in arrears on the first day of each month and on the Maturity Date. From and including the Maturity Date, if not earlier converted, and for such time that this Note remains outstanding, this Note shall bear default interest at a rate equal to the Initial Interest Rate plus three percent (the Default Rate) per annum, which shall accrue daily and compound monthly to, but excluding, the date of repayment or conversion of the Note. To the extent that any rate of interest set forth in this Note is higher than the maximum percentage permitted by law, or lower than the lowest percentage permitted by law to allow this Note to be classified as indebtedness for United States federal tax purposes, such rate shall be automatically adjusted to such highest or lowest rate (as applicable) permitted by law. 

Unless earlier converted as provided in this Note and subject to the terms of the Subordination Agreement, from and including the date of issuance, and for as long as this Note remains outstanding, any interest payments pursuant to this Note shall be made exclusively to the Holder in cash. Interest on the Note shall be paid monthly in arrears on the first (1st) day of each month and on the maturity of such Note, whether by acceleration or otherwise. 

In the event one or more of the following events occurs with respect to Term SOFR: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SOFR Administrator announcing that the SOFR Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide Term SOFR for a one-month period, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide Term SOFR for a one-month period; (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the SOFR Administrator, the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official or resolution authority with jurisdiction over the SOFR Administrator, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority, which states that the SOFR Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide Term SOFR for a one-month period permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide Term SOFR for a one-month period; or (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the SOFR Administrator announcing that the Term SOFR for a one-month period is no longer, or as of a specified future date 

4

will no longer be, representative and Holder has provided the Company with notice of the same, this Note shall bear interest at the Base Rate at the end of the applicable Interest Period.

3.Amount Due. 

3.1Payments. Payment of any Amount Due under this Note shall be made in immediately available funds in lawful currency of the United States of America at the offices of the Holder or at such other place as the Holder hereof shall have designated to the Company in writing. Payment shall be credited first to any costs, expenses or charges then payable to the Holder, then to accrued interest then due and payable, and then to principal.

3.2Prepayment.

(a)This Note may not be prepaid without the prior written consent of the Holder; provided, however, that, on or after the date, if any, that the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, this Note may be prepaid prior to the Maturity Date, without penalty, at the Companys sole election, subject to the terms of the Subordination Agreement and the Company Existing Loan Documents.

(b)During the Conversion Period (as defined below), in the event that the Company receives any Net Cash Proceeds (as defined below) from the issuance of any debt or equity securities or instruments by the Company or the incurrence of any Indebtedness for borrowed money by the Company (other than pursuant to the Company Existing Loan Documents), the Company shall prepay this Note in an aggregate amount equal to all of such Net Cash Proceeds, subject to the terms of the Subordination Agreement and the Company Existing Loan Documents. Such prepayment shall be made by the Company not later than five Business Days following the date of receipt by the Company of the Net Cash Proceeds. For purposes hereof, Net Cash Proceeds means the cash proceeds received from such issuance or incurrence, net of attorneys fees, investment banking fees, accountants fees, notarial fees, consulting fees, underwriting discounts and commissions and other customary fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith. 

4.Conversion.

4.1Conversion. During the period beginning on the date, if any, that the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms and ending on the day prior to the Maturity Date (or the next Trading Day if either of such days is not a Trading Day) (the Conversion Period), the Holder may elect to convert all or a portion of the principal amount of this Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon into shares of Common Stock by providing written notice to the Company (the Election Notice) and specifying the Conversion Date and the principal amount of the Note to be converted. For the avoidance of doubt, unless the accrued and unpaid interest is converted pursuant to the foregoing, such accrued and unpaid interest (i) shall immediately and automatically cease to accrue on the principal amount converted at the time of conversion and (ii) shall be forfeited by the Holder or, at the Holders election, may be payable by the Company at the next interest payment date. In the event that the Holder does not deliver any Election Notice during such period, the Amount Due under this Note shall become immediately due and payable on the 

5

Maturity Date. In the event that the Holder delivers an Election Notice, on the applicable Conversion Date, this Note shall automatically, and without any further action of the Holder or the Company, convert into a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the outstanding principal amount of this Note specified in the Election Notice plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon by (ii) the Conversion Price, rounding down to the nearest whole number of shares. No ink-original Election Notice, nor any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Election Notice form shall be required. To effect conversions pursuant to this Section 4.1, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Note has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of reducing the outstanding principal amount of this Note (and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon) in an amount equal to the applicable principal amount of the Note so converted.

4.2Conversion Limitations. If the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion of this Note is limited by operation of law without the approval of the holders of shares of Common Stock (including pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635 or any other rules or requirements of any stock exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed) (the Stockholder Approval), the Company shall issue the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note absent such Stockholder Approval. Following any such partial conversion, the remaining portion of this Note will remain outstanding and the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain the Stockholder Approval, including by calling a meeting of stockholders to seek the Stockholder Approval, recommending that holders of shares of Common Stock vote in favor of the Shareholder Approval and hiring a proxy solicitor to solicit proxies in connection with such meeting. The Holder shall vote or cause to be voted the maximum number of shares of Common Stock then owned by the Holder and that it is allowed to vote in accordance with applicable law or stock exchange requirements in favor of any such Stockholder Approval; it being understood that in no event shall the Holder or its Affiliates be required to exercise any warrants or acquire any additional shares of Common Stock. Following any conversion request by the Holder that would require the Company to obtain Stockholder Approval to effect such conversion request in full, interest shall accrue on the remaining Amount Due at the Default Rate in accordance with the penultimate sentence of Section 2 until Stockholder Approval is obtained. Upon receipt of such Stockholder Approval, the remaining Amount Due under this Note may be converted into shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the applicable remaining Amount Due by (ii) the Conversion Price then in effect, rounding down to the nearest whole number of shares.

4.3Anti-Dilution. Adjustment of Conversion Price. The Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to time as follows:

(a)Adjustment of Conversion Price and Number of Shares upon Issuance of Common Stock. If at any time during the Conversion Period, the Company issues or sells, or is deemed to have issued or sold, other than (i) any shares of Common Stock upon the issuance, exercise or conversion of options and warrants of the Company issued prior to, and outstanding on, the first day of the Conversion Period, in each case provided such issuance is pursuant to the terms of such option or warrant, (ii) the shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of such options and warrants, provided such options and warrants are not amended after the first day of the Conversion Period and are issued pursuant to the terms of such option or 

6

warrant, or (iii) shares of Common Stock or options to purchase such shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to employees or directors of, or consultants to, the Company pursuant to any Company Plan in effect as of the Initial Closing, provided that such shares of Common Stock are authorized under such Company Plan as of the Initial Closing (collectively, Other Securities) without consideration or for a consideration per share less than a price (the Applicable Price) equal to the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale, then immediately after such issue or sale the Conversion Price then in effect shall be reduced concurrently with such issuance or deemed issuance to an amount equal to (calculated to the nearest one hundredth of a cent) the quotient obtained by dividing: (i) the sum of (A) the product obtained by multiplying the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) by the Conversion Price then in effect plus (B) the aggregate consideration, if any, received by the Company upon such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale); by (ii) the sum of (A) the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) plus (B) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued or sold (or deemed issued or sold) by the Company in such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale), provided that in no event shall the Conversion Price be reduced below $0.001. 

(b)Effect on Conversion Price of Certain Events. For purposes of determining the Conversion Price, the following shall be applicable:

(i)Issuance of Options. If at any time during the Conversion Period, the Company in any manner grants any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock (collectively, Options), other than Other Securities, and the price per share (determined as provided in this Section 4.3(b)(i) and in Section 4.3(c)) for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion or exchange of any convertible securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, then such share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the granting or sale of such Option for such price per share. For purposes of this Section 4.3(b)(i), the price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon exercise of such Options or upon conversion or exchange of such convertible securities shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the sum (which sum shall constitute the applicable consideration received for purposes of Section 4.3(a)) of (x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Company as consideration for the granting or sale of such Options, plus (y) the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion or exchange of all such Options, by (B) the total maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such Options. Subject to Section 4.3(c)(iii), no further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock or of such convertible securities upon the exercise of such Options or upon the actual issuance of Common Stock upon conversion or exchange of such convertible securities or the issue or sale of convertible securities upon exercise of any Options 

7

to purchase any such convertible securities for which adjustments of the Exercise Price have been made pursuant to the other provisions of this Section 4.3(b).

(ii)Issuance of Convertible Securities. If the Company in any manner issues or sells any convertible securities other than Other Securities at any time during the Conversion Period and the price per share (determined as provided in this Section 4.3(b)(ii) and in Section 4.3(c)) for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the conversion or exchange thereof is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, then such share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such convertible securities for such price per share. For the purposes of this Section 4.3(b)(ii) the price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the sum (which sum shall constitute the applicable consideration received for purposes of Section 4.3(a)) of (x) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Company as consideration for the granting or sale of such Convertible Securities, plus (y) the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities, by (B) the total maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities. Subject to Section 4.3(b)(iii), no further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon conversion or exchange of such convertible securities, and if any such issue or sale of such convertible securities is made upon exercise of any Options for which adjustment of the Conversion Price had been or are to be made pursuant to other provisions of this Section 4.3(b), no further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made by reason of such issue or sale. 

(iii)Change in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If the purchase price provided for in any Options, the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion or exchange of any convertible securities, or the rate at which any convertible securities are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock changes at any time, the Conversion Price in effect at the time of such change shall be adjusted to the Conversion Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or convertible securities provided for such changed purchase price, additional consideration or changed conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time initially granted, issued or sold and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be correspondingly readjusted. For purposes of this Section 4.3(b)(iii), if the terms of any Option or convertible security that was outstanding on the first day of the Conversion Period are changed in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence, then such Option or convertible security and the Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such change. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Conversion Price then in effect. 

8

(c)Effect on Conversion Price of Certain Events. For purposes of determining the Conversion Price, the following shall be applicable: 

(i)Calculation of Consideration Received. If any Common Stock, Options or convertible securities are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration received will be deemed to be the net amount received by the Company therefor. If any Common Stock, Options or convertible securities are issued or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration, except where such consideration consists of marketable securities, in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company will be the market price of such securities on the date of receipt of such securities (measured by the closing sale price of such securities on the applicable Trading Market). If any Common Stock, Options or convertible securities are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger (other than the merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement) in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such Common Stock, Options or convertible securities, as the case may be. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or securities will be determined jointly by the Company and the Holder. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within 10 days after the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair value of such consideration will be determined within five Business Days after the 10th day following the Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the holders of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company.

(ii)Integrated Transactions. In case any Option is issued in connection with the issue or sale of other securities of the Company, together comprising one integrated transaction in which no specific consideration is allocated to such Options by the parties thereto, the Options will be deemed to have been issued for a consideration of $0.001. 

(iii)Treasury Shares. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time does not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any shares so owned or held will be considered an issue or sale of Common Stock. 

(iv)Record Date. If the Company takes a record of the holders of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them (1) to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in Common Stock, Options or in convertible securities or (2) to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock, Options or convertible securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issue or sale of the shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the 

9

making of such other distribution or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase, as the case may be. 

(d)Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company at any time during the Conversion Period subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. If the Company at any time during the Conversion Period combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. Any adjustment under this Section 4.3(d) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective. 

(e)Distribution of Assets. If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time during the Conversion Period, then, in each such case the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a price determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction of which (A) the numerator shall be the closing bid price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith by the Companys board of directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (B) the denominator shall be the closing bid price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date.

(f)Certain Events. If any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section 4.3 but not expressly provided for by such provisions (including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), then the Companys board of directors will make an appropriate adjustment in the Conversion Price so as to protect the rights of the holders of the Note; provided, except as set forth in Section 4.3(c), that no such adjustment pursuant to this Section 4.3(f) will increase the Conversion Price as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 4.3.

(g)Notices.

(i)Immediately upon any adjustment of the Conversion Price, the Company will give written notice thereof to the holder of this Note, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment.

(ii)The Company will give written notice to the holder of this Note at least ten days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, (B) with respect to 

10

any pro rata subscription offer to holders of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any dissolution or liquidation, provided that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to such holder.

4.4Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of any of the Companys equity securities will be issued in connection with any conversion of this Note.

4.5Conversion Shares. At the Companys expense, the Company shall not later than one Business Day after the Conversion Date set forth in the Election Notice issue and deliver to the Holder, in book-entry form, the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled upon such conversion of this Note, including a check payable to the Holder for any cash amounts payable in lieu of fractional shares as described in Section 4.4.

5.Demand; Default. This Note shall, at the election of the Holder, become immediately due and payable, upon notice and demand by the Holder, upon the occurrence of any of the following events of default (individually, an Event of Default and collectively, Events of Default):

(a)the Company fails to pay any of the principal amount on this Note when due and payable on the Maturity Date, upon a declaration of acceleration or otherwise;

(b)the Company fails to pay any interest on the Note when due and payable and the default continues for a period of three Business Days;

(c)the Company fails to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes upon exercise of the Holders conversion right in accordance with this Note and such failure continues for a period of three days; provided, however, that if Stockholder Approval is required to convert a portion of the Note, the failure to convert the Notes in advance of the Company obtaining Stockholder Approval shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder;

(d)the Company fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement (other than set forth in Section (a), (b) or (c) of this Note) contained in the Purchase Agreement, the Merger Agreement or this Note and (if capable of cure) fails to cure such breach within 20 days after the Company or the Holder has knowledge thereof;

(e)any representations or warranties by Company in this Note, the Purchase Agreement or the Merger Agreement shall be untrue in any material respect when made;

(f)this Note shall at any time cease to be valid and binding or in full force and effect (other than upon full satisfaction or repayment in accordance with the terms hereof);

(g)the Common Stock ceases to be listed or quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any of their successors);

(h)(i) the Company or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment of principal when due (whether at scheduled maturity, by required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) 

11

in respect of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder) having an aggregate principal amount (including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $1,000,000, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition (including any obligation to make any payment of interest, fees or other amounts) relating to any Indebtedness having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $1,000,000 or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; provided that any such failure under clause (A) or (B) hereunder relating to the Company Existing Loan Documents shall not be an Event of Default under this Section 5(h) unless such failure shall have resulted in the acceleration of such Indebtedness;

(i)the liquidation, dissolution or insolvency of the Company, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator or custodian for the Company of a material part of its property; 

(j)the making of a general assignment by the Company or any subsidiary thereof for the benefit of its creditors;

(k)the Company or any subsidiary thereof becomes a debtor or alleged debtor in a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or similar law or becomes the subject of any other bankruptcy or similar proceeding for the general adjustment of its debts or for its liquidation (whether on a voluntary or involuntary basis); or

(l)the Companys Board of Directors or stockholders adopt a resolution for the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company.

Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, all accrued but unpaid expenses, accrued but unpaid interest, all principal and any other amounts outstanding under this Note shall (i) in the case of any Event of Default under Section 5(i), 5(j), 5(k), or 5(l) hereof, become immediately due and payable in full without further notice, presentment, demand, or protest of any kind by Holder, and (ii) in the case of any Event of Default pursuant to Section 5(a), 5(b), 5(c), 5(d), 5(e), 5(f), 5(g), or 5(h) hereof, become immediately due and payable upon written notice by or on behalf of Holder to the Company.

6.No Set-Off. All payments by the Company under this Note shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and be without any deduction or withholding for any taxes or fees of any nature, unless the obligation to make such deduction or withholding is imposed by law.

7.Seniority; No Security Interest. The indebtedness evidenced by this Note shall be subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the indebtedness due in connection with the Company Existing Loan Documents. This Note will not be secured. 

12

8.General.

8.1Transfers; Successors and Assigns.

(i)This Note, and the obligations and rights of the parties hereunder, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, the holder of this Note, and their respective heirs, successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Company may not transfer or assign its obligations hereunder, by operation of law or otherwise, without the consent of the Holder; and provided further that the Holder may not transfer or assign its rights hereunder, by operation of law of otherwise, except to an Affiliate, a direct or indirect equity holder of Holder or a successor to all or a substantial portion of the assets of the assets of Holder, without the consent of the Company. 

(ii)Notwithstanding anything else in this Note to the contrary, the right of any Holder (or transferee) to receive principal or interest payments under this Note may be transferred only through the surrender of the current Note and reissuance of a new note by the Company pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph. The foregoing language is intended to cause this Note to be in registered form as defined in Treasury Regulations Sections 5f.103-1(c) and 1.871-14(c) and shall be interpreted and applied consistently therewith.

8.2No Rights or Liabilities as Stockholder; No Personal Liability. This Note does not by itself entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In the absence of conversion of this Note, no provisions of this Note, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall cause the Holder to be a stockholder of the Company in respect of any of the Companys equity securities which would be issued in connection with any conversion of this Note. Holder agrees that no past, present or future stockholder, director, officer or employee of the Company shall have any personal liability under the Purchase Agreement or this Note for any claim based on, or in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation and Holder waives and releases all such liability. Holder recognizes and agrees that such waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Note.

8.3Further Assurances. In the case of any conflict between this Note and the Purchase Agreement, the provisions of the Purchase Agreement shall control and govern, except to the extent expressly provided herein. From time to time, the Holder and the Company shall execute and deliver to the other party such additional documents as may reasonably be required to carry out the terms of this Note and any agreements executed in connection herewith. 

8.4Amendment. This Note may be amended or modified, or compliance with any term, covenant, agreement, condition or provision set forth herein may be omitted or waived, either generally or in a particular instance, and either retroactively or prospectively, upon written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

8.5Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Note shall be in accordance with the Purchase Agreement.

8.6Severability. If one or more provisions of this Note are held to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from this Note and the balance 

13

of this Note shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

8.7Governing Law. This Note and the obligations of the Company hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted and determined in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, and as to all other matters shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware (excluding the laws and rules of law applicable to conflicts or choice of law).

[Signature on following page]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Note has been duly executed on behalf of the undersigned on the day and in the year first written above.

AKOYA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Convertible Promissory Note]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex103-formofregistrationri.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.3

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of [], by and between Akoya Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Quanterix Corporation (the Holder). The Company and the Holder are referred to each as a Party and collectively herein as the Parties. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by each Party, the Parties agree as follows:

1.Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1:

Affiliate of any particular Person means any other Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such particular Person. For the purposes of this definition, controlling, controlled and control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management and policies of a Person whether through the ownership of voting securities, Contract or otherwise.

Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks are closed in New York, New York or San Diego, California.

Close of Business means 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time.

Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of the Company, and any Capital Stock into which such Common Stock shall have been converted, exchanged or reclassified following the date hereof.

Company Indemnified Persons has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Control means, with respect to any Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or agency or otherwise. Controlled has a correlative meaning.

Convertible Note means the Convertible Promissory Note issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

Form S-1 Shelf has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Form S-3 Shelf has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Holder has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Holder Indemnified Persons has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Indemnified Persons has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Parties has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Person means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an unlimited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, any other entity, or any Governmental Body.

Proceeding means any action, claim, suit, proceeding or investigation (including a preliminary investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition) pending or known to the Company to be threatened.

Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective Registration Statement in reliance upon Rule 430A), all amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

Registrable Securities means (a) any Common Stock issuable to the Holder upon conversion of the Convertible Note, (b) any securities issued or issuable with respect to, on account of or in exchange for Common Stock described in clause (a), whether by stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization, charter amendment or otherwise, and (c) any options, warrants or other rights to acquire, and any securities received as a dividend or distribution in respect of, any of the securities described in clauses (a) and (b) above, in each case that are held by the Holder and its Affiliates or any transferee or assignee of the Holder or its Affiliates, all of which securities are subject to the rights provided herein until such rights terminate pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. As to any particular Registrable Securities, such securities shall not be Registrable Securities when (i) a Registration Statement registering such Registrable Securities under the Securities Act has been declared effective and such Registrable Securities have been sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by the Holder thereof pursuant to such effective Registration Statement, (ii) such Registrable Securities are sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) such securities cease to be outstanding or (iv) such securities have become eligible for sale by the Holder pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction on the volume or manner of such sale and all restrictive legends and stop transfer instructions have been removed with respect to all book entries representing the applicable Registrable Securities.

Registration Expenses means all expenses incurred by the Company in complying with this Agreement, including, without limitation, all registration, qualification and filing fees, printing 

2

expenses, escrow fees, fees and expenses of counsel for the Company and one counsel for the Holder, blue sky fees and expenses and the expense of any special audits incident to or required by any such registration.

Registration Statement means a registration statement of the Company filed with or to be filed with the SEC under the Securities Act that covers the resale of any of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and including any Prospectus, amendments and supplements to each such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Related Person has the meaning set forth in Section 9(m).

Representatives means, with respect to any Person, such Persons directors, officers, members, partners, managers, employees, agents, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, advisors and other representatives.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 405 means Rule 405 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Rule 430A means Rule 430A promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

Seasoned Issuer means an issuer eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and who is not an ineligible issuer as defined in Rule 405.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Selling Expenses means all underwriting fees, discounts, selling commissions and stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities and related legal and other fees of the Holder not included within the definition of Registration Expenses.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

3

Securities Purchase Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2025, by and between the Company and the Holder, as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Shelf Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Shelf Registration means the registration of an offering of Registrable Securities on a Form S-1 Shelf or a Form S-3 Shelf, as applicable, on a delayed or continuous basis under Rule 415, pursuant to Section 2(a).

Shelf Registration Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, unlimited liability company or other business entity of which (a) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares of capital stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; or (b) if a partnership, association, limited liability company, or other business entity, a majority of the partnership or other similar ownership interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, a Person or Persons shall be deemed to have a majority ownership interest in a partnership, association, limited liability company or other business entity if such Person or Persons are allocated a majority of partnership, association, limited liability company or other business entity gains or losses or otherwise control the managing director, managing member, general partner or other managing Person of such partnership, association, limited liability company or other business entity.

Suspension Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

Trading Market means the principal national securities exchange in the United States on which Registrable Securities are (or are to be) listed.

Unless the context requires otherwise: (a) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms; (b) references to Sections, paragraphs and clauses refer to Sections, paragraphs and clauses of this Agreement; (c) the terms include, includes, including or words of like import shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; (d) the terms hereof, herein or hereunder refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (e) unless the context otherwise requires, the term or is not exclusive and shall have the inclusive meaning of and/or; (f) defined terms herein will apply equally to both the singular and plural forms and derivative forms of defined terms will have correlative meanings; (g) references to any law or statute shall be deemed to refer to such law or statute as amended or supplemented from time to time and shall include all rules and regulations and forms promulgated thereunder, and references to any law, rule, form or statute shall be construed as including any legal and statutory provisions, rules or forms consolidating, amending, succeeding or replacing the applicable law, rule, form or statute; (h) references to any Person include such Persons successors and permitted assigns; and (i) 

4

references to days are to calendar days unless otherwise indicated. Each of the Parties hereto acknowledges that each Party was actively involved in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and that no law or rule of construction shall be raised or used in which the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in favor or against any Party hereto because one is deemed to be the author thereof.

2.Registration.

(a)Shelf Registration. No later than August 13, 2025, or such later date as the Holder, in its sole discretion, may determine, the Company shall file a Registration Statement for a Shelf Registration covering the resale of the Registrable Securities with the SEC for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415, or if Rule 415 is not available for offers and sales of the Registrable Securities, by such other means of distribution of Registrable Securities as the Holder may reasonably specify (the Initial Registration Statement). The Initial Registration Statement shall be on Form S-1 (or any successor to Form S-1) covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities held by the Holder (the Form S-1 Shelf) or, if the Company is a Seasoned Issuer at the time of filing, on Form S-3 (or any successor to Form S-3) (the Form S-3 Shelf and, together with the Form S-1 Shelf, the Shelf Registration Statement). In the event that the Initial Registration Statement is a Form S-1, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to convert the Form S-1 to a Form S-3 promptly after the Company is eligible to use Form S-3. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including any applicable Suspension Period, the Company shall cause the Shelf Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event (x) no later than the 15th day following the filing of the Shelf Registration Statement in the event of no review by the SEC, (y) no later than the 60th day following the filing of the Shelf Registration Statement in the event of limited review by the SEC, or (z) in the event of a full review by the SEC, the 120th day following the filing of the Shelf Registration Statement (the number of days in (x), (y) and (z) each being a Review Period, depending on the nature of the SECs review, and provided, for any days during the period following the initial filing of the Shelf Registration Statement and prior to the effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement that the SEC is unable to review or declare effective registration statements filed with the SEC due to a shutdown or partial shutdown of the U.S. government (such days, Tolled Days), the applicable number of days in such Review Period shall be extended by the number of Tolled Days), and shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are no longer Registrable Securities, including (the period during which the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep the Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act in accordance with this clause (i), the Shelf Period). The Company shall notify the Holder by e-mail with electronic confirmation of the effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement as promptly as practicable, and in any event within 24 hours, after the Company telephonically or otherwise confirms effectiveness with the SEC. The Company shall file a final Prospectus with the SEC to the extent required by Rule 424. The Plan of Distribution section of such Shelf Registration Statement shall provide for all permitted means of disposition of Registrable Securities, including firm-commitment underwritten public offerings, agented transactions, sales directly into the market, purchases or sales by brokers and sales not involving a public offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in the event the SEC informs the Company that all of the 

5

Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly (A) inform the Holder, (B) file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the SEC and/or (C) withdraw the Initial Registration Statement and file a new Registration Statement (a New Registration Statement), in either case covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the SEC, on Form S-1 or, if the Company is a Seasoned Issuer at the time of filing, on Form S-3, or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering; provided, however, that prior to filing such amendment or New Registration Statement, the Company shall be obligated to use its reasonable efforts to advocate with the SEC for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement or files a New Registration Statement, as the case may be, under clauses (B) or (C) above, the Company will use its reasonable efforts to file with the SEC, as promptly as allowed by the SEC, one or more Registration Statements on Form S-1 or, if the Company is a Seasoned Issuer at the time of filing, on Form S-3, or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended, or the New Registration Statement (the Remainder Registration Statements). 

(b)Suspension Period. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to defer the filing of (but not the preparation of), or suspend the use by the Holder of, any Registration Statement for the shortest period possible, in no event to exceed 30 days (i) upon issuance by the SEC of a stop order suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement with respect to Registrable Securities or the initiation of proceedings with respect to such Registration Statement under Section 9(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act; or (ii) if the Company believes in good faith that any such registration or offering would require the Company (after consultation with external legal counsel), under applicable securities laws and other laws, to make disclosure of material nonpublic information that would not otherwise be required to be disclosed at that time that would be materially adverse to the Company (any such period, a Suspension Period); provided, that in no event shall the Company declare Suspension Periods lasting more than 60 days in the aggregate in any 12 month period. The Company shall (i) give prompt written notice to the Holder of its declaration of a Suspension Period and of the expiration or termination of the relevant Suspension Period and (ii) promptly resume the process of filing or requesting for effectiveness, or update the suspended Registration Statement, as the case may be, as may be necessary to permit the Holder to offer and sell its Registrable Securities in accordance with applicable law.

(c)Required Information. The Company may require the Holder of Registrable Securities as to which any Registration Statement is being filed or sale is being effected to furnish to the Company such information regarding the intended method of distribution of such securities and such other information relating to the Holder and its ownership of Registrable Securities as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing (provided that such information shall be used only in connection with such registration). The Holder agrees to furnish such information to the Company and to cooperate with the Company as reasonably necessary to enable the Company to comply with the provisions of this Agreement.

6

(d)Cessation of Registration Rights. All registration rights granted under this Section 2 shall continue to be applicable with respect to the Holder until the Holder no longer holds any Registrable Securities.

3.Registration Procedures. The procedures to be followed by the Company and the Holder to register the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement in accordance with this Agreement, and the respective rights and obligations of the Company and the Holder with respect to the preparation, filing and effectiveness of such Registration Statement, are as follows:

(a)The Company shall (i) prepare and file a Registration Statement with the SEC (within the time period specified in Section 2(a)) which Registration Statement (A) shall be on a form required by this Agreement (or if not so required, selected by the Company) for which the Company qualifies, (B) shall be available for the sale of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method or methods of distribution, and (C) shall comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the applicable form and include and/or incorporate by reference all financial statements required by the SEC to be filed therewith, (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective for the period provided under Section 2(a), (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the occurrence of any event that would cause a Registration Statement to contain a material misstatement or omission or to be not effective and usable for resale of the Registrable Securities registered pursuant thereto (during the period that such Registration Statement is required to be effective as provided under Section 2(a)), and (iv) cause each Registration Statement and the related Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, as of the effective date of such Registration Statement, amendment or supplement, (x) to comply in all material respects with any requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC and (y) not to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (provided, however, the Company shall have no liability for any information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Holder to the Company specifically for inclusion in (including by incorporation by reference) any such Registration Statement that has not been corrected in a subsequent writing to the Company prior to the filing or other disclosure of such information). The Company will, (1) at least three Business Days prior to the anticipated filing of a Registration Statement or any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any documents incorporated by reference therein), furnish to the Holder and its counsel copies of all such documents proposed to be filed and make such representatives of the Company as shall be reasonably requested by the Holder available for discussion of such documents, (2) use its reasonable best efforts to address in each such document prior to being so filed with the SEC such comments as the Holder or its counsel reasonably shall propose within two Business Days of receipt of such copies by the Holder and (3) not file any Registration Statement or any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto containing information regarding the Holder to which the Holder objects, unless such information is required to comply with any applicable law or regulation.

(b)The Company will as promptly as reasonably practicable (i) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements to each Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as (A) may be reasonably 

7

requested by the Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement necessary to permit the Holder to sell in accordance with its intended method of distribution, including as may be required in connection with any underwritten distribution of Registrable Securities or (B) may be necessary under applicable law to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered thereby for the period provided under Section 2(a) in accordance with the intended method of distribution and, subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, prepare and file with the SEC such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities held by the Holder, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required prospectus supplement, and as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, (iii) respond to any comments received from the SEC with respect to each Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment thereto, (iv) as promptly as reasonably practicable, provide the Holder true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the SEC relating to such Registration Statement or Prospectus other than any comments that the Company determines in good faith would result in the disclosure to the Holder of material non-public information concerning the Company that is not already in the possession of the Holder and (v) enter into such customary agreements (including, as applicable, underwriting agreements in customary form) and take all such other actions as the Holder, the underwriters, if any, reasonably request in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of Registrable Securities under such Registration Statement or Prospectus and otherwise to facilitate, cooperate with and participate in each proposed offering contemplated herein and customary selling efforts related thereto. The Company will comply in all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (including Regulation M under the Exchange Act) with respect to each Registration Statement and the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement.

(c)The Company will notify the Holder as promptly as practicable: (i)(A) when a Registration Statement, any pre-effective amendment, any Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed; (B) when the SEC notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and whenever the SEC comments on such Registration Statement (in which case the Company shall provide true and complete copies thereof and all written responses thereto to the Holder and its counsel, other than information which the Company determines in good faith would constitute material non-public information that is not already in the possession of the Holder); and (C) with respect to each Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, when the same has been declared effective; (ii) of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental or regulatory authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information (whether before or after the effective date of the Registration Statement) or any other correspondence with the SEC or any such authority relating to, or which may affect, the Registration Statement; (iii) of the issuance by the SEC or any other governmental or regulatory authority of any stop order, injunction or other order or requirement suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus or the initiation or threatening of any Proceedings for such purpose; (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose; or (v) of the occurrence of any event that makes any statement made in such 

8

Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or if, as a result of such event or the passage of time, such Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents requires revisions so that, in the case of such Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of the Prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or if, for any other reason, it shall be necessary during such time period to amend or supplement such Registration Statement or Prospectus in order to comply with the Securities Act, which shall correct such misstatement or omission or effect such compliance.

(d)The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, as promptly as practicable, or if any such order or suspension is made effective during any Suspension Period, as promptly as practicable after the Suspension Period is over.

(e)During the Shelf Period, upon request of the Holder and without charge, the Company shall furnish to the Holder and its counsel, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at least one copy of the Registration Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including all documents incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits to the extent requested by the Holder or its counsel, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any amendment(s) to a Registration Statement, a copy of the prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Holder may reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as the Holder may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Holder. 

(f)The Company will promptly deliver to the Holder and its counsel as many copies of each Prospectus or Prospectuses (including each form of prospectus) and each amendment or supplement thereto as the Holder or its counsel may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities by the Holder. The Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by the Holder in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, so long as the same are used in compliance with the Securities Act and all other applicable laws and regulations.

(g)To the extent that the Company has certificated shares of Common Stock, the Company will cooperate with the Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free of all restrictive legends indicating that the Registrable Securities are unregistered or unqualified for resale under the Securities Act, Exchange Act or other applicable securities laws, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Holder may request in writing. In connection 

9

therewith, if required by the Companys transfer agent, the Company will promptly, after the effective date of the Registration Statement, cause an opinion of counsel as to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be delivered to and maintained with such transfer agent, together with any other authorizations, certificates and directions required by the transfer agent which authorize and direct the transfer agent to issue such Registrable Securities without any such legend upon sale by the Holder of such Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement.

(h)Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(c)(v), as promptly as practicable, the Company will prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, if required by applicable law, to the affected Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, no Registration Statement nor any Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of a Prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, such that the Holder can resume disposition of such Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement or Prospectus.

(i)The Company will comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, the Trading Market and FINRA.

(j)The Holder agrees by its acquisition of Registrable Securities that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in clauses (ii) through (v) of Section 3(c) or the occurrence of a Suspension Period, the Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under the applicable Registration Statement until the Holders receipt of the copies of the supplemental Prospectus or amended Registration Statement or until it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and, in either case, has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings that are incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus or Registration Statement. In the event the Company shall give any such notice, the period during which the applicable Registration Statement is required to be maintained effective shall be extended by the number of days during the period from and including the date of the giving of such notice to and including the date when the Holder either receives the copies of the supplemented Prospectus or amended Registration Statement or is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed.

(k)If such Registrable Securities are to be sold by any method or in any transaction other than on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market, in privately negotiated transactions, or in a combination of such methods, the Holder shall notify the Company at least five Business Days prior to the date on which the Holder first offers to sell any such Registrable Securities.

4.Registration Expenses. All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with any registration, qualification, exemption or compliance pursuant to Section 2.1(a) hereof shall be borne by the Company.

5.Indemnification.

10

(a)To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Holder, its partners, stockholders, equity holders, general partners, managers, members and Affiliates and each of their respective officers and directors and any Person who controls the Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act) and any employee or Representative thereof (each, a Company Indemnified Person and collectively, Company Indemnified Persons), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, costs (including reasonable costs of preparation and reasonable attorneys, accountants and experts fees) and expenses, judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising from any claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which any Company Indemnified Person may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out of, based upon, resulting from or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which any Registrable Securities were registered, Prospectus (including in any preliminary prospectus (if used prior to the effective date of such Registration Statement)), or in any summary or final prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference in any of the foregoing or (ii) any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein (in the case of the Prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation promulgated under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any federal, state, foreign or common law rule or regulation in connection with such Registration Statement, disclosure document or related document or report or any offering covered by such Registration Statement, and the Company shall reimburse such Company Indemnified Person for any reasonable legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by it in connection with investigating or defending any such Loss, claim, damage, liability, demand, action, suit or proceeding (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) being, collectively, Company Violations). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 5(a): (A) shall not apply to a Loss by a Company Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Company Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Holder or such Company Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of such Registration Statement, such preliminary, summary or final prospectus or such amendment or supplement, or other disclosure document; (B) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such person from whom the person asserting any such Loss purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any other Company Indemnified Person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, if such revised prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(f) prior to the purchase of such Registrable Securities, and the Company Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a violation; (C) shall not be available to the extent such Loss is based on a failure of the Holder to deliver, or to cause to be delivered, the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was theretofore made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(f); and (D) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Loss if such settlement is effected without the prior 

11

written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

(b)In connection with any Registration Statement filed by the Company pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof in which the Holder has registered for sale its Registrable Securities, the Holder agrees to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company, its directors and officers, employees, agents and each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act) (collectively, Holder Indemnified Persons, and together with the Company Indemnified Persons, each an Indemnified Person, and collectively, the Indemnified Persons) from and against any Losses resulting from (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which such Registrable Securities were registered or sold under the Securities Act, Prospectus (including in any preliminary prospectus (if used prior to the effective date of such Registration Statement)), or in any summary or final prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any documents incorporated by reference in any of the foregoing, or (ii) any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of the Prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with any information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Holder specifically for inclusion in such registration, disclosure document or related document or report and has not been corrected in a subsequent writing prior to the sale of the Registrable Securities thereunder, and the Holder will reimburse the Company for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by it in connection with investigating or defending such Losses. In no event shall the liability of the Holder hereunder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds (after deducting the underwriters discounts and commissions) received by the Holder under the sale of Registrable Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

(c)Any Indemnified Person under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 5 shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying person under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 5 of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that any delay or failure to so notify the indemnifying person shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations hereunder except to the extent, if at all, that the indemnifying persons ability to defend such claim (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) is actually and materially prejudiced by reason of such delay or failure) and (ii) permit such indemnifying person to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person; provided, however, that any Indemnified Person shall have the right to select and employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless (A) the indemnifying person has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (B) the Indemnified Person has reasonably concluded (based upon advice of its counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other Indemnified Persons that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying person, or (C) in the reasonable judgment of any such Indemnified Person (based upon advice of its counsel) a conflict of interest may exist between such Indemnified Person and the indemnifying person with respect to such claims (in which case, if the Indemnified Person notifies the indemnifying person in writing that such Indemnified Person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying person, 

12

the indemnifying person shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such Indemnified Person). If any action is settled or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying person agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Person from and against any Losses by reason of such settlement or judgment. No action may be settled without the written consent of the Indemnified Person, provided that the consent of the Indemnified Person shall not be required if (x) such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person in form and substance satisfactory to such Indemnified Person from all liability on the claims that are the subject matter of such settlement; (y) such settlement provides solely for the payment by the indemnifying person of money as the sole relief for such action and (z) such settlement does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. It is understood that the indemnifying person or persons shall not, except as specifically set forth in this Section 5(c), in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements or other charges of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel that is required to effectively defend against any such proceeding) for all Indemnified Persons and that all such fees and expenses shall be paid or reimbursed promptly.

(d)If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 is held by a court of a competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an Indemnified Person with respect to any loss, damage, claim or liability, the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall to the extent permitted by law, contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such loss, damage, claim or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party on the one hand and of the Indemnified Person on the other in connection with the actions that resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying person and of the Indemnified Person shall be determined by a court of law by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the indemnifying person or Indemnified Person and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Parties agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentences. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5(d), the Holder shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the net proceeds (after deducting the underwriters discounts and commissions) received by the Holder under the sale of Registrable Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

(e)The remedies provided for in this Section 5 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity. The obligations of the Company and the Holder under this Section 5 shall survive completion of any offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement and the termination of this Agreement.

13

6.Facilitation of Sales Pursuant to Rule 144. The Company shall timely file the reports required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act and the rules adopted by the SEC thereunder (including the reports under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act referred to in subparagraph (c)(1) of Rule 144), all to the extent required from time to time to enable the Holder to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitations of the exemption provided by Rule 144. Upon the written request of the Holder in connection with that Holders sale pursuant to Rule 144, the Company shall deliver to the Holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

7.Registration Rights Covenant. The Company covenants that it will not, and it will cause its Subsidiaries not to, grant any right of registration under the Securities Act to any Person other than pursuant to this Agreement, unless the rights so granted to another Person do not limit or restrict the rights of the Holder hereunder.

8.Miscellaneous.

(a)Notices. All notices and other communications in connection with this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, sent via electronic mail (with confirmation), mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) or delivered by an express courier (with confirmation) to the Parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as may be specified by like notice):

If to the Company:

Akoya Biosciences, Inc.

100 Campus Drive, 6th Floor

Marlborough, MA 01752

Attention: Jennifer Kamocsay, Chief Legal Officer

Email: jkamocsay@akoyabio.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

DLA Piper LLP (US)

4365 Executive Drive, Suite 1100

San Diego, California 92121-2133

Attention: David M. Clark

Patrick J. OMalley

Email: david.clark@us.dlapiper.com

patrick.omalley@us.dlapiper.com

If to the Holder:

Quanterix Corporation

900 Middlesex Turnpike

Billerica, MA

Attention: Legal Department

Email: legal@quanterix.com

14

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Covington & Burling LLP

One CityCenter

800 Tenth Street, N.W.

Washington, District of Columbia 20001

Attention: Kerry S. Burke

Catherine Dargan

Kyle Rabe

Email: kburke@cov.com

cdargan@cov.com

krabe@cov.com

(b)Assignment; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall be enforceable by and inure solely to the benefit of, the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any rights, interests or obligations hereunder may be assigned by any Party without the prior written consent of all other Parties, and any attempted assignment of this Agreement or any of such rights, interests or obligations without such consent shall be void and of no effect. The Company and Holder agree that (i) their respective representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein are solely for the benefit of the other Parties, in accordance with and subject to the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) this Agreement is not intended to, and does not, confer upon any Person other than the Parties any rights or remedies hereunder, including the right to rely upon the representations and warranties set forth herein

(c)Entire Agreement; Counterparts. This Agreement (including the exhibits and schedules hereto and the documents and instruments referred to in this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among or between any of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts (including counterparts delivered by electronic transmission in .pdf format), each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

(d)Applicable Law; Jurisdiction. 

(i)This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the Laws of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction that would call for the application of the substantive Laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

(ii)The Parties agree that the appropriate, exclusive and convenient forum (the Forum) for any disputes among any of the Parties arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except where such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction. In such event, the Forum shall be the United States District Court for the District of Delaware or, in the event such federal district court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, then the Superior Court in the State of Delaware. The Parties irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts solely in respect of 

15

any disputes between them arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Parties further agree that no Party shall bring suit with respect to any disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court or jurisdiction other than the above specified courts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8(d)(ii) shall limit the rights of any Party to obtain execution of a judgment in any other jurisdiction outside of those specified in this Section 8(d)(ii), and the Parties further agree, to the extent permitted by Law, that a final and non-appealable judgment against any Party in any action, suit or proceeding contemplated above shall be conclusive and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction within or outside the U.S. by suit on the judgment, a certified or exemplified copy of which shall be conclusive evidence of the fact and amount of such judgment.

(iii)To the extent that any Party has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with respect to itself or its property, each such Party hereby irrevocably (i) waives such immunity in respect of its obligations with respect to this Agreement and (ii) submits to the personal jurisdiction of each court described in Section 8(d)(ii).

(e)Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

(f)Waivers and Amendments; Severability.

(i)No failure on the part of any Party to exercise any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, and no delay on the part of any Party in exercising any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, shall operate as a waiver of such power, right, privilege or remedy, and no single or partial exercise of any such power, right, privilege or remedy shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right, privilege or remedy.

(ii)No Party shall be deemed to have waived any claim arising out of this Agreement, or any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, unless the waiver of such claim, power, right, privilege or remedy is expressly set forth in a written instrument duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party, and any such waiver shall not be applicable or have any effect except in the specific instance in which it is given.

(iii)Any provision of this Agreement may be amended if, and only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed by Holder and the Company.

16

(iv)The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any Person or any circumstance, is invalid or unenforceable, (i) a suitable and equitable provision shall be substituted therefor to carry out, so far as may be valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or unenforceable provision and (ii) the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances shall not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity or unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability of such provision, or the application thereof, in any other jurisdiction; provided, that, if any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall be determined to be excessively broad as to activity, subject, duration or geographic scope, it shall be reformed by limiting and reducing it to the minimum extent necessary, so as to be enforceable under applicable law.

(g)Specific Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed by the Company or Holder in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached by the Company or Holder. It is accordingly agreed that (a) the Company shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement by Holder and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, in each case, without proof of actual damages, against Holder in any court having jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which the Company is entitled at law or in equity, without posting any bond or other undertaking, and (b) Holder shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement by the Company and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, in each case, without proof of actual damages, against the Company in any court having jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which Holder is entitled at law or in equity, without posting any bond or other undertaking. For the avoidance of doubt, the Companys or Holders pursuit of specific performance at any time will not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any other right or remedy to which such Party may be entitled, including the right to pursue remedies for liabilities or damages incurred or suffered by the other Party in the case of a breach of this Agreement involving fraud or an intentional and material breach. The Parties acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 8(g) are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, neither the Company nor Holder would enter into this Agreement.

(h)Business Days. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall be a day other than a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

(i)Determination of Ownership. In determining ownership of Common Stock hereunder for any purpose, the Company may rely solely on the records of the transfer agent for the Common Stock from time to time, or, if no such transfer agent exists, the Companys stock ledger.

17

[Signature Pages Follow]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

AKOYA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

QUANTERIX CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex104-formofsubordinationa.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.4

FORM OF SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT

This SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of this [] day of [], 202[], by and among QUANTERIX CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (Subordinated Lender), AKOYA BIOSCIENCES, INC., a Delaware corporation (Borrower), and MIDCAP FINANCIAL TRUST, a Delaware statutory trust, as Agent for the financial institutions or other entities from time to time parties to the Senior Loan Agreement (as hereinafter defined) (acting in such capacity, Agent), and as a Lender, or such then present holder or holders of the Senior Loan (as hereinafter defined) as may from time to time exist (the Lenders, and collectively with the Agent, the Senior Lenders). 

RECITALS

A. Borrower and Senior Lenders have entered into a Credit and Security Agreement (Term Loan) dated as of October 27, 2020 (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Senior Loan Agreement) pursuant to which, among other things, Senior Lenders have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Senior Loan Agreement, to make certain loans and financial accommodations to Borrower and the other Credit Parties. All of Borrowers obligations to Senior Lenders under the Senior Loan Agreement and the other Senior Loan Documents (as hereinafter defined) are secured by liens on and security interests in substantially all of the now existing and hereafter acquired personal property of Borrower (all collateral, real and personal, now or hereafter encumbered by the lien of any Senior Loan Document is herein referred to collectively as the Collateral). Borrower and any other Credit Party (as defined in the Senior Loan Agreement) may each be referred to herein as a Credit Party and collectively as Credit Parties. All other capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Senior Loan Agreement.

B. Subordinated Lender has extended to Borrower, or may in the future extend to Borrower, loans and other financial accommodations or Borrower may become obligated to the Subordinated Lender for the payment of money. 

C. As an inducement to permit Borrowers incurrence of the Subordinated Loans and to induce the Senior Lenders to continue to extend to Borrower the financial accommodations set forth in the Senior Loan Agreement, Agent and Senior Lenders have required the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Subordinated Lender and Borrower in order to set forth the relative rights and priorities of Senior Lenders and Subordinated Lender under the Senior Loan Documents and the Subordinated Loan Documents (as hereinafter defined).

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce Senior Lenders to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Senior Loan Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1. Definitions. The following terms shall have the following meanings in this Agreement:

Bankruptcy Codemeans Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Conversion Shares means all shares, units, securities or other equity interest into which the Subordinated Loans may be converted pursuant the applicable Subordinated Loan Documents.

Distribution means, with respect to any indebtedness, (a) any payment or distribution by any Person of cash, securities or other property, by set-off or otherwise, on account of such indebtedness or obligation, (b) any redemption, purchase or other acquisition of such indebtedness or obligation by any Person, or (c) the granting of any lien or security interest to or for the benefit of the holders of such indebtedness or obligation in or upon any property of any Person. 

Enforcement Action means (a) to take from or for the account of any Credit Party or any guarantor of the Subordinated Loans, by set-off or in any other manner, the whole or any part of any moneys which may now or hereafter be owing by any Credit Party or any such guarantor with respect to the Subordinated Loans; (b) to sue for payment of, or to initiate or participate with others in any suit, action or proceeding against any Credit Party or any such guarantor (including any initiation of any Proceeding against any Credit Party or such guarantor) to (i) enforce payment of or to collect the whole or any part of the Subordinated Loans, or (ii) commence judicial enforcement of any of the rights and remedies under the Subordinated Loan Documents or applicable law with respect to the Subordinated Loan, including, without limitation, any judicial proceedings to obtain possession of any premises leased by any Credit Party or any such Guarantor; (c) to accelerate the Subordinated Loans (except for a Subordinated Debt Conversion); (d) to sell, license, lease, or otherwise dispose of (or solicit bid from any other Person to sell, license, lease or otherwise dispose of) all or any portion of any Collateral, any other assets of any Credit Party or any such Guarantor, or any other collateral whatsoever, by private or public sale, other disposition or any other means permissible under applicable law; (e) to exercise any put option or to cause any Credit Party or any such guarantor to honor any redemption or mandatory prepayment obligation under any Subordinated Loan Document (except for a Subordinated Debt Conversion); (f) to notify account debtors or directly collect accounts receivable or other payment rights of any Credit Party or any such guarantor; (g) to engage or retain sales brokers, marketing agents, investment bankers, accountants, appraisers, auctioneers or other third parties for the purposes of valuing, marketing, promoting and selling any Collateral, any other assets of any Credit Party, or any other collateral whatsoever; (h) to exercise any other right relating to any Collateral, any other assets of any Credit Party, or any other collateral whatsoever (including the exercise of any voting rights relating to any capital stock and including any right of recoupment or set-off or to exercise any self-help remedies including rights as a landlord under a lease); or (i) take any action under the provisions of any state or federal law, including, without limitation, the Uniform Commercial Code, or under any contract or agreement, to enforce, foreclose upon, take possession of or sell any property or assets of any Credit Party or any such guarantor including the Collateral; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Enforcement Action shall not include the exercise by Subordinated Lender of any rights that it has pursuant to and in respect of any agreement that is not a Subordinated Loan Document, including but not limited to the Merger Agreement. 

Merger Agreement means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 9, 2005, by and among the Subordinated Lender, Borrower and Wellfleet Merger Sub, Inc. as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time.

Paid in Full or Payment in Full means, with respect to the Senior Debt, the full and indefeasible payment in cash and satisfaction in full of all of the obligations under the Senior Loan Documents (including the Obligations (as defined in the Senior Loan Agreement)) (other than inchoate indemnification obligations for which no claim has yet been made), and the termination of all obligations of Agent and Senior Lenders under the Senior Loan Documents (including, without limitation, any commitment to lend), and the termination of the Senior Loan Documents.

Permitted Subordinated Loan Paymentsmeans payments of regularly scheduled interest of the Subordinated Loan, in each case solely to the extent such interest is due and payable on a 

-2-

non-accelerated basis in accordance with the terms of Subordinated Loan Documents in effect as of the date hereof to the extent permitted to be made pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Agreement.

Personmeans any natural person, corporation, general or limited partnership, limited liability company, firm, trust, association, government, governmental agency or other entity, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity.

Proceeding means any voluntary or involuntary insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, custodianship, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, assignment for the benefit of creditors, appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers, any sale, transfer or other disposition of assets pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code or similar statutory authority or any other proceeding for the liquidation, dissolution or other winding up of a Person. 

Senior Debt means the Senior Loans and all other obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of every nature of any Credit Party from time to time owed to Senior Lenders under the Senior Loan Documents, whether now existing or hereafter created, including, without limitation, the principal amount of all debts, claims, reimbursement obligations, and indebtedness, accrued and unpaid interest and all fees, costs, indemnities and expenses, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise, heretofore, now and from time to time hereafter owing, due or payable, whether before or after the filing of a Proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code, together with (a) any amendments, modifications, renewals or extensions thereof, and (b) any interest accruing thereon after the commencement of a Proceeding, without regard to whether or not such interest is an allowed claim. 

Senior Loan Documents means the Senior Loan Agreement, each promissory note or other instruments evidencing the Senior Loan or the obligation to pay the Senior Loan, any guaranty with respect to the Senior Loan, any security agreement or other collateral document securing the Senior Loan (including, without limitation, the Senior Loan Agreement), and all other documents, agreements and instruments now existing or hereafter entered into evidencing or pertaining to all or any portion of the Senior Loans, including any document, instrument or agreement entered in connection with a debtor in possession financing in which a Senior Lender or an affiliate thereof is a lender thereunder, in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented, refinanced, or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Senior Loans means (a) all loans, advances or other extensions of credit by Senior Lenders to or for the benefit of Borrower under the Senior Loan Agreement and (b) all other Obligations (as defined in the Senior Loan Agreement). 

Subordinated Debt Conversionmeansanyconversion of the Subordinated Loans into Conversion Shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Subordinated Loan Documents, but only so long as no cash is paid by the Credit Parties in connection with the consummation of such conversion (other than the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares as set forth in the Subordinated Loan Documents or payments that otherwise constitute Permitted Subordinated Loan Payments). 

Subordinated Loan Documents means the Subordinated Securities Purchase Agreement, the Subordinated Notes, any other promissory note, lease or other instrument or agreement evidencing or relating to the indebtedness or other obligations under or in respect of the Subordinated Loans or the obligation to pay the Subordinated Loans, any guaranty with respect to the Subordinated Loans, any security agreement or other collateral document securing the Subordinated Loans, any agreements or document related to or governing the rights of the holders of the Conversion Shares issued in connection with any Subordinated Debt Conversion and all other documents, agreements and instruments 

-3-

now existing or hereafter entered into evidencing or pertaining to all or any portion of the Subordinated Loans. 

Subordinated Loans means all obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of every nature of any Credit Party from time to time owed to any Subordinated Lender, including the obligations under the Subordinated Loan Documents, whether now existing or hereafter created, including, without limitation, the principal amount of all debts, claims (including, without limitation, indemnification rights arising in Subordinated Lenders capacity as a shareholder, officer, director, member and/or partner of any Credit Party and any right of Subordinated Lender to a return of any capital contributed to any Credit Party) and indebtedness, accrued and unpaid interest and all fees, costs and expenses, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise, heretofore, now and from time to time hereafter owing, due or payable, whether before or after the filing of a Proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code together with any amendments, modifications, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Subordinated Loans shall not include any rights, obligations or liabilities of Borrower or the Subordinated Lender pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

Subordinated Notes means each of those certain Convertible Promissory Notes issued by Borrower in favor of Subordinated Lender pursuant to the Subordinated Securities Purchase Agreement in the form attached thereto (as amended, restated, supplemented and otherwise modified in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) and any other promissory notes or similar debt instruments issued from time to time by any Credit Party to a Subordinated Lender. 

Subordinated Securities Purchase Agreement that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, entered into among Borrower and the Subordinated Lender (as amended, restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof and after the date hereof in accordance with the terms of this Agreement).

2. Subordination.

2.1. Subordination of Subordinated Loans to Senior Debt. Each Credit Party covenants and agrees, and each Subordinated Lender likewise covenants and agrees, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any of the Subordinated Loan Documents, that the payment of any and all of the Subordinated Loans shall be subordinate and subject in right and time of payment, to the extent and in the manner hereinafter set forth, to the Payment in Full of all Senior Debt. Each holder of the Senior Debt, whether now outstanding or hereafter created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed, shall be deemed to have acquired the Senior Debt in reliance upon the provisions contained in this Agreement. All of the Senior Debt shall first be Paid in Full before any Distribution (other than a Subordinated Debt Conversion), whether in cash, securities or other property, shall be made to any Subordinated Lender on account of any Subordinated Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower may issue, and Subordinated Lenders may accept, Conversion Shares in connection with a Subordinated Debt Conversion.

2.2. Subordinated Debt Payment Restrictions. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1 hereinabove, Permitted Subordinated Loan Payments may be made by the Borrower or accepted by Subordinated Lenders, but only if, at the time of such payment, no Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Senior Loan Documents) exists and no Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Senior Loan Documents) would be created or result by reason of such payment.

2.3. Subordinated Loan Standstill. Until the Senior Debt is Paid in Full, no Subordinated Lender shall, without the prior written consent of Agent, take any Enforcement Action with respect to all or any portion of the Subordinated Loans.

-4-

2.4.Incorrect Payments. If any Distribution on account of the Subordinated Loans not permitted to be made by any Credit Party or accepted by a Subordinated Lender under this Agreement is so made by a Credit Party and received by a Subordinated Lender, such Distribution shall not be commingled with any of the assets of such Subordinated Lender, shall be held in trust by such Subordinated Lender for the benefit of Senior Lenders, and shall be promptly paid over to Agent for the benefit of Senior Lenders for application in accordance with the Senior Loan Documents to the payment of the Senior Debt then remaining unpaid, until all of the Senior Debt is Paid in Full.

2.5.Subordination of Liens and Security Interests; Agreement Not to Contest; Agreement to Release any Liens.

(a) Each Subordinated Lender hereby acknowledges, agrees, represents and warrants that none of the Subordinated Loans nor any portion thereof is, as of the date hereof or at any time in the future shall be, secured by any lien or security interest in any of the Collateral, the equity interests in any Credit Party or any other asset of a Credit Party, or guaranteed by any Credit Party. Without limiting the foregoing and solely for the avoidance of doubt in the event any lien arises, until the Senior Debt has been Paid in Full, all liens and security interests of Subordinated Lender in the Collateral shall be and hereby are subordinated for all purposes and in all respects to the liens and security interests of Senior Lenders in the Collateral, regardless of the time, manner or order of perfection of any such liens and security interests and regardless of any failure, whether intervening or continuing, of Senior Lenders liens and security interests to be perfected; provided, however, that each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the existence of any lien or security interest of any Subordinated Lender would constitute an automatic and immediate Event of Default under the Senior Loan Agreement and a breach of this Agreement. 

(b) Each Subordinated Lender agrees that it will not at any time contest the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Senior Debt, the Senior Loan Documents, or the liens and security interests of Senior Lenders in the Collateral securing the Senior Debt. 

(c) In the event that any lien or security interest arises in favor of any Subordinated Lender in any of the Collateral, then promptly upon Agents request, Subordinated Lender shall (or shall cause its agent to) promptly execute and/or deliver to Agent such termination statements and releases as Agent shall reasonably request to effect the release of the liens and security interests of such Subordinated Lender in such Collateral. In furtherance of the foregoing, each Subordinated Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Agent its attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Subordinated Lender and in the name of such Subordinated Lender or otherwise, to execute, deliver and/or file any document or instrument which Subordinated Lender may be required to deliver pursuant to this subsection 2.5.

2.6. [Reserved].

2.7. Application of Proceeds from Sale or other Disposition of the Collateral; Agreement to Release Liens.

(a)In the event of any sale, transfer or other disposition (including a casualty loss or taking through eminent domain) of the Collateral, the proceeds resulting therefrom (including insurance proceeds) shall be applied in accordance with the terms of the Senior Loan Documents or as otherwise consented to by Agent until such time as the Senior Debt is Paid in Full. 

(b) Without affecting the rights of Agent or Senior Lenders under this Agreement, Subordinated Lender agrees and consents that any Collateral securing the Subordinated Loans, 

-5-

in whole or in part, may be exchanged, sold or surrendered by Agent for other Collateral as it may deem advisable, and that any balance or balances of funds with Agent at any time outstanding to the credit of Borrower may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be surrendered or released by Agent as it may deem advisable, subject, however, to the terms of the Senior Loan Documents. In the event that Agent has determined to enforce its rights against any Collateral (including any sale, discounting or settlement by compromise of all or any portion of the Collateral), then upon Agents request, Subordinated Lender shall promptly execute and/or deliver to Agent such termination statements and releases as Agent may reasonably request to effect the release of the liens and security interests of Subordinated Lender in any such Collateral. In furtherance of the foregoing, Subordinated Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Agent its attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of Subordinated Lender and in the name of Subordinated Lender or otherwise, to execute and/or deliver any document or instrument which Subordinated Lender may be required to execute, deliver and/or file pursuant to this subsection 2.7(b).

(c) Other than the disposal of the Subordinated Loans in connection with the Subordinated Debt Conversion, no Subordinated Lender shall sell, assign, pledge, dispose of or otherwise transfer all or any portion of the Subordinated Loans or any Subordinated Loan Document without the prior written consent of Agent, which consent may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion.

2.8. Legends. Until the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 8 hereof, each Subordinated Lender will cause to be clearly, conspicuously and prominently inserted on the face of each Subordinated Loan Document, a legend, in form acceptable to Agent, stating that the Subordinated Loan Document is subject to the terms of this Agreement.

2.9. Liquidation, Dissolution, Bankruptcy.In the event of any Proceeding involving any Credit Party:

(a) Any Distribution, whether in cash, securities or other property which would otherwise, but for the terms hereof, be payable or deliverable in respect of the Subordinated Loans shall be paid or delivered directly to Agent (to be held and/or applied by Senior Lenders in accordance with the terms of the Senior Loan Documents) until all of the Senior Debt is Paid in Full. Each Subordinated Lender irrevocably authorizes, empowers and directs any debtor, debtor in possession, receiver, trustee, liquidator, custodian, conservator or other Person having authority, to pay or otherwise deliver all such Distributions to Agent. 

(b) Each Subordinated Lender agrees that Agent may consent to the use of cash collateral or provide financing to any Credit Party on such terms and conditions and in such amounts as Agent, in its sole discretion, may decide and, in connection therewith, any Credit Party may grant to Agent for the benefit of Senior Lenders liens and security interests upon all of the property of any Credit Party, which liens and security interests (i) shall secure payment of the Senior Debt (whether such Senior Debt arose prior to the commencement of any Proceeding or at any time thereafter) and all other financing provided by Senior Lenders during the Proceeding, and (ii) shall be superior in priority to the liens and security interests, if any, in favor of each such Subordinated Lender on the property of any Credit Party. Each Subordinated Lender agrees not to assert any right it may have to adequate protection of Subordinated Lenders interest in any Collateral in any Proceeding and agrees that it will not seek to have the automatic stay lifted with respect to any Collateral without the prior written consent of Agent. No Subordinated Lender may, directly or indirectly, provide or propose, or support any other Person in providing or proposing, any debtor-in-possession financing (including any debt secured by liens on all or any portion of the Collateral pursuant to section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code) to any Credit Party or any affiliate thereof.

-6-

(c) The Senior Debt shall continue to be treated as the Senior Debt and the provisions of this Agreement shall continue to govern the relative rights and priorities of Senior Lenders and Subordinated Lenders even if all or part of the Senior Debt or the security interests securing the Senior Debt are subordinated, set aside, avoided, invalidated or disallowed in connection with any such Proceeding, and this Agreement shall be reinstated if at any time any payment of any of the Senior Debt is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by any holder of the Senior Debt or any representative of such holder.

(d) This Agreement is a subordination agreement under section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and shall be enforceable in any Insolvency Proceeding.

3. Modifications.

3.1. Modifications to Senior Loan Documents.Senior Lenders may at any time and from time to time without the consent of or notice to Subordinated Lenders, without incurring liability to Subordinated Lenders and without impairing or releasing the obligations of Subordinated Lenders under this Agreement, change the manner or place of payment or extend the time of payment of or renew or increase the Senior Debt or alter any of the terms of the Senior Debt, or otherwise amend, modify or supplement in any manner whatsoever any Senior Loan Document. 

3.2. Modifications to Subordinated Loan Documents.Until the Senior Debt has been Paid in Full, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Subordinated Loan Documents, no Subordinated Lender shall, without the prior written consent of Agent, agree to or suffer to exist any amendment, modification or supplement to the Subordinated Loan Documents. 

4. Waiver of Certain Rights by Subordinated Lenders.

4.1. Marshaling.Each Subordinated Lender hereby waives any rights it may have under applicable law to assert the doctrine of marshaling or to otherwise require Agent or Senior Lenders to marshal any property of any Credit Party or any guarantor of the Senior Debt for the benefit of such Subordinated Lender.

4.2. Rights Relating to Agents Actions with respect to the Collateral.Each Subordinated Lender hereby waives, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any rights which it may have to enjoin or otherwise obtain a judicial or administrative order preventing Agent from taking, or refraining from taking, any action with respect to all or any part of the Collateral. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Subordinated Lender hereby agrees (a) that it has no right to direct or object to the manner in which Agent applies the proceeds of the Collateral resulting from the exercise by Agent of rights and remedies under the Senior Loan Documents to the Senior Debt, and (b) that Agent has not assumed any obligation to act as the agent for such Subordinated Lender with respect to the Collateral. 

4.3. Rights Relating to Disclosures.EachSubordinated Lender hereby agrees that Senior Lenders have not assumed any obligation or duty to disclose information regarding any Credit Party or the Senior Debt to Subordinated Lenders, and Senior Lenders shall have no special or fiduciary relationship to Subordinated Lenders. Each Subordinated Lender hereby fully waives and releases Senior Lenders from any affirmative disclosures which may be required of Senior Lenders under applicable law.

5. Construction.The terms of this Agreement were negotiated among business persons sophisticated in the area of business finance, and accordingly, in construing the terms of this Agreement, no 

-7-

rule or law which would require that this instrument be construed against the party who drafted this instrument shall be given any force or effect. 

6. Modification of this Agreement. Any modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, or any consent to any departure by any party from the terms hereof, shall not be effective in any event unless the same is in writing and signed by Agent and each Subordinated Lender to be bound thereby, and then such modification, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose given. Any notice to or demand on any party hereto in any event not specifically required hereunder shall not entitle the party receiving such notice or demand to any other or further notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances unless specifically required hereunder.

7. Further Assurances. Each Credit Party and each Subordinated Lender hereby agree to execute such documents and/or take such further action as the Senior Lenders may at any time or times reasonably request in order to carry out the provisions and intent of this Agreement, including, without limitation, ratifications and confirmations of this Agreement from time to time hereafter, as and when reasonably requested by the Senior Lenders.

8. Continuing Agreement. This Agreement is a continuing agreement and will remain in full force and effect until all of the obligations under the Senior Loan Documents have been Paid in Full and all of Subordinated Lenders obligations to Senior Lenders have been fully performed and indefeasibly satisfied. This Agreement will continue to be effective or will be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment of all or any part of the Senior Loan Documents or the obligations thereunder is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Agent and/or Senior Lenders upon insolvency, bankruptcy, or reorganization of any Credit Party or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

9. Notices. Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and personally delivered, mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested and postage prepaid), sent by email (with a confirming copy sent by regular mail), or sent by prepaid overnight courier service, and addressed to the relevant party at its address set forth below, or at such other address as such party may, by written notice, designate as its address for purposes of notice under this Agreement:

If to Senior Lenders, to Agent at:

c/o MidCap Financial Services, LLC, as servicer

7255 Woodmont Avenue, Suite 300

Bethesda, MD 20814

Attention: Portfolio Management Akoya transaction

Email: notices@midcapfinancial.com 

If to Borrower or any other Credit Party, at:

Akoya Biosciences, Inc.

100 Campus Drive, 6th Floor

Marlborough, MA 01752

Attention: Jennifer Kamocsay, Chief Legal Officer

Email: jkamocsay@akoyabio.com

-8-

If to any Subordinated Lender, at:

Quanterix Corporation

900 Middlesex Turnpike

Billerica, MA

Attention: Legal Department

Email: legal@quanterix.com

If mailed, notice shall be deemed to be given five (5) days after being sent, and if sent by personal delivery or prepaid courier, notice shall be deemed to be given when delivered and if sent by email, notice shall be deemed to be given upon senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (sch as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email or other writing acknowledgment).

10. Successors and Assigns.This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the respective successors and assigns of Senior Lenders, Subordinated Lenders and the Credit Parties; provided, however, that no Subordinated Lender nor any Credit Party may assign this Agreement in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Agent. Senior Lenders may, from time to time, without notice to Subordinated Lenders, assign, pledge or transfer any or all of the Senior Debt or any interest therein to any Person and, notwithstanding any such assignment or transfer, or any subsequent assignment or transfer, the Senior Debt shall, subject to the terms hereof, be and remain the Senior Debt for purposes of this Agreement, and every permitted assignee or transferee of any of the Senior Debt or of any interest therein shall, to the extent of the interest of such permitted assignee or transferee in the Senior Loans, be entitled to rely upon the subordination provided under this Agreement and shall be entitled to enforce the terms and provisions hereof to the same extent as if such assignee or transferee were initially a party hereto. 

11. No Waiver or Novation. No waiver shall be deemed to have been made by any party to this Agreement of any of its rights under this Agreement unless the same shall be in writing and duly signed by its duly authorized officers, and each waiver, if any, shall be a waiver only with respect to the specific instance involved and shall in no way impair the rights of any party to this Agreement in any other respect at any time. No executory agreement shall be effective to change, modify or to discharge, in whole or in part, this Agreement, unless such executory agreement is in writing and duly signed by the duly authorized officers of each party to this Agreement.

12. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.EACHSUBORDINATED LENDER AND EACH OF THE CREDIT PARTIES HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT LOCATED WITHIN THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTANAND IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT, SUBJECT TO SENIOR LENDERS ELECTION, ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LITIGATED IN SUCH COURTS. EACH SUBORDINATED LENDER AND EACH OF THE CREDIT PARTIES EXPRESSLY SUBMITS AND CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS AND WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS. EACH SUBORDINATED LENDER AND EACH OF THE CREDIT PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS AND AGREES THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE UPON IT BY CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, ADDRESSED TO SUCH SUBORDINATED LENDER AND SUCH CREDIT PARTY AT THEIR RESPECTIVE ADDRESSES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE COMPLETE TEN (10) DAYS AFTER THE SAME HAS BEEN POSTED.

-9-

13. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.EACH SUBORDINATED LENDER, EACH CREDIT PARTY AND SENIOR LENDERSHEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OF THE SUBORDINATED LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE SENIOR LOAN DOCUMENTS. EACH SUBORDINATED LENDER, EACH CREDIT PARTY AND SENIOR LENDERS ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, THAT EACH HAS RELIED ON THE WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SENIOR LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THE WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. EACH SUBORDINATED LENDER, EACH CREDIT PARTY AND SENIOR LENDERS WARRANT AND REPRESENT THAT EACH HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY OF REVIEWING THIS JURY WAIVER WITH LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS.

14. Miscellaneous.

14.1. Conflict. In the event of any conflict between any term, covenant or condition of this Agreement and any term, covenant or condition of any of the Subordinated Loan Documents, the provisions of this Agreement shall control and govern. 

14.2. Headings. The paragraph headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of any of the provisions hereof. 

14.3. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument, but in making proof hereof, it shall only be necessary to produce one such counterpart containing signatures pages signed by each party. Delivery of a photocopy or facsimile or other electronic transmission (e.g. .pdf or .tif file) of an executed counterpart of this Agreement shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart of this Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing, the words execution, signed, signature, delivery and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. As used herein, Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or other record.

14.4. Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable by reason of the operation of any law or by reason of the interpretation placed thereon by any court or governmental authority, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the affected provision shall be modified to the minimum extent permitted by law so as most fully to achieve the intention of this Agreement.

-10-

14.5. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of law principles (other than Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law).

14.6. Relative Rights.This Agreement shall define the relative rights of Senior Lenders and Subordinated Lenders. Nothing in this Agreement shall (a) impair, as between the Credit Parties and Senior Lenders, the obligation of the Credit Parties with respect to the payment of the Senior Debt in accordance with its terms, (b) impair, as between the Credit Parties and Subordinated Lenders, the obligations of the Credit Parties with respect to the payment of the Subordinated Loans, in accordance with their terms and subject to the provisions of this Agreement, or (c) affect the relative rights of Senior Lenders or Subordinated Lenders with respect to any other creditors of the Credit Parties.

14.7. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON FOLLOWING PAGE]

-11-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, intending to be legally bound, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

AGENT:

MIDCAP FINANCIAL TRUST, 

a Delaware statutory trust,

as Agent for Senior Lender

By: Apollo Capital Management, L.P.,

its investment manager

By: Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC,

its general partner

By: _________________________________ 

Name: Maurice Amsellem

Title: Authorized Signatory

SUBORDINATED LENDER:

QUANTERIX CORPORATION

a Delaware corporation

By: ______________________________ 

Name:

Title:

BORROWER:

AKOYA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

a Delaware corporation

By: ______________________________ 

Name:

Title:

-12-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>qtrx-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>qtrx-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>qtrx-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Entity Registrant Name QUANTERIX CORPORATION

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38319

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-8957988

Entity Address, Address Line One 900 Middlesex Turnpike

Entity Address, City or Town Billerica

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 01821

City Area Code 617

Local Phone Number 301-9400

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol QTRX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001503274

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://quanterix.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

qtrx-20250402.htm 
qtrx-20250402.xsd 
qtrx-20250402_lab.xml 
qtrx-20250402_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001503274-25-000042-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>qtrx-20250402_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001503274 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

false 
0001503274 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
QUANTERIX CORPORATION 
DE 
001-38319 
20-8957988 
900 Middlesex Turnpike 
Billerica 
MA 
01821 
617 
301-9400 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
QTRX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>