<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-012975.txt : 20250213
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-012975.hdr.sgml : 20250213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250213163033
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-012975
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250211
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First Foundation Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001413837
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36461
		FILM NUMBER:		25620789

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18101 VON KARMAN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-222-2030

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18101 VON KARMAN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KELLER FINANCIAL GROUP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071001
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm256286d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000141383700014138372025-02-112025-02-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 11, 2025

FIRST FOUNDATION INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-36461 20-8639702

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification Number)

200
Crescent Court, Suite 1400 

Dallas, Texas 75201

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(469) 638-9636

(Registrants Telephone Number,
Including Area Code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock FFWM New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

As previously reported, First Foundation Inc. (the
Company) and its wholly-owned subsidiary, First Foundation Bank (the Bank), appointed Thomas C. Shafer as
Chief Executive Officer on November 21, 2024. On February 11, 2025, the Company and the Bank entered into an Employment Agreement with
Mr. Shafer, with an initial term commencing on February 11, 2025 and ending on March 15, 2028 (the Shafer Employment Agreement).
The term of the Shafer Employment Agreement will automatically renew for single one-year terms absent notice by any party of non-renewal.
Pursuant to the Shafer Employment Agreement, Mr. Shafer will receive an annual base salary of $1,090,000, subject to annual adjustment,
but not reduction, at the discretion of the Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee. In addition, during each fiscal year during
the term, Mr. Shafer will be entitled to an annual discretionary incentive opportunity equal to 150% of his then-current annual base salary,
one-half of which will be in the form of an annual cash bonus and one-half of which will be in the form of performance restricted stock
units. Each of such annual cash bonus and performance restricted stock unit award will be earned and paid based on the terms and conditions
(including achievement of performance metrics) determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion; provided that with respect
to the 2025 fiscal year, Mr. Shafer will be entitled to receive a cash bonus of not less than $500,000. Mr. Shafer will also be eligible
to participate in the other benefit programs of the Company and the Bank available to executive employees generally.

If Mr. Shafers employment is terminated
without cause or Mr. Shafer terminates his employment for good reason (in each case, as defined in the Shafer Employment Agreement), then
he will be entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the lesser of (i) 12 months of his annual base salary and (ii) the aggregate base salary
that would have been paid to him for the remainder of the term of the Shafer Employment Agreement if such remaining term is shorter than
12 months. In the event of termination of Mr. Shafers employment due to his death, his beneficiaries will be paid an amount equal
to 100% of his base annual salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to his death. If Mr. Shafers employment is terminated
for cause or due to the expiration of the term of the Shafer Employment Agreement, he will not be entitled to any severance compensation.

Also as previously reported, the Company appointed
Simone Lagomarsino as President on September 3, 2024, and the Bank appointed Ms. Lagomarsino as President on July 8, 2024. On February
11, 2025, the Company and the Bank entered into an Employment Agreement with Ms. Lagomarsino, with an initial term commencing on February
11, 2025 and ending on December 31, 2026 (the Lagomarsino Employment Agreement). Pursuant to the Lagomarsino Employment
Agreement, Ms. Lagomarsino will receive an annual base salary of $800,000, subject to annual adjustment, but not reduction, at the discretion
of the Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee, and will be eligible to participate in the executive incentive compensation program.
Ms. Lagomarsino will also be eligible to participate in the other benefit programs of the Company and the Bank available to executive
employees generally.

If Ms. Lagomarsinos employment is terminated
without cause or Ms. Lagomarsino terminates her employment for good reason (in each case, as defined in the Lagomarsino Employment Agreement),
then she will be entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the lesser of (i) 12 months of her annual base salary and (ii) the aggregate
base salary that would have been paid to her for the remainder of the term of the Lagomarsino Employment Agreement if such remaining term
is shorter than 12 months. In the event of termination of Ms. Lagomarsinos employment due to her death, her beneficiaries will
be paid an amount equal to 100% of her base annual salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to her death. If Ms. Lagomarsinos
employment is terminated for cause or due to the expiration of the term of the Lagomarsino Employment Agreement, she will not be entitled
to any severance compensation.

The foregoing descriptions of the Shafer Employment Agreement and the
Lagomarsino Employment Agreement are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to such agreements,
copies of which are attached as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

-2-

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated February 11, 2025, among First Foundation
Inc., First Foundation Bank and Thomas C. Shafer

10.2 Employment Agreement, dated February 11, 2025, among First Foundation
Inc., First Foundation Bank and Simone Lagomarsino

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

-3-

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FIRST FOUNDATION INC.

Date: February 13, 2025 By: /s/ THOMAS C. SHAFER

Thomas C. Shafer

Chief Executive Officer

-4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm256286d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
(the Agreement), by and among First Foundation Inc., a Delaware corporation (FFI), First Foundation Bank,
a California state-chartered commercial bank (FFB, and together with FFI, the Employer), and Thomas C. Shafer
(the Executive), is made and entered into as of February 11, 2025 (the Effective Date).

WHEREAS, FFB is a bank chartered
by the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation of the State of California (the DFPI) and conducts a banking business;
First Foundation Advisors, a California corporation (FFA), is engaged in the business of providing investment management,
wealth management, and advisory services primarily to high net worth individuals; and both FFB and FFA are wholly-owned subsidiaries of
FFI, which, through its subsidiaries (collectively Affiliates), provides commercial banking, investment management, wealth
management, advisory services, trust services, and other financial services to the public.

WHEREAS, Employer desires
to employ Executive, and Executive desires to be employed by Employer, in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions hereof.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, the Employer and the Executive agree as follows:

1.Employment.
Employer agrees to employ Executive and Executive agrees to be employed by Employer, on a full time basis, on the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement.

2.Capacity.
The Executive shall serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Employer. The Executive shall be principally responsible for providing strategic
and financial leadership for the Employer and for the management of the business of the Employers day-to-day operations, subject
to the direction of the Employers Board of Directors (the Board). Executive shall also serve Employer in such other
or additional offices and capacities as the Executive may be requested to serve by the Board and shall perform such services and duties
in connection with the business, affairs and operations of, Employer as may be assigned or delegated from time to time to Executive by
or under the authority of the Board, which may include rendering services to Affiliates. In addition, as promptly as possible after the
Effective Date, Executive shall be appointed to serve on the board of directors of each of FFI and FFB. At any meeting of stockholders
of FFI or the sole shareholder of FFB during the Term at which Executive is subject to election as a member of such board of directors,
the respective board of directors shall, to the extent consistent with its fiduciary duties, nominate and recommend for election Executive
as a director and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause Executive to be elected to serve as a director. Executive shall fulfill
all duties required of a member of the respective board of directors and any committees without any additional compensation.

3.Extent
of Service. During Executives employment under this Agreement, Executive shall devote Executives full business time,
best efforts and business judgment, skill and knowledge to the advancement of Employers business and interests and to the discharge
of Executives duties and responsibilities under this Agreement. Executive shall not engage in any other business activity, except
as may be approved in writing and in advance by the Board; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed
as preventing Executive from:

(a)investing
Executives assets in any company or other entity in a manner not prohibited by Section 8(d) hereof and in such form or
manner as shall not require any material activities on Executives part in connection with the operations or affairs of the companies
or other entities in which such investments are made; or

(b)engaging
in religious, charitable or other community or non-profit activities that do not impair Executives ability to fulfill his duties
and responsibilities under this Agreement.

4.Term.
The term of Executives employment with Employer pursuant to this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on March 15,
2028 (the Term); subject, however, to prior termination of this Agreement and Executives employment as provided herein.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier, commencing on March 15, 2028 and on each anniversary thereafter (each, a Renewal
Date), the Term shall be automatically extended for one (1) additional year, unless either party notifies the other party
at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the applicable Renewal Date that the Term shall not be so extended. Where used herein,
Term shall refer to the entire period of employment of Executive by Employer hereunder, whether for the period provided
above, or whether terminated earlier as hereinafter provided

5.Compensation
and Benefits. The regular compensation and benefits payable to Executive under this Agreement shall be as follows:

(a)Salary.
For all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, Employer shall pay Executive a salary at the annual rate of One Million Ninety
Thousand dollars ($1,090,000), as the same may be increased in the sole discretion of the Board or its Compensation Committee (the Compensation
Committee), at any time or from time to time hereafter (the Base Annual Salary). Executives Base Annual Salary
shall be payable in periodic installments in accordance with Employers usual payroll practices for its senior executives.

(b)Bonus
Compensation. For each fiscal year during the Term, Executive shall be entitled to an annual discretionary incentive opportunity (the
Annual Incentive Opportunity) pursuant to Employers then-current annual bonus program or such other incentive program
adopted by Employer. The maximum Annual Incentive Opportunity shall be 150% of Executives Base Annual Salary (Maximum Incentive
Opportunity). The Annual Incentive Opportunity shall be made up of two parts: (i) 50% of the Annual Incentive Opportunity
shall be in the form of an annual cash bonus (Annual Bonus), and (ii) 50% of the Annual Incentive Opportunity shall
be in the form of performance Restricted Stock Units (as defined in the First Foundation Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan or any successor
plan thereto (the Plan)) (PRSUs), with such Annual Bonus and PRSUs becoming earned and paid based on the terms
and conditions (including achievement of performance metrics) determined by the Board in its sole discretion and consistent with the intent
of this Agreement; provided, that with respect to the 2025 fiscal year Annual Incentive Opportunity, Executive shall be entitled
to receive an Annual Bonus of not less than $500,000. Any such Annual Bonus shall be paid at the same time annual bonuses are paid to
other executives and senior managers of Employer generally, subject to Executives continued employment through the date of payment,
provided that such Annual Bonus will not be deemed to have been earned unless Executive is employed on such payment date. Any PRSUs earned
pursuant to the Annual Incentive Opportunity shall become payable as provided in the applicable award agreement for such PRSUs.

(c)Regular
Employee Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to participate in any qualified or any other retirement plans, stock option and equity
incentive plans, stock purchase plans, medical insurance plans, life insurance plans, disability insurance or income plans, vacation plans,
expense reimbursement plans and other benefit plans which Employer may from time to time have in effect for all or most of its senior
executives; provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 5(c) or elsewhere in this Agreement shall
be construed to create any obligation on the part of Employer to establish any such plan or to maintain the effectiveness of any such
plan which may be in effect from time to time during the Term. The extent and the terms and conditions of Executives participation
in any such plan shall be subject to the terms and conditions in the applicable plan documents, generally applicable policies of the Employer,
applicable law and the discretion of the Board, the Compensation Committee or any administrative or other committee provided for in or
contemplated by any such plan.

2

(d)Reimbursement
of Business Expenses. Employer shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by him in performing services pursuant
to this Agreement, in accordance with Employers expense reimbursement policies and procedures for its senior executives, as in
effect from time to time.

(e)Taxation
of Compensation Payments and Benefits. Employer shall be entitled and shall undertake to make deductions, withholdings and tax reports
with respect to compensation payments and benefits to Executive under this Agreement to the extent that Employer reasonably and in good
faith believes that it is required to make such deductions, withholdings and tax reports. Payments under this Agreement shall be in amounts
net of any such deductions or withholdings. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to require Employer to make any payments to compensate
Executive for any adverse tax consequences associated with or arising out of any payments or benefits or for any deduction or withholding
from any payments or benefits.

(f)Exclusivity
of Salary and Benefits. Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits other than those expressly provided for in this
Agreement.

6.Termination
of Employment. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4, Executives employment under this Agreement shall terminate
prior to the end of the Term under the following circumstances and in accordance with the terms and provisions set forth below in this
Section 6.

(a)Termination
by Employer for Cause. Executives employment under this Agreement may be terminated for Cause, without further liability on
the part of Employer, effective immediately upon a vote of the Board and written notice to the Executive. Each of the following shall
constitute Cause that shall entitle Employer to terminate Executives employment for Cause:

(i)any
act of gross negligence, willful misconduct or insubordination by Executive with respect to Employer or any of its Affiliates, or any
act of fraud, whether or not involving Employer or any of its Affiliates; or

(ii)a
violation by Executive of any laws or government regulations applicable to Employer which could reasonably be expected to subject Employer
or any of its Affiliates (including any of their respective officer or directors) to disciplinary or enforcement action by any governmental
agency, including the assessment of civil money damages on Employer, or which could reasonably be expected to adversely affect Employers
or any of its Affiliates reputation or goodwill with clients, customers, regulatory agencies or suppliers doing business with the
Employer or any of its Affiliates; or

(iii)the
issuance of an order under Section 8(e)(4) or (g)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDIA) requiring
Executive to be removed or permanently prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Employers business; or

(iv)the
commission by Executive of an act which would constitute (A) a felony or (B) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit,
dishonesty or fraud; or

(v)any
failure of Executive to perform, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Board, a substantial portion of Executives duties and responsibilities
assigned or delegated to him under this Agreement, which failure continues, in the judgment of the Board, for more than thirty (30) days
following the giving of written notice to Executive of such failure; or

3

(vi)a
breach by Executive of any of Executives material obligations under this Agreement, which breach remains uncured within fifteen
(15) days following Executives receipt of written notice of the existence of such breach and, for such purposes, the term material
obligations shall include each of Executives covenants and obligations contained in Section 8 hereof; or

(vii)a
violation by Executive of any conflict of interest policy, ethical conduct policy or employment policy adopted by Employer or any of its
Affiliates or a breach by Executive of any of his fiduciary duties to Employer or any of its Affiliates; or

(viii)the
issuance of an order or directive by any government agency having jurisdiction over Employer or any of its Affiliates or over Executive
which requires Executive to disassociate himself from Employer or any of its Affiliates, suspends Executives employment, or requires
Employer to terminate Executives employment.

(b)Termination
by Employer Without Cause. Executives employment under this Agreement may be terminated by Employer without Cause upon written
notice to Executive, whereupon Executive shall become entitled to the severance compensation and benefits set forth in Section 7(b) of
this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary that may be contained in this Agreement, it is acknowledged and agreed that a
termination pursuant to any of Sections 6(d) (entitled Termination due to Death), 6(e) (entitled Disability)
or 6(f) (entitled Expiration of Term) below, shall not be deemed to be or constitute a termination without Cause for
purposes of this Agreement.

(c)Termination
by Executive for Good Reason. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth hereinafter in this Section 6(c), Executive shall
be entitled to terminate this Agreement and his employment with Employer hereunder for Good Reason and to receive the severance
compensation set forth in Section 7(b) below, if Employer takes any of the actions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) below
(each a Good Reason Action):

(i)Reduction
or Adverse Change of Authority and Responsibilities. Employer materially reduces Executive's authority, duties or responsibilities
with Employer, unless such reduction is made as a consequence of (i) any acts or omissions of Executive which would entitle Employer
to terminate Executives employment for Cause (as defined in Section 6(a) of this Agreement), or (ii) Executives
Disability (determined as provided in Section 6(e) of this Agreement);

(ii)Material
Reduction in Salary. Employer materially reduces Executive's base salary or base compensation below the amount thereof as prescribed
by Executives Employment Agreement, unless such reduction is made (A) as part of an across-the-board cost-cutting measure
that is applied equally or proportionately to all senior executives of Employer, rather than discriminatorily against Executive, or (B) as
a result of any acts or omissions of Executive which would entitle Employer to terminate Executives employment for Cause (as defined
in Section 6(a) of this Agreement), or (C) by and at the election of the Employer as a result of Executives Disability
(determined as provided in Section 6(e) of this Agreement);

(iii)Relocation.
Employer relocates Executives principal place of employment to an office (other than Employer's headquarters offices) located more
than thirty (30) miles from Executives then principal place of employment (other than for temporary assignments or required
travel in connection with the performance by Executive of his duties for Employer); or

(iv)Breach
of Material Employment Obligations. Employer commits a breach of any of its material obligations to Executive under this Agreement
which breach continues uncured for a period of thirty (30) days following written notice thereof from Executive.

4

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary that may be contained in this Section 6(c) or elsewhere in this Agreement: (x) the following conditions must
be satisfied in order for Executive to terminate this Agreement and his employment for Good Reason: (1) Executive shall have given
Employer a written notice of termination for Good Reason (a Good Reason Termination Notice) prior to the expiration of a
period of fifteen (15) consecutive calendar days commencing on the date that Executive became aware of occurrence of such Good Reason
Action, (2) Employer shall have failed to rescind or cure such Good Reason Action within thirty (30) consecutive calendar days following
its receipt of such Good Reason Termination Notice (with the termination of employment hereunder effective as of the 31st day
after the date of the Good Reason Termination Notice if such event was not cured or rescinded), and (3) the Good Reason Termination
Notice must expressly state that Executive is terminating his employment for Good Reason pursuant to this Section 6(c) and must
describe in reasonable detail the Good Reason Action that entitles Executive to terminate this Agreement and his employment for Good Reason;
and (y) Executive shall not be entitled to terminate his employment for Good Reason, if Executive shall have consented to the taking
of such Good Reason Action by Employer or if Employer was required to take any of the above-described actions in order to comply with
any applicable laws or government regulations or any order, ruling, instruction or determination of any court or other tribunal or any
government agency having jurisdiction over Employer or any of its Affiliates.

(d)Termination
due to Death. Executives employment with Employer shall terminate upon his death.

(e)Disability.
If Executive shall become disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of Executives then existing position or
positions with Employer or with any of Employers Affiliates under this Agreement, then, upon the expiration of the lesser of (i) six
(6) months thereafter or (ii) the then remainder of the Term of this Agreement (the Interim Disability Period),
Executives employment may be terminated by Employer without liability to Executive, subject to the following terms and provisions.
The Board may remove Executive from any responsibilities and/or reassign Executive to another position with Employer for and the during
the Interim Disability Period, provided, however, that Executive shall continue to receive his full Base Annual Salary (less any
disability pay or sick pay benefits to which the Executive may be entitled under the Employers policies or benefit programs), together
with benefits Executive receives pursuant to Section 5 hereof (except to the extent that Executive may be ineligible for one or more
such benefits under applicable plan terms), for and during the Interim Disability Period. If any question shall arise as to whether Executive
is disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of Executives then existing position or positions, with or without
reasonable accommodation, Executive may, and at the request of Employer shall, submit to Employer a physicians certification (in
reasonable detail) as to whether Executive is so disabled and how long such disability is expected to continue. Such certification shall
be obtained only from a physician who is selected by Employer and to whom Executive or Executives guardian (as the case may be)
has no reasonable objection and the certification so obtained shall for purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of such question or any
issue as to the matters addressed in such certification. Executive shall cooperate with any reasonable request of that physician in connection
with such certification, including a request that Executive undergo any physical or mental examination or tests, as deemed appropriate
by such physician. If Executive shall fail to submit to such an examination or any such tests, as such physician deems in her discretion
to be appropriate for purposes of enabling physician to make such certification, then, Employers determinations with respect to
the questions of whether Executive is disabled and how long such disability is expected to continue shall be binding on Executive. Nothing
in this Section 6(e) shall be construed to waive the Executives rights, if any, under existing law including, without
limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C.
12101 et seq.

5

(f)Terminations
due to Certain Regulatory Actions Affecting Employer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary that may be contained elsewhere in
this Agreement, this Agreement, and Executives employment hereunder shall terminate, on the occurrence of any of the following
events:

(i)A
conservator, receiver, or other legal custodian is appointed for the Employer pursuant to any adjudication or other official determination
by any court of competent jurisdiction, the FDIC, or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over Employer; or

(ii)the
Commissioner of the DFPI or the Chairman of the FDIC, or his or her designee, requires this Agreement to be terminated due to (A) the
entry, by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC) into an agreement to provide assistance to or on behalf of
the Employer under the authority contained in 13(c) of the FDIA; or (B) the approval of a supervisory merger to resolve problems
related to operations of the Employer or (C) a determination by Director of the DFPI or the Chairman of the FDIC that the Employer
is in an unsafe or unsound condition.

(g)Expiration
of Term. Executives employment under this Agreement shall terminate automatically on and as of the expiration date of the Term.

(h)Survival.
Upon expiration or any termination of Executives employment with Employer pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 6,
this Agreement also shall terminate; provided, however, that the following shall survive and remain in full force and effect
after the expiration or any termination of this Agreement: (i) the respective representations and warranties of each party contained
in this Agreement, which shall continue in effect throughout the Term, and (ii) the respective rights, obligations and covenants
and agreements of the parties contained in Section 7 (entitled "Compensation Upon Termination"), Section 8 (entitled
"Protective Covenants"), Section 9 (entitled "Arbitration of Disputes") and Section 10 (entitled "Miscellaneous")
hereof.

(i)Resignation
as Director or Officer. The termination of Executives employment with Employer for any reason shall be treated as Executives
resignation from any and all director, officer and employee positions Executive has with FFI and FFB, and their respective subsidiaries
and affiliates, including any positions Executive may then hold on the board of directors of such entities. Executive agrees that this
Agreement shall serve as written notice of resignation under any such circumstance. Furthermore, Executive agrees to execute any documents
evidencing such resignations that Employer may reasonably request.

(j)Suspension
of Employment. If Executive is suspended and/or temporarily prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Employers business
by a notice served under Section 8(e)(3) or (g)(1) of the FDIA (a Suspension Notice), the Employers
obligations under the Agreement shall be suspended as of the date on which service of such Suspension Notice is made, unless such suspension
is stayed by appropriate proceedings. If the charges in the Suspension Notice are dismissed, Employer may, in its discretion (i) pay
the Executive all or part of the compensation withheld while Employers obligations hereunder were suspended, and (ii) reinstate
(in whole or in part) any of the obligations of Employer that were suspended.

7.Compensation
Upon Termination.

(a)Termination
Generally. If Executives employment with Employer expires or is terminated (whether by Employer or Executive) for any reason
during the Term, Employer shall pay or provide to Executive (or to his authorized representative or estate): (i) any unpaid Base
Annual Salary earned through the date of such termination; (ii) any unpaid incentive compensation that is earned and has become payable
under the terms of any incentive compensation program in which Executive was participating at the time of or had participated prior to
such expiration or termination of employment; (iii) unpaid expense reimbursements; (iv) accrued but unused vacation, and (v) any
vested benefits Executive may have earned under any employee benefit plan of Employer prior to the expiration or termination of Executives
employment; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(a), if Executives employment
is terminated for Cause pursuant to Section 6(a) above or pursuant to Section 6(f), due to certain Regulatory Actions,
then, unless otherwise required by applicable law, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any unpaid incentive compensation that might
otherwise have been due to Executive and Executive will not be eligible for any Severance Payment. All payments required to be made pursuant
to this Section 7(a) shall be made within thirty (30) days following termination or on such earlier date as is required by applicable
law.

6

(b)Termination
by the Employer Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. In the event of a termination of Executives employment by Employer
without Cause pursuant to Section 6(b) above, or by Executive for Good Reason pursuant to Section 6(c) above, then
subject to Executives execution, delivery and non-revocation within sixty (60) days following the date of termination of an agreement,
that is satisfactory in a form and substance to Employer, releasing any and all legal claims (known or unknown) Executive may have against
Employer or any of its Affiliates, Employer shall provide to Executive the following termination benefits (Termination Benefits):
a severance payment (the Severance Payment) in an amount equal to the lesser of (x) twelve (12) months of Executives
Base Annual Salary or (y) the aggregate Base Annual Salary that would have been paid to Executive for the remainder of the Term of
the Agreement if such remaining Term is shorter than the aforementioned 12-month period, as the case may be (the Termination Benefits
Period).

Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 7(b) or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Severance Payment that would otherwise
be payable to Executive pursuant to this Section 7(b) shall be reduced, if such reduction is not in violation of the provisions
Code Section 409A (as hereinafter defined), by the amount of any severance compensation that is due or is otherwise paid to Executive
under any separate severance compensation or change in control or similar agreement between Executive, on the one hand, and Employer,
on the other hand, or any severance pay or stay bonus plan of Employer (irrespective of when such agreement is entered into or such plan
becomes effective). The Termination Benefits shall be paid by Employer in installments over the Termination Benefits Period in accordance
with the customary payroll practices of Employer (net of required deductions and withholdings); provided, that the first payment shall
be made on the next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after the date of termination and shall include
payment of any amounts that would otherwise be due prior thereto.

(c)Termination
Upon Death. In the event of a termination of Executives employment due to death, Employer shall pay to Executives estate
an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of Executives Base Annual Salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to such
termination (the "Death Benefit"), less the amount of any life insurance benefits which Executive's estate or any of Executive's
beneficiaries receive under any Employer-provided life insurance plan or program in which Executive was participating at the time of his
death. Any Death Benefit payable pursuant to this Section 7(c) shall be paid in a lump sum payment (net of any tax and any other
required withholdings) to the beneficiary designated in writing by Executive, or if no beneficiary was designated, to his estate, as soon
as is practicable following Executives death and in no event later than the last day of the calendar year in which the date of
death occurs.

(d)Exclusivity
of Termination Benefits. Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits due to the expiration or termination of Executives
employment with Employer other than those benefits that are expressly provided for in this Section 7. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Termination Benefits set forth in Section 7(b), together with any severance benefits that Executive may be
entitled to receive under any separate severance compensation or change of control or stay-pay agreement to which Executive may be a party
or any separate severance or stay pay plan in which Executive may be a participant, shall constitute the exclusive rights and remedies
against Employer or any of its Affiliates to which Executive shall be entitled by reason of termination or Executives employment
by Employer without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason or for any damages arising therefrom.

7

8.Protective
Covenants.

(a)Certain
Definitions.

(i)Confidential
Information. As used in this Agreement, Confidential Information means information belonging to Employer or any
of its Affiliates which is of value to Employer or any such Affiliates in the course of conducting any of their respective businesses
and the disclosure of which could result in a competitive or other disadvantage to Employer or any of its Affiliates. Confidential Information
includes, without limitation, financial information, including financial statements and projections, business and expansion or growth
plans, reports, and forecasts; inventions, improvements and other intellectual property; trade secrets; know-how; designs, processes or
formulae; software; market or sales information or plans; customer lists and information regarding, or supplied to Employer or any of
its Affiliates by, any of their respective existing or prospective customers; supplier lists and information about, or provided to Employer
or any of its Affiliates by, any of their respective suppliers, vendors or consultants; information regarding the capabilities, duties
or compensation of employees of Employer or of any its Affiliates; and information regarding the business prospects and opportunities
of Employer or any of its Affiliates (such as possible acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or facilities). Confidential Information
also includes information developed by Executive in the course of Executives employment by Employer, as well as other information
to which the Executive may have access in connection with Executives employment, and the confidential information of others with
which Employer has a business relationship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information in the
public domain, unless such information entered the public domain as a result of a breach of any of Executives covenants under Section 8(b).
Executive acknowledges and agrees that Employer has a legitimate business interest in protecting the Confidential Information.

(ii)Competing
Business. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Competing Business shall mean a business conducted anywhere
within forty (40) miles of any office or facility used by Employer or any of its Affiliates which is competitive with any business which
Employer or any of its Affiliates conducts or proposes to conduct at any time during Executives employment with Employer or any
of its Affiliates, including, without limitation, the commercial banking business and the investment advisory services business.

(b)Confidentiality.

(i)Executive
understands and agrees that Executives employment creates a relationship of confidence and trust between Executive and Employer,
including with respect to all Confidential Information, whether such Confidential Information exists on the date of this Agreement or
is created, developed or acquired or comes into being at any time during the term of this Agreement. Executive covenants and agrees that,
at all times (both during Executives employment with Employer and after its expiration or termination for any reason), Executive
will keep all Confidential Information in strict confidence and trust and will not disclose any of the Confidential Information to any
Person, and Executive covenants and agrees that he will not use any of the Confidential Information for Executives benefit or the
benefit of any Person other than Employer and its Affiliates.

8

(ii)In
the event that Executive is requested or required (including by means of deposition, interrogatories, requests for information or documents
in legal proceedings, subpoena, civil investigative demand or other similar process or by a tribunal, court or regulatory agency, (including,
but not limited to, the DFPI and the FDIC)) having applicable jurisdiction, to disclose any of the Confidential Information, Executive
shall, unless prohibited by law or regulation, provide Employer with prompt written notice of any such request or requirement so that
Employer may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Section 8(b) with
respect to such requested or required Confidential Information. If, in the absence of a protective order or other remedy acceptable to
Employer or the receipt of a waiver from Employer, Executive is nonetheless legally required to disclose such Confidential Information
to any tribunal, court or government agency to avoid being held liable for contempt or suffering other censure or penalty, Executive may,
without thereby violating this Section 8(b) or incurring any liability to Employer hereunder, disclose only that portion of
the Confidential Information that Executive is legally required to disclose. In any case, Executive shall cooperate with Employer in any
efforts it may undertake to preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information, including, without limitation, by cooperating
with Employers efforts to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be
accorded the Confidential Information.

(c)Documents,
Records, etc. All documents, records, data, apparatus, equipment and other physical property, including cell phones and computers,
and whether or not pertaining to Confidential Information, which are furnished to Executive by Employer or any of its Affiliates or which
are produced by Executive in connection with Executives employment, will be and remain the sole property of Employer, whichever
the case may be. Executive will return to Employer all such materials and property as and when requested by Employer or if no request
therefor has theretofore been made, then, immediately upon the expiration or termination of Executives employment with Employer
for any reason whatsoever. Executive covenants and agrees that he will not retain any such materials or property or any copies thereof
after any such expiration or termination of his employment with Employer.

(d)Noncompetition
Covenant. During the term of Executives employment with Employer, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, whether as owner,
partner, shareholder, consultant, agent, employee, co-venturer, lender or creditor or otherwise, engage, participate, assist, support
or invest in any Competing Business.

(e)No
Misappropriation Covenant. Executive acknowledges that in connection with and in the course of his employment with Employer, Executive
will have access to trade secrets of Employer and its Affiliates, which trade secrets include, without limitation, the identities of and
information about the banking and other financial service needs and the investment goals and plans of clients and customers of Employer
or its Affiliates. Executive covenants and agrees that during the Term of his employment with Employer and thereafter, Executive shall
not misappropriate or threaten to misappropriate any trade secrets of Employer or any of its Affiliates to directly or indirectly, personally
or through others, to (i) solicit for or on behalf of any Person competing against Employer or any of its Affiliates, any existing
or prospective client or customer of Employer or any of its Affiliates, or (ii) encourage or induce any client, customer, supplier
or vendor of or service provider to Employer or any of its Affiliates to terminate or modify (in a manner adverse to any of them) the
business relationship that any such client, customer, supplier, vendor or service provider has with any of them.

(f)Exception
for Ownership of Shares in Public Companies. Notwithstanding the foregoing covenants, Executive may own up to five percent (5%) of
the outstanding capital stock of a publicly traded corporation which constitutes or is affiliated with a Competing Business, provided
that Executive is a passive investor in that corporation and does not provide any assistance or support of any kind, financial or other
(other than his ownership of such capital stock), to or serve in any capacity with such corporation or any of its affiliates.

9

(g)Certain
Acknowledgements. Executive (i) understands, acknowledges and agrees that each of the covenants and restrictions set forth, respectively,
in Subsections 8(b) through 8(e) above are intended to protect the interests of Employer and its Affiliates, in their trade
secrets and other Confidential Information and established client, customer, supplier, vendor, employee and consultant relationships and
the goodwill established by Employer or such Affiliates with or among its respective clients, customers, suppliers, vendors, employees
and consultants, (ii) acknowledges and agrees that this Section 8 imposes no greater restraint or restriction on Executive than
is reasonably necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of Employer and its Affiliates, and such restrictions are reasonable
and appropriate for this purpose and will not adversely affect Executives ability, following a termination of his employment with
Employer, to earn a livelihood from his chosen profession, and (iii) acknowledges that the consideration received by him pursuant
to this Agreement is good, valuable and adequate consideration in exchange for his covenants and agreements contained in this Section 8.

(h)Severability.
If any of the definitions contained in Section 8(a) or any of the covenants or agreements of Executive contained in Subsections
8(b), 8(c), 8(d), or 8(e) above or in Subsections 8(i) or 8(j) below (collectively, the Protective Covenants)
is held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or unreasonable as to time, geographic coverage, or business limitation,
Executive and Employer agree that in any such instance that particular definition or that particular Protective Covenant, as the case
may be (the Offending Provision) shall be reformed to the maximum time, geographic area or business limitation (as the case
may be) that will permit it to be enforced under applicable law. The parties further agree that, in any such event, all of the remaining
definitions and Protective Covenants shall be severable, shall remain in full force and effect and shall be enforceable independently
of each other and a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction that any definition or Protective Covenant is unenforceable or unreasonable
to any extent shall not affect or impair the continued validity or enforceability of the other definitions or Protective Covenants contained
in this Section 8.

(i)Third-Party
Agreements and Rights. Executive hereby represents and warrants that he is not bound by the terms of any contract or other agreement
(written or oral) with any previous employer or other Person which restricts in any way Executives use or disclosure of information
(other than confidential or proprietary information held by a third party, such as a former employer) or Executives engagement
in any business. Executive further represents and warrants to Employer that Executives execution and delivery of this Agreement,
Executives employment with Employer and the performance of Executives duties for Employer pursuant to this Agreement will
not violate any obligations, contractual or other, that Executive may have to any such previous employer or other Person. In Executives
work for Employer, Executive will not disclose or make use of any information in violation of any contracts or other agreements (written
or oral) with or the rights of any such previous employer or other Person, and Executive will not bring to the premises of Employer any
copies or other tangible embodiments of non-public information belonging to or obtained from any such previous employer or other Person.

(j)Litigation
and Regulatory Cooperation. During and after the Term of this Agreement, Executive shall cooperate fully with Employer and its Affiliates
in the prosecution or defense of any claims or actions or other proceedings that have been or may be brought on behalf of or against Employer
or any of its Affiliates that relates to events or occurrences that transpired while Executive was employed by Employer. Executives
full cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but shall not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel
to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of Employer or any of its Affiliates at mutually convenient times.
During and after the Term of this Agreement, Executive also shall cooperate fully with Employer and its Affiliates in connection with
any examination, investigation or review by any federal, state or local regulatory authority that covers any period, or relates to events
or occurrences that transpired, while Executive was employed by Employer. Executive acknowledges that the performance by him of the covenants
and duties set forth in this Section 8(j) during the term of this Agreement are part of his duties under this Agreement and
that he shall not be entitled to any compensation therefor that is separate from or in addition to his compensation under this Agreement.
If Executive performs any of the duties as required by this Section 8(j) after the Term of this Agreement, as Executives
compensation therefor, Employer shall reimburse Executive for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the performance
by Executive of his duties under this Section 8(j).

10

(k)Equitable
Remedies. Executive acknowledges and agrees that it would be difficult to measure the damages that Employer will sustain as a result
of any breach by Executive of any of the Protective Covenants or any of the other agreements of Executive contained in this Section 8
and that monetary damages, in and of themselves, would not be an adequate remedy for any such breach. Accordingly, Executive agrees that
if he breaches, or threatens to breach, any of the Protective Covenants or any of the other agreements of Executive contained in this
Section 8, Employer shall be entitled, in addition to all other rights or remedies that it may have under this Agreement or under
applicable law, to bring an equitable proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction and, in any such proceeding, to be awarded (i) temporary,
preliminary and permanent injunctive relief to require Executive to halt any such breach, or to refrain from committing any threatened
breach (as the case may be), of any of such Protective Covenants or other agreements, and (ii) such other appropriate equitable remedies
to require Executive to comply with such Protective Covenants and other agreements, without having to show or prove any actual monetary
damages to Employer. Employer shall not be required to post a bond or monetary or other security as a condition to the issuance or continuation
of any such injunctive relief or the granting or continuance of such other equitable remedies provided for in this Section 8(k).

9.Arbitration
of Disputes. Except as otherwise provided in Section 8(h) above and the last sentence of this Section 9 with respect
to equitable proceedings and remedies, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the performance or non-performance
(actual or alleged) by either party of any of such party's respective obligations hereunder or any actual or alleged breach thereof, or
otherwise arising out of the Executives employment or the termination of that employment (including, without limitation, any claims
of unlawful employment discrimination whether based on age or otherwise) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be resolved exclusively
by binding arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by the parties or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of
the American Arbitration Association (AAA) in Orange County, California, in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution
Rules of the AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators. In the
event that any Person other than Executive or Employer may be a party with regard to any such controversy or claim, such controversy or
claim shall be submitted to arbitration subject to such other Persons agreement thereto. Judgment upon the award rendered by the
arbitrator in any such arbitration proceeding may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This Section 9 shall be specifically
enforceable. The reasonable fees and disbursements of the prevailing party's legal counsel, accountants and experts incurred in connection
with any such arbitration proceeding shall be paid by the non-prevailing party in such arbitration proceeding. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary that may be contained in this Section 9, each party shall be entitled to bring an action in any court of competent
jurisdiction for the purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary or permanent injunction or other equitable remedies
in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate.

10.Miscellaneous.

(a)Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to that subject matter.

11

(b)Assignment,
Successors and Assigns, etc. Neither Employer nor Executive may make any assignment, in whole or in part, of this Agreement or
any interest herein, by operation of law or otherwise, or delegate any of their respective duties hereunder, without the prior written
consent of the other party; provided, however, that Employer shall be entitled to assign this Agreement and delegate its
duties under this Agreement, without the consent of Executive, in the event that Employer shall consummate a reorganization, consolidate
or merge with or into any other Person, or sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any other Person. Subject
to the foregoing restrictions on assignment, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on Employer and Executive, and
their respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns.

(c)Enforceability.
If any portion or provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of this Agreement)
shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or
the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable,
shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted
by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Section 8(h), and not the provisions of this Section 10(c), shall apply
to the covenants and other agreements contained in and the provisions of Section 8 hereof.

(d)Waiver.
No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party. The failure of any party
to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any right or obligation under or
breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term, right or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any
prior or subsequent breach of the same obligation.

(e)Notices.
Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement ("Notices") shall be sufficient if in
writing and delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, to Executive at the last address Executive has filed in writing with the Employer or, in the case of
any Notice to be given to Employer, at its main offices, attention of the Chairman of the Board, and shall be effective on the date of
delivery in person or by courier or three (3) days after the date such Notice is mailed by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid and return receipt requested (whether or not the requested receipt is returned).

(f)Amendment.
This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized representative
of the Employer.

(g)Interpretation
and Construction of this Agreement. This Agreement is the result of arms-length bargaining by the parties, each party was represented
by legal counsel of such party's choosing in connection with the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and no provision of this Agreement
shall be construed against a party, due to an ambiguity therein or otherwise, by reason of the fact that such provision may have been
drafted by counsel for such party. For purposes of this Agreement: (i) the term "Person" shall mean, in addition
to any natural person, a corporation, limited liability company, general or limited partnership, joint venture, trust, estate or any other
entity; (ii) when used with reference to Employer, the term Affiliate shall mean any Person that controls, is
controlled by or is under common control with Employer and shall include FFB and its other subsidiaries; (iii) the term "including"
shall mean "including without limitation" or "including but not limited to"; (iv) the term "or"
shall not be deemed to be exclusive; and (v) the terms "hereof," "herein," "hereinafter,"
"hereunder," and "hereto," and any similar terms shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
the particular Section, paragraph or clause in which any such term is used, unless the context in which any such term is used clearly
indicates otherwise.

12

(h)Governing
Law. This Agreement is being entered into and will be performed in the State of California and shall be construed under and be governed
in all respects by and enforced under the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of
such State.

(i)Headings.
The Section and paragraph headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect, nor shall
be considered in connection with, the construction or application of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

(j)Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each such executed counterpart, and any photocopy or facsimile copy
thereof, shall constitute an original of this Agreement; but all such executed counterparts and photocopies and facsimile copies thereof
shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument.

11.Section 409A
and Section 280G

(a) The
parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury
regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively Code Section 409A), and all provisions of this
Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A.
In no event whatsoever will Employer be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Code
Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A.

(b) A
termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment
of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following
a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A
and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment
or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified
employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision
of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation
from service, such payment or benefit shall be made or provided at the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of
the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of
Executives death (the Delay Period). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed
pursuant to this Subsection 11(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the
absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive
in a lump sum and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal
payment dates specified for them herein.

(c) With
regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code
Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another
benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not
affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, and (iii) such payments
shall be made on or before the last day of Executives taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. For
purposes of Code Section 409A, Executives right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated
as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with
reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination),
the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of Employer.

13

(d) In
the event Executive is a disqualified individual under Code Section 280G, and any portion of any payments and/or benefits (aggregate
amount of such payments and benefits, Total Payments) payable or provided to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise
would be considered an excess parachute payment under Code Section 280G, then the Employer shall cause its independent auditors promptly
to review, at Employers sole expense, the applicability of Code Section 4999 to such payments and benefits to be received
by Executive. If such auditors determine that any portion of any of such payments and/or benefits would be subject to the excise tax imposed
by Code Section 4999 (or any successor provision thereto), or any interest or penalties with respect to such tax, by reason of being
contingent on a change in ownership or control of the Employer, within the meaning of, and as determined under, Code Section 280G
(or any successor provision thereto) or to any similar tax imposed by any law, or any interest or penalties with respect to such excise
tax (such excise tax, together with interest and penalties, are hereafter collectively referred to as the Excise Tax), then
the Total Payments shall be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion of the Total Payments is subject to the Excise Tax but
only if (i) the net amount of such Total Payments, as so reduced (after subtracting the amount of federal, state and local income
taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable
to such reduced Total Payments) is greater than or equal to (ii) the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (after
subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such Total Payments and the amount of Excise Tax to which Employee
would be subject in respect of such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal
exemptions attributable to such unreduced Total Payments).

12.Restrictions
on Payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary that may be contained elsewhere in this Agreement, the payment of any compensation
provided under this Agreement is subject to and conditioned upon compliance with all applicable state and federal laws, rules and
regulations, including, but not limited to, the following:

(a)Clawback
and Offset. Any payments made under the Agreement may be subject to forfeiture or repayment (such forfeiture or repayment a clawback),
in the sole discretion of the Employers Board of Directors (or the board of directors of the Employers successor-in-interest),
if the payment is based on performance metrics that are determined to be materially inaccurate, manipulated or fraudulent in nature, or
if Employer (or its successors-in-interest) obtain information indicating the Executive has committed, is substantially responsible for,
or has violated, the respective acts or omissions, conditions, or offenses outlined under 12 C.F.R. 359.4(a)(4). The Employers
Board of Directors (or the board of directors of the Employers successor-in-interest) shall have authority to determine the amount
of the payment that may be forfeited or subject to repayment and may determine, in its sole discretion, not to implement a clawback, unless
the clawback is mandated by applicable laws. Unless otherwise paid back to the Employer by the Executive, the Employer (or its successor-in-interest)
shall have the right to offset the amount of the payment that is to be forfeited or repaid under this Section 12(a) against
any current amounts due to the Executive, including, but not limited to, salary, incentive compensation, stock awards, severance, deferred
compensation or any other funds due to the Executive from the Employer (or its successor-in-interest).

(b)Compliance
with Banking Laws. Any payments made pursuant to the Agreement shall be subject to and conditioned upon compliance with 12 U.S.C.
Section 1828(k) and any regulations promulgated thereunder. If any payments contemplated to be made by the Employer pursuant
to this Agreement may not be made in compliance with 12 U.S.C. Section 1828(k) and any regulations promulgated thereunder on
the effective date of the Executives termination of employment, such payments may never be made by the Employer. In addition, any
payments contemplated to be made by the Employer pursuant to this Agreement shall not be payable to the extent such payments are barred
or prohibited by an action or order issued to the Employer or any of its subsidiaries by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the
Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation or such other applicable banking regulatory
agency.

[signature page follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement
has been executed by Employer and by Executive as of the Effective Date.

EMPLOYER: 

FIRST FOUNDATION INC. 

By: /s/ Max Briggs 

Name: Max Briggs 

Title: Chairman of the Board 

FIRST FOUNDATION BANK 

By: /s/ Max Briggs 

Name: Max Briggs 

Title: Chairman of the Board 

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/ Thomas C. Shafer 

Name: Thomas C. Shafer 

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm256286d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
(the Agreement), by and among First Foundation Inc., a Delaware corporation (FFI), First Foundation Bank,
a California state-chartered commercial bank (FFB, and together with FFI, the Employer), and Simone Lagomarsino
(the Executive), is made and entered into as of February 11, 2025 (the Effective Date).

WHEREAS, FFB is a bank chartered
by the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation of the State of California (the DFPI) and conducts a banking business;
First Foundation Advisors, a California corporation (FFA), is engaged in the business of providing investment management,
wealth management, and advisory services primarily to high net worth individuals; and both FFB and FFA are wholly-owned subsidiaries of
FFI, which, through its subsidiaries (collectively Affiliates), provides commercial banking, investment management, wealth
management, advisory services, trust services, and other financial services to the public.

WHEREAS, Employer desires
to employ Executive, and Executive desires to be employed by Employer, in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions hereof.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, the Employer and the Executive agree as follows:

1.Employment.
Employer agrees to employ Executive and Executive agrees to be employed by Employer, on a full-time basis, on the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement.

2.Capacity.
The Executive shall serve as President of the Employer. The Executive shall be principally responsible for management of Human Resources
and Information Technology with dotted-line management of Internal Audit, subject to the directions of the Employers Board of Directors
(the Board) or Chief Executive Officer (the CEO). Executive shall also serve Employer in such other or additional
offices and capacities as the Executive may be requested to serve by the Board or the CEO and shall perform such services and duties in
connection with the business, affairs and operations of, Employer as may be assigned or delegated from time to time to Executive by or
under the authority of the Board or the CEO, which may include rendering services to Affiliates.

3.Extent
of Service. During Executives employment under this Agreement, Executive shall devote Executives full business time,
best efforts and business judgment, skill and knowledge to the advancement of Employers business and interests and to the discharge
of Executives duties and responsibilities under this Agreement. Executive shall not engage in any other business activity, except
as may be approved in writing and in advance by the Board; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed
as preventing Executive from:

(a)investing
Executives assets in any company or other entity in a manner not prohibited by Section 8(d) hereof and in such form or
manner as shall not require any material activities on Executives part in connection with the operations or affairs of the companies
or other entities in which such investments are made; or

(b)engaging
in religious, charitable or other community or non-profit activities that do not impair Executives ability to fulfill her duties
and responsibilities under this Agreement.

4.Term.
Unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the term of Executives employment with Employer pursuant to this Agreement
shall commence on the Effective Date and end on December 31, 2026 (the Term).

5.Compensation
and Benefits. The regular compensation and benefits payable to Executive under this Agreement shall be as follows:

(a)Salary.
For all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, Employer shall pay Executive a salary at the annual rate of Eight Hundred
Thousand dollars ($800,000), as the same may be increased in the sole discretion of the Board or its Compensation Committee (the Compensation
Committee), at any time or from time to time hereafter (the Base Annual Salary). Executives Base Annual Salary
shall be payable in periodic installments in accordance with Employers usual payroll practices for its senior executives.

(b)Bonus
Compensation. Executive shall be entitled to participate in the annual incentive bonus programs for Employers senior executives;
provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 5(b) or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be construed
to create any obligation on the part of Employer to maintain the effectiveness of any annual incentive bonus program. The performance
measures and goals that will be used to determine Executives entitlement to an annual incentive bonus under any such bonus program
that is established by Employer shall be determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee.

(c)Regular
Employee Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to participate in any qualified or any other retirement plans, stock option and equity
incentive plans, stock purchase plans, medical insurance plans, life insurance plans, disability insurance or income plans, vacation plans,
expense reimbursement plans and other benefit plans which Employer may from time to time have in effect for all or most of its senior
executives; provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 5(c) or elsewhere in this Agreement shall
be construed to create any obligation on the part of Employer to establish any such plan or to maintain the effectiveness of any such
plan which may be in effect from time to time during the Term. The extent and the terms and conditions of Executives participation
in any such plan shall be subject to the terms and conditions in the applicable plan documents, generally applicable policies of the Employer,
applicable law and the discretion of the Board, the Compensation Committee or any administrative or other committee provided for in or
contemplated by any such plan.

(d)Reimbursement
of Business Expenses. Employer shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by her in performing services pursuant
to this Agreement, in accordance with Employers expense reimbursement policies and procedures for its senior executives, as in
effect from time to time.

(e)Taxation
of Compensation Payments and Benefits. Employer shall be entitled and shall undertake to make deductions, withholdings, and tax reports
with respect to compensation payments and benefits to Executive under this Agreement to the extent that Employer reasonably and in good
faith believes that it is required to make such deductions, withholdings and tax reports. Payments under this Agreement shall be in amounts
net of any such deductions or withholdings. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to require Employer to make any payments to compensate
Executive for any adverse tax consequences associated with or arising out of any payments or benefits or for any deduction or withholding
from any payments or benefits.

(f)Exclusivity
of Salary and Benefits. Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits other than those expressly provided for in this
Agreement.

6.Termination
of Employment. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4, Executives employment under this Agreement shall terminate
prior to the end of the Term under the following circumstances and in accordance with the terms and provisions set forth below in this
Section 6.

2

(a)Termination
by Employer for Cause. Executives employment under this Agreement may be terminated for Cause, without further liability on
the part of Employer, effective immediately upon a determination by the CEO or a vote of the Board and written notice to the Executive.
Each of the following shall constitute Cause that shall entitle Employer to terminate Executives employment for Cause:

(i)any
act of gross negligence, willful misconduct or insubordination by Executive with respect to Employer or any of its Affiliates, or any
act of fraud, whether or not involving Employer or any of its Affiliates; or

(ii)a
violation by Executive of any laws or government regulations applicable to Employer which could reasonably be expected to subject Employer
or any of its Affiliates (including any of their respective officer or directors) to disciplinary or enforcement action by any governmental
agency, including the assessment of civil money damages on Employer, or which could reasonably be expected to adversely affect Employers
or any of its Affiliates reputation or goodwill with clients, customers, regulatory agencies or suppliers doing business with the
Employer or any of its Affiliates; or

(iii)the
issuance of an order under Section 8(e)(4) or (g)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDIA) requiring
Executive to be removed or permanently prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Employers business; or

(iv)the
commission by Executive of an act which would constitute (A) a felony or (B) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit,
dishonesty or fraud; or

(v)any
failure of Executive to perform, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Board, a substantial portion of Executives duties and responsibilities
assigned or delegated to her under this Agreement, which failure continues, in the judgment of the Board, for more than thirty (30) days
following the giving of written notice to Executive of such failure; or

(vi)a
breach by Executive of any of Executives material obligations under this Agreement, which breach remains uncured within fifteen
(15) days following Executives receipt of written notice of the existence of such breach and, for such purposes, the term material
obligations shall include each of Executives covenants and obligations contained in Section 8 hereof; or

(vii)a
violation by Executive of any conflict of interest policy, ethical conduct policy or employment policy adopted by Employer or any of its
Affiliates or a breach by Executive of any of her fiduciary duties to Employer or any of its Affiliates; or

(viii)the
issuance of an order or directive by any government agency having jurisdiction over Employer or any of its Affiliates or over Executive
which requires Executive to disassociate herself from Employer or any of its Affiliates, suspends Executives employment, or requires
Employer to terminate Executives employment.

(b)Termination
by Employer Without Cause. Executives employment under this Agreement may be terminated by Employer without Cause upon written
notice to Executive, whereupon Executive shall become entitled to the severance compensation and benefits set forth in Section 7(b) of
this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary that may be contained in this Agreement, it is acknowledged and agreed that a
termination pursuant to any of Sections 6(d) (entitled Termination due to Death), 6(e) (entitled Disability)
or 6(f) (entitled Expiration of Term) below, shall not be deemed to be or constitute a termination without Cause for
purposes of this Agreement.

3

(c)Termination
by Executive for Good Reason. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth hereinafter in this Section 6(c), Executive shall
be entitled to terminate this Agreement and her employment with Employer hereunder for Good Reason and to receive the severance
compensation set forth in Section 7(b) below, if Employer takes any of the actions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) below
(each a Good Reason Action):

(i)Reduction
or Adverse Change of Authority and Responsibilities. Employer materially reduces Executive's authority, duties or responsibilities
with Employer, unless such reduction is made as a consequence of (i) any acts or omissions of Executive which would entitle Employer
to terminate Executives employment for Cause (as defined in Section 6(a) of this Agreement), or (ii) Executives
Disability (determined as provided in Section 6(e) of this Agreement);

(ii)Material
Reduction in Salary. Employer materially reduces Executive's base salary or base compensation below the amount thereof as prescribed
by Executives Employment Agreement, unless such reduction is made (A) as part of an across-the-board cost-cutting measure
that is applied equally or proportionately to all senior executives of Employer, rather than discriminatorily against Executive, or (B) as
a result of any acts or omissions of Executive which would entitle Employer to terminate Executives employment for Cause (as defined
in Section 6(a) of this Agreement), or (C) by and at the election of the Employer as a result of Executives Disability
(determined as provided in Section 6(e) of this Agreement);

(iii)Relocation.
Employer relocates Executives principal place of employment to an office (other than Employer's headquarters offices) located more
than thirty (30) miles from Executives then principal place of employment (other than for temporary assignments or required
travel in connection with the performance by Executive of her duties for Employer); or

(iv)Breach
of Material Employment Obligations. Employer commits a breach of any of its material obligations to Executive under this Agreement
which breach continues uncured for a period of thirty (30) days following written notice thereof from Executive.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary that may be contained in this Section 6(c) or elsewhere in this Agreement: (x) the following conditions must
be satisfied in order for Executive to terminate this Agreement and her employment for Good Reason: (1) Executive shall have given
Employer a written notice of termination for Good Reason (a Good Reason Termination Notice) prior to the expiration of a
period of fifteen (15) consecutive calendar days commencing on the date that Executive is first notified in writing that Employer has
taken any such Good Reason Action, (2) Employer shall have failed to rescind or cure such Good Reason Action within thirty (30) consecutive
calendar days following its receipt of such Good Reason Termination Notice, and (3) the Good Reason Termination Notice must expressly
state that Executive is terminating her employment for Good Reason pursuant to this Section 6(c) and must describe in reasonable
detail the Good Reason Action that entitles Executive to terminate this Agreement and her employment for Good Reason; and (y) Executive
shall not be entitled to terminate her employment for Good Reason, if Executive shall have consented to the taking of such Good Reason
Action by Employer or if Employer was required to take any of the above-described actions in order to comply with any applicable laws
or government regulations or any order, ruling, instruction or determination of any court or other tribunal or any government agency having
jurisdiction over Employer or any of its Affiliates.

(d)Termination
due to Death. Executives employment with Employer shall terminate upon her death.

4

(e)Disability.
If Executive shall become disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of Executives then existing position or
positions with Employer or with any of Employers Affiliates under this Agreement, then, upon the expiration of the lesser of (i) six
(6) months thereafter or (ii) the then remainder of the Term of this Agreement (the Interim Disability Period),
Executives employment may be terminated by Employer without liability to Executive, subject to the following terms and provisions.
The Board may remove Executive from any responsibilities and/or reassign Executive to another position with Employer for and the during
the Interim Disability Period, provided, however, that Executive shall continue to receive her full Base Annual Salary (less any
disability pay or sick pay benefits to which the Executive may be entitled under the Employers policies or benefit programs), together
with benefits Executive receives pursuant to Section 5 hereof (except to the extent that Executive may be ineligible for one or more
such benefits under applicable plan terms), for and during the Interim Disability Period. If any question shall arise as to whether Executive
is disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of Executives then existing position or positions, with or without
reasonable accommodation, Executive may, and at the request of Employer shall, submit to Employer a physicians certification (in
reasonable detail) as to whether Executive is so disabled and how long such disability is expected to continue. Such certification shall
be obtained only from a physician who is selected by Employer and to whom Executive or Executives guardian (as the case may be)
has no reasonable objection and the certification so obtained shall for purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of such question or any
issue as to the matters addressed in such certification. Executive shall cooperate with any reasonable request of that physician in connection
with such certification, including a request that Executive undergo any physical or mental examination or tests, as deemed appropriate
by such physician. If Executive shall fail to submit to such an examination or any such tests, as such physician deems in her discretion
to be appropriate for purposes of enabling physician to make such certification, then, Employers determinations with respect to
the questions of whether Executive is disabled and how long such disability is expected to continue shall be binding on Executive. Nothing
in this Section 6(e) shall be construed to waive the Executives rights, if any, under existing law including, without
limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C.
12101 et seq.

(f)Terminations
due to Certain Regulatory Actions Affecting Employer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary that may be contained elsewhere in
this Agreement, this Agreement, and Executives employment hereunder shall terminate, on the occurrence of any of the following
events:

(i)A
conservator, receiver, or other legal custodian is appointed for the Employer pursuant to any adjudication or other official determination
by any court of competent jurisdiction, the FDIC, or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over Employer; or

(ii)the
Commissioner of the DFPI or the Chairman of the FDIC, or his or her designee, requires this Agreement to be terminated due to (A) the
entry, by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC) into an agreement to provide assistance to or on behalf of
the Employer under the authority contained in 13(c) of the FDIA; or (B) the approval of a supervisory merger to resolve problems
related to operations of the Employer or (C) a determination by Director of the DFPI or the Chairman of the FDIC that the Employer
is in an unsafe or unsound condition.

(g)Expiration
of Term. Executives employment under this Agreement shall terminate automatically on and as of the expiration date of the Term.

(h)Survival.
Upon expiration or any termination of Executives employment with Employer pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 6,
this Agreement also shall terminate; provided, however, that the following shall survive and remain in full force and effect
after the expiration or any termination of this Agreement: (i) the respective representations and warranties of each party contained
in this Agreement, which shall continue in effect throughout the Term, and (ii) the respective rights, obligations and covenants
and agreements of the parties contained in Section 7 (entitled "Compensation Upon Termination"), Section 8 (entitled
"Protective Covenants"), Section 9 (entitled "Arbitration of Disputes") and Section 10 (entitled "Miscellaneous")
hereof.

5

(i)Suspension
of Employment. If Executive is suspended and/or temporarily prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Employers business
by a notice served under Section 8(e)(3) or (g)(1) of the FDIA (a Suspension Notice), the Employers
obligations under the Agreement shall be suspended as of the date on which service of such Suspension Notice is made, unless such suspension
is stayed by appropriate proceedings. If the charges in the Suspension Notice are dismissed, Employer may, in its discretion (i) pay
the Executive all or part of the compensation withheld while Employers obligations hereunder were suspended, and (ii) reinstate
(in whole or in part) any of the obligations of Employer that were suspended.

7.Compensation
Upon Termination.

(a)Termination
Generally. If Executives employment with Employer expires or is terminated (whether by Employer or Executive) for any reason
during the Term, Employer shall pay or provide to Executive (or to her authorized representative or estate): (i) any unpaid Base
Annual Salary earned through the date of such termination; (ii) any unpaid incentive compensation that is deemed earned and has become
payable under the terms of any incentive compensation program in which Executive was participating at the time of or had participated
prior to such expiration or termination of employment; (iii) unpaid expense reimbursements; (iv) accrued but unused vacation,
and (v) any vested benefits Executive may have earned under any employee benefit plan of Employer prior to the expiration or termination
of Executives employment; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(a), if Executives
employment is terminated for Cause pursuant to Section 6(a) above or pursuant to Section 6(f), due to certain Regulatory
Actions, then, unless otherwise required by applicable law, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any unpaid incentive compensation
that might otherwise have been due to Executive and Executive will not be eligible for any Severance Payment. All payments required to
be made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall be made within thirty (30) days following termination or on such earlier date as
is required by applicable law.

(b)Termination
by the Employer Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. In the event of a termination of Executives employment by Employer
without Cause pursuant to Section 6(b) above, or by Executive for Good Reason pursuant to Section 6(c) above, then
subject to Executives execution, delivery and non-revocation within sixty (60) days following the date of termination of an agreement,
that is satisfactory in a form and substance to Employer, releasing any and all legal claims (known or unknown) Executive may have against
Employer or any or its Affiliates, Employer shall provide to Executive the following termination benefits (Termination Benefits):
a severance payment (the Severance Payment) in an amount equal to the lesser of (x) twelve (12) months of Executives
Base Annual Salary or (y) the aggregate Base Annual Salary that would have been paid to Executive for the remainder of the Term of
the Agreement if such remaining Term is shorter than the aforementioned 12-month period, as the case may be (the Termination Benefits
Period).

6

Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 7(b) or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Severance Payment that would otherwise
be payable to Executive pursuant to this Section 7(b) shall be reduced by the amount of any severance compensation that is due
or is otherwise paid to Executive under any separate severance compensation or change in control or similar agreement between Executive,
on the one hand, and Employer, on the other hand, or any severance pay or stay bonus plan of Employer (irrespective of when such agreement
is entered into or such plan becomes effective). The Termination Benefits shall be paid by Employer in installments over the Termination
Benefits Period in accordance with the customary payroll practices of Employer (net of required deductions and withholdings); provided,
that the first payment shall be made on the next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after the date of
termination and shall include payment of any amounts that would otherwise be due prior thereto.

(c)Termination
Upon Death. In the event of a termination of Executives employment due to death, Employer shall pay to Executives estate
an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of Executives Base Annual Salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to such
termination (the "Death Benefit"), less the amount of any life insurance benefits which Executive's estate or any of Executive's
beneficiaries receive under any Employer-provided life insurance plan or program in which Executive was participating at the time of her
death. Any Death Benefit payable pursuant to this Section 7(c) shall be paid in a lump sum payment (net of any tax and any other
required withholdings) to the beneficiary designated in writing by Executive, or if no beneficiary was designated, to her estate, as soon
as is practicable following Executives death and in no event later than the last day of the calendar year in which the date of
death occurs.

(d)Exclusivity
of Termination Benefits. Except as may otherwise be set forth in Exhibit A hereto, Executive shall not be entitled to
any payments or benefits due to the expiration or termination of Executives employment with Employer other than those benefits
that are expressly provided for in this Section 7. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Termination Benefits set
forth in Section 7(b), together with any severance benefits that Executive may be entitled to receive under any separate severance
compensation or change of control or stay-pay agreement to which Executive may be a party or any separate severance or stay pay plan in
which Executive may be a participant, shall constitute the exclusive rights and remedies against Employer or any of its Affiliates to
which Executive shall be entitled by reason of termination or Executives employment by Employer without Cause or by Executive for
Good Reason or for any damages arising therefrom.

8.Protective
Covenants.

(a)Certain
Definitions.

(i)Confidential
Information. As used in this Agreement, Confidential Information means information belonging to Employer or any
of its Affiliates which is of value to Employer or any such Affiliates in the course of conducting any of their respective businesses
and the disclosure of which could result in a competitive or other disadvantage to Employer or any of its Affiliates. Confidential Information
includes, without limitation, financial information, including financial statements and projections, business and expansion or growth
plans, reports, and forecasts; inventions, improvements and other intellectual property; trade secrets; know-how; designs, processes or
formulae; software; market or sales information or plans; customer lists and information regarding, or supplied to Employer or any of
its Affiliates by, any of their respective existing or prospective customers; supplier lists and information about, or provided to Employer
or any of its Affiliates by, any of their respective suppliers, vendors or consultants; information regarding the capabilities, duties
or compensation of employees of Employer or of any its Affiliates; and information regarding the business prospects and opportunities
of Employer or any of its Affiliates (such as possible acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or facilities). Confidential Information
also includes information developed by Executive in the course of Executives employment by Employer, as well as other information
to which the Executive may have access in connection with Executives employment, and the confidential information of others with
which Employer has a business relationship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information in the
public domain, unless such information entered the public domain as a result of a breach of any of Executives covenants under Section 8(b).
Executive acknowledges and agrees that Employer has a legitimate business interest in protecting the Confidential Information.

7

(ii)Competing
Business. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Competing Business shall mean a business conducted anywhere
within forty (40) miles of any office or facility used by Employer or any of its Affiliates which is competitive with any business which
Employer or any of its Affiliates conducts or proposes to conduct at any time during Executives employment with Employer or any
of its Affiliates, including, without limitation, the commercial banking business and the investment advisory services business.

(b)Confidentiality.

(i)Executive
understands and agrees that Executives employment creates a relationship of confidence and trust between Executive and Employer,
including with respect to all Confidential Information, whether such Confidential Information exists on the date of this Agreement or
is created, developed or acquired or comes into being at any time during the term of this Agreement. Executive covenants and agrees that,
at all times (both during Executives employment with Employer and after its expiration or termination for any reason), Executive
will keep all Confidential Information in strict confidence and trust and will not disclose any of the Confidential Information to any
Person, and Executive covenants and agrees that she will not use any of the Confidential Information for Executives benefit or
the benefit of any Person other than Employer and its Affiliates.

(ii)In
the event that Executive is requested or required (including by means of deposition, interrogatories, requests for information or documents
in legal proceedings, subpoena, civil investigative demand or other similar process or by a tribunal, court or regulatory agency, (including,
but not limited to, the DFPI and the FDIC)) having applicable jurisdiction, to disclose any of the Confidential Information, Executive
shall, unless prohibited by law or regulation, provide Employer with prompt written notice of any such request or requirement so that
Employer may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Section 8(b) with
respect to such requested or required Confidential Information. If, in the absence of a protective order or other remedy acceptable to
Employer or the receipt of a waiver from Employer, Executive is nonetheless legally required to disclose such Confidential Information
to any tribunal, court or government agency to avoid being held liable for contempt or suffering other censure or penalty, Executive may,
without thereby violating this Section 8(b) or incurring any liability to Employer hereunder, disclose only that portion of
the Confidential Information that Executive is legally required to disclose. In any case, Executive shall cooperate with Employer in any
efforts it may undertake to preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information, including, without limitation, by cooperating
with Employers efforts to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be
accorded the Confidential Information.

(c)Documents,
Records, etc. All documents, records, data, apparatus, equipment and other physical property, including cell phones and computers,
and whether or not pertaining to Confidential Information, which are furnished to Executive by Employer or any of its Affiliates or which
are produced by Executive in connection with Executives employment, will be and remain the sole property of Employer, whichever
the case may be. Executive will return to Employer all such materials and property as and when requested by Employer or if no request
therefor has theretofore been made, then, immediately upon the expiration or termination of Executives employment with Employer
for any reason whatsoever. Executive covenants and agrees that she will not retain any such materials or property or any copies thereof
after any such expiration or termination of her employment with Employer.

8

(d)Noncompetition
Covenant. During the term of Executives employment with Employer, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, whether as owner,
partner, shareholder, consultant, agent, employee, co-venturer, lender or creditor or otherwise, engage, participate, assist, support
or invest in any Competing Business.

(e)Non-Solicitation
Covenant. Executive covenants and agrees that, during the Term and for a period equal to eighteen (18) months after the Term or the
conclusion of Executives employment, she shall not, either on behalf of herself or any other Person, directly or indirectly, solicit
or recruit any Person who is, or during the prior twelve (12) months had been, an employee or independent contractor of Employer or any
of their Affiliates or induce or influence any such employee or independent contractor to leave the employ or service of Employer or any
of its Affiliates.

(f)Non-Interference
Covenant. Executive acknowledges that in connection with and in the course of her employment with Employer, Executive will have access
to trade secrets and other Confidential Information of Employer and its Affiliates, which Confidential Information may include, without
limitation, the identities of and information about the banking and other financial service needs and the investment goals and plans of
clients and customers of Employer or its Affiliates. As a result of her employment with Employer, Executive also will be given, by Employer
or its Affiliates, the opportunity, resources and Confidential Information which Executive will need to establish business relationships
with existing and prospective clients and customers of Employer or its Affiliates, all for the exclusive benefit of Employer and its Affiliates.
Accordingly, Executive covenants and agrees that during the Term of her employment with Employer and for a period of eighteen (18)
months following the termination, for any reason whatsoever, of her employment with Employer (including any voluntary termination or any
termination for Good Reason by Executive or any termination by Employer with or without Cause), Executive shall not use any information
that constitutes a trade secret or Confidential Information of Employer or any of its Affiliates to directly or indirectly, personally
or through others, (i) solicit for or on behalf of any Person competing against Employer or any of its Affiliates, any existing or
prospective client or customer of Employer or any of its Affiliates, or (ii) encourage or induce any client, customer, supplier or
vendor of or service provider to Employer or any of its Affiliates to terminate or modify (in a manner adverse to any of them) the business
relationship that any such client, customer, supplier, vendor or service provider has with any of them.

(g)Exception
for Ownership of Shares in Public Companies. Notwithstanding the foregoing covenants, Executive may own up to five percent (5%) of
the outstanding capital stock of a publicly traded corporation which constitutes or is affiliated with a Competing Business, provided
that Executive is a passive investor in that corporation and does not provide any assistance or support of any kind, financial or other
(other than her ownership of such capital stock), to or serve in any capacity with such corporation or any of its affiliates.

(h)Certain
Acknowledgements. Executive (i) understands, acknowledges and agrees that each of the covenants and restrictions set forth, respectively,
in Subsections 8(b) through 8(f) above are intended to protect the interests of Employer and its Affiliates, in their trade
secrets and other Confidential Information and established client, customer, supplier, vendor, employee and consultant relationships and
the goodwill established by Employer or such Affiliates with or among its respective clients, customers, suppliers, vendors, employees
and consultants, (ii) acknowledges and agrees that this Section 8 imposes no greater restraint or restriction on Executive than
is reasonably necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of Employer and its Affiliates, and such restrictions are reasonable
and appropriate for this purpose and will not adversely affect Executives ability, following a termination of her employment with
Employer, to earn a livelihood from her chosen profession, and (iii) acknowledges that the consideration received by her pursuant
to this Agreement is good, valuable and adequate consideration in exchange for her covenants and agreements contained in this Section 8.

9

(i)Severability.
If any of the definitions contained in Section 8(a) or any of the covenants or agreements of Executive contained in Subsections
8(b), 8(c), 8(d), 8(e), or 8(f) above or in Subsections 8(j) or 8(k) below (collectively, the Protective Covenants)
is held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or unreasonable as to time, geographic coverage, or business limitation,
Executive and Employer agree that in any such instance that particular definition or that particular Protective Covenant, as the case
may be (the Offending Provision) shall be reformed to the maximum time, geographic area or business limitation (as the case
may be) that will permit it to be enforced under applicable law. The parties further agree that, in any such event, all of the remaining
definitions and Protective Covenants shall be severable, shall remain in full force and effect and shall be enforceable independently
of each other and a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction that any definition or Protective Covenant is unenforceable or unreasonable
to any extent shall not affect or impair the continued validity or enforceability of the other definitions or Protective Covenants contained
in this Section 8.

(j)Third-Party
Agreements and Rights. Executive hereby represents and warrants that she is not bound by the terms of any contract or other agreement
(written or oral) with any previous employer or other Person which restricts in any way Executives use or disclosure of information
(other than confidential or proprietary information held by a third party, such as a former employer) or Executives engagement
in any business. Executive further represents and warrants to Employer that Executives execution and delivery of this Agreement,
Executives employment with Employer and the performance of Executives duties for Employer pursuant to this Agreement will
not violate any obligations, contractual or other, that Executive may have to any such previous employer or other Person. In Executives
work for Employer, Executive will not disclose or make use of any information in violation of any contracts or other agreements (written
or oral) with or the rights of any such previous employer or other Person, and Executive will not bring to the premises of Employer any
copies or other tangible embodiments of non-public information belonging to or obtained from any such previous employer or other Person.

(k)Litigation
and Regulatory Cooperation. During and after the Term of this Agreement, Executive shall cooperate fully with Employer and its Affiliates
in the prosecution or defense of any claims or actions or other proceedings that have been or may be brought on behalf of or against Employer
or any of its Affiliates that relates to events or occurrences that transpired while Executive was employed by Employer. Executives
full cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but shall not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel
to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of Employer or any of its Affiliates at mutually convenient times.
During and after the Term of this Agreement, Executive also shall cooperate fully with Employer and its Affiliates in connection with
any examination, investigation or review by any federal, state or local regulatory authority that covers any period, or relates to events
or occurrences that transpired, while Executive was employed by Employer. Executive acknowledges that the performance by her of the covenants
and duties set forth in this Section 8(k) during the term of this Agreement are part of her duties under this Agreement and
that she shall not be entitled to any compensation therefor that is separate from or in addition to her compensation under this Agreement.
If Executive performs any of the duties as required by this Section 8(k) after the Term of this Agreement, as Executives
compensation therefor, Employer shall reimburse Executive for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the performance
by Executive of her duties under this Section 8(k).

10

(l)Equitable
Remedies. Executive acknowledges and agrees that it would be difficult to measure the damages that Employer will sustain as a result
of any breach by Executive of any of the Protective Covenants or any of the other agreements of Executive contained in this Section 8
and that monetary damages, in and of themselves, would not be an adequate remedy for any such breach. Accordingly, Executive agrees that
if she breaches, or threatens to breach, any of the Protective Covenants or any of the other agreements of Executive contained in this
Section 8, Employer shall be entitled, in addition to all other rights or remedies that it may have under this Agreement or under
applicable law, to bring an equitable proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction and, in any such proceeding, to be awarded (i) temporary,
preliminary and permanent injunctive relief to require Executive to halt any such breach, or to refrain from committing any threatened
breach (as the case may be), of any of such Protective Covenants or other agreements, and (ii) such other appropriate equitable remedies
to require Executive to comply with such Protective Covenants and other agreements, without having to show or prove any actual monetary
damages to Employer. Employer shall not be required to post a bond or monetary or other security as a condition to the issuance or continuation
of any such injunctive relief or the granting or continuance of such other equitable remedies provided for in this Section 8(l).

9.Arbitration
of Disputes. Except as otherwise provided in Section 8(i) above and the last sentence of this Section 9 with respect
to equitable proceedings and remedies, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the performance or non-performance
(actual or alleged) by either party of any of such party's respective obligations hereunder or any actual or alleged breach thereof, or
otherwise arising out of the Executives employment or the termination of that employment (including, without limitation, any claims
of unlawful employment discrimination whether based on age or otherwise) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be resolved exclusively
by binding arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by the parties or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of
the American Arbitration Association (AAA) in Orange County, California, in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution
Rules of the AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators. In the
event that any Person other than Executive or Employer may be a party with regard to any such controversy or claim, such controversy or
claim shall be submitted to arbitration subject to such other Persons agreement thereto. Judgment upon the award rendered by the
arbitrator in any such arbitration proceeding may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This Section 9 shall be specifically
enforceable. The reasonable fees and disbursements of the prevailing party's legal counsel, accountants and experts incurred in connection
with any such arbitration proceeding shall be paid by the non-prevailing party in such arbitration proceeding. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary that may be contained in this Section 9, each party shall be entitled to bring an action in any court of competent
jurisdiction for the purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary or permanent injunction or other equitable remedies
in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate.

10.Miscellaneous.

(a)Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Exhibits hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to the
subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to that subject matter.

(b)Assignment,
Successors and Assigns, etc. Neither Employer nor Executive may make any assignment, in whole or in part, of this Agreement or
any interest herein, by operation of law or otherwise, or delegate any of their respective duties hereunder, without the prior written
consent of the other party; provided, however, that Employer shall be entitled to assign this Agreement and delegate its
duties under this Agreement, without the consent of Executive, in the event that Employer shall consummate a reorganization, consolidate
or merge with or into any other Person, or sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any other Person. Subject
to the foregoing restrictions on assignment, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on Employer and Executive, and
their respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns.

11

(c)Enforceability.
If any portion or provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of this Agreement)
shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or
the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable,
shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted
by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Section 8(f), and not the provisions of this Section 10(c), shall apply
to the covenants and other agreements contained in and the provisions of Section 8 hereof.

(d)Waiver.
No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party. The failure of any party
to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any right or obligation under or
breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term, right or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any
prior or subsequent breach of the same obligation.

(e)Notices.
Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement ("Notices") shall be sufficient if in
writing and delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, to Executive at the last address Executive has filed in writing with the Employer or, in the case of
any Notice to be given to Employer, at its main offices, attention of the Chief Executive Officer, and shall be effective on the date
of delivery in person or by courier or three (3) days after the date such Notice is mailed by registered or certified mail, postage
prepaid and return receipt requested (whether or not the requested receipt is returned).

(f)Amendment.
This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized representative
of the Employer.

(g)Interpretation
and Construction of this Agreement. This Agreement is the result of arms-length bargaining by the parties, each party was represented
by legal counsel of such party's choosing in connection with the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and no provision of this Agreement
shall be construed against a party, due to an ambiguity therein or otherwise, by reason of the fact that such provision may have been
drafted by counsel for such party. For purposes of this Agreement: (i) the term "Person" shall mean, in addition
to any natural person, a corporation, limited liability company, general or limited partnership, joint venture, trust, estate or any other
entity; (ii) when used with reference to Employer, the term Affiliate shall mean any Person that controls, is
controlled by or is under common control with Employer and shall include FFB and its other subsidiaries; (iii) the term "including"
shall mean "including without limitation" or "including but not limited to"; (iv) the term "or"
shall not be deemed to be exclusive; and (v) the terms "hereof," "herein," "hereinafter,"
"hereunder," and "hereto," and any similar terms shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
the particular Section, paragraph or clause in which any such term is used, unless the context in which any such term is used clearly
indicates otherwise.

(h)Governing
Law. This Agreement is being entered into and will be performed in the State of California and shall be construed under and be governed
in all respects by and enforced under the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of
such State.

12

(i)Headings.
The Section and paragraph headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect, nor shall
be considered in connection with, the construction or application of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

(j)Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each such executed counterpart, and any photocopy or facsimile copy
thereof, shall constitute an original of this Agreement; but all such executed counterparts and photocopies and facsimile copies thereof
shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument.

11.Section 409A

(a) The
parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury
regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively Code Section 409A), and all provisions of this
Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A.
In no event whatsoever will Employer be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Code
Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A.

(b) A
termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment
of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following
a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A
and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment
or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified
employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision
of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation
from service, such payment or benefit shall be made or provided at the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of
the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of
Executives death (the Delay Period). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed
pursuant to this Subsection 11(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the
absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive
in a lump sum and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal
payment dates specified for them herein.

(c) With
regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code
Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another
benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not
affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, and (iii) such payments
shall be made on or before the last day of Executives taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. For
purposes of Code Section 409A, Executives right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated
as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with
reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination),
the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of Employer.

13

12.Restrictions
on Payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary that may be contained elsewhere in this Agreement, the payment of any compensation
provided under this Agreement is subject to and conditioned upon compliance with all applicable state and federal laws, rules and
regulations, including, but not limited to, the following:

(a) Clawback
and Offset. Any payments made under the Agreement may be subject to forfeiture or repayment (such forfeiture or repayment a clawback),
in the sole discretion of the Employers Board of Directors (or the board of directors of the Employers successor-in-interest),
if the payment is based on performance metrics that are determined to be materially inaccurate, manipulated or fraudulent in nature, or
if Employer (or its successors-in-interest) obtain information indicating the Executive has committed, is substantially responsible for,
or has violated, the respective acts or omissions, conditions, or offenses outlined under 12 C.F.R. 359.4(a)(4). The Employers
Board of Directors (or the board of directors of the Employers successor-in-interest) shall have authority to determine the amount
of the payment that may be forfeited or subject to repayment and may determine, in its sole discretion, not to implement a clawback, unless
the clawback is mandated by applicable laws. Unless otherwise paid back to the Employer by the Executive, the Employer (or its successor-in-interest)
shall have the right to offset the amount of the payment that is to be forfeited or repaid under this Section 12(a) against
any current amounts due to the Executive, including, but not limited to, salary, incentive compensation, stock awards, severance, deferred
compensation or any other funds due to the Executive from the Employer (or its successor-in-interest).

(b) Compliance
with Banking Laws. Any payments made pursuant to the Agreement shall be subject to and conditioned upon compliance with 12 U.S.C.
Section 1828(k) and any regulations promulgated thereunder. If any payments contemplated to be made by the Employer pursuant
to this Agreement may not be made in compliance with 12 U.S.C. Section 1828(k) and any regulations promulgated thereunder on
the effective date of the Executives termination of employment, such payments may never be made by the Employer. In addition, any
payments contemplated to be made by the Employer pursuant to this Agreement shall not be payable to the extent such payments are barred
or prohibited by an action or order issued to the Employer or any of its subsidiaries by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the
Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation or such other applicable banking regulatory
agency.

[signature page follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement
has been executed by Employer and by Executive as of the Effective Date.

EMPLOYER: 

FIRST FOUNDATION INC. 

By: /s/ Thomas C. Shafer 

Name: Thomas C. Shafer 

Title: CEO 

FIRST FOUNDATION BANK 

By: /s/ Thomas C. Shafer 

Name: Thomas C. Shafer 

Title: CEO 

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/ Simone Lagomarsino 

Name: Simone Lagomarsino 

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ffwm-20250211.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ffwm-20250211_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ffwm-20250211_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36461

Entity Registrant Name FIRST FOUNDATION INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001413837

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-8639702

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 200
Crescent Court

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1400

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75201

City Area Code 469

Local Phone Number 638-9636

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol FFWM

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ff-inc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ffwm-20250211.xsd 
ffwm-20250211_lab.xml 
ffwm-20250211_pre.xml 
tm256286d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-012975-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm256286d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001413837 

2025-02-11 
2025-02-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001413837 
8-K 
2025-02-11 
FIRST FOUNDATION INC. 
DE 
001-36461 
20-8639702 
200 Crescent Court 
Suite 1400 
Dallas 
TX 
75201 
469 
638-9636 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
FFWM 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>