<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001477932-25-001262.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0001477932-25-001262.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226080039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-25-001262
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250223
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Golden Matrix Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001437925
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				461814729
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41326
		FILM NUMBER:		25666223

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3651 LINDELL ROAD, STE D131
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-318-7548

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3651 LINDELL ROAD, STE D131
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Source Gold Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ibex Resources Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080618
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>gmgi_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?gmgi_8k.htm

0001437925false00014379252025-02-232025-02-23iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): February 23, 2025

Golden Matrix Group, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 

001-41326 

46-1814729

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

file number) 

(IRS Employer

IdentificationNo.)

3651 Lindell Road, Suite D131

Las Vegas, NV89103

(Address of principal executive offices)(zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (702) 318-7548

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.00001 Par Value Per Share 

GMGI 

The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

(The NASDAQ Capital Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Golden Matrix Group, Inc. (the Company, Golden Matrix, we and us) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 9, 2024, effective on April 1, 2024, we closed the transactions contemplated by that certain Sale and Purchase Agreement of Share Capital dated January 11, 2023 (as amended and restated from time to time, the Purchase Agreement) with Aleksandar Milovanovi (Milovanovi), Zoran Miloevi (Miloevi) and Sneana Boovi (Boovi, and collectively with Milovanovi and Miloevi, the Sellers), the former owners of Meridian Tech Drutvo Sa Ogranienom Odgovornou Beograd, a private limited company formed and registered in and under the laws of the Republic of Serbia (Meridian Serbia); Drutvo Sa Ogranienom Odgovornou Meridianbet Drutvo Za Proizvodnju, Promet Roba I Usluga, Export Import Podgorica, a private limited company formed and registered in and under the laws of Montenegro; Meridian Gaming Holdings Ltd., a company formed and registered in the Republic of Malta; and Meridian Gaming (Cy) Ltd, a company formed and registered in the republic of Cyprus (collectively, the Meridian Companies). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and effective on April 1, 2024, we acquired 100% of the Meridian Companies.

As part of the consideration for the acquisition, we agreed to pay the Sellers (i) $5,000,000 (the Contingent Cash Consideration) and (ii) 5,000,000 restricted shares of common stock which were originally due to the Sellers within five business days of October 9, 2024. 

Pursuant to an October 1, 2024, Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Sale and Purchase Agreement of Share Capital (the Fifth Amendment), the Purchase Agreement was amended to among other things, provide that a total of $2,000,000 of the Contingent Cash Consideration due to Milovanovi was agreed to be satisfied in shares of Company common stock, and the remaining $2,625,000 of Contingent Cash Consideration due to Milovanovi, was agreed to be deferred until at least November 9, 2024, and to thereafter be payable upon written demand by Milovanovi to the Company, within two (2) business days.

Subsequently, a total of $1,459,642 of the Contingent Cash Consideration due to Milovanovi was repaid by the Company in cash, leaving $1,165,358 due to Milovanovi (the Remaining Contingent Cash).

Debt Conversion Agreement

On February 23, 2025, the Company and Milovanovi entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement dated February 18, 2025 (the February 2025 Debt Conversion Agreement), pursuant to which the Company and Milovanovi agreed to convert the Remaining Contingent Cash into 647,422 shares of common stock of the Company, based on a conversion price of $1.80 per share (the Debt Conversion Shares).

Pursuant to the Debt Conversion Agreement, which included customary representations and warranties of the parties, Milovanovi agreed that the shares of common stock issuable in connection therewith were in full and complete satisfaction of the Remaining Contingent Cash.

* * * * *

The foregoing description of the February 2025 Debt Conversion Agreement, is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to the February 2025 Debt Conversion Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit10.1, which is incorporated in this Item 1.01 by reference in its entirety.

2

Indemnification Agreements

On or around February 24, 2025, the Company entered into indemnification agreements, in substantially the form attached as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (the Indemnification Agreements), with each director serving on the Companys board of directors (the Board), and each current executive officer of the Company (each, an Indemnitee). 

Each Indemnification Agreement provides that the Company shall indemnify each Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by law, if the Indemnitee was or is or becomes a party to or witness or other participant in, or is threatened to be made a party to or witness or other participant in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal, administrative, legislative or investigative (formal or informal) (each a Claim) by reason of (or arising in part out of) any event or occurrence related to the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (an Indemnifiable Event) against any and all expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and all other costs, expenses and obligations incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness in or participate in, any such Claim, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement of such Claim (collectively, Expenses), subject to certain requirements and determinations relating to an Indemnitees right to receive indemnification and advancement of Expenses as described in the Indemnification Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Indemnification Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Indemnification Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information and disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 above relating to the February 2025 Debt Conversion Agreement and the Debt Conversion Shares are incorporated into this Item 3.02 by reference in their entirety. The Company claims an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), for the issuance of the Debt Conversion Shares, since the offer and sale of such securities did not involve a public offering and the recipient was an accredited investor. The securities were offered without any general solicitation by us or our representatives. No underwriters or agents were involved in the foregoing issuance and we paid no underwriting discounts or commissions. The securities are subject to transfer restrictions, and the securities contain an appropriate legend stating that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. The securities were not registered under the Securities Act and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws.

Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description of Exhibit

10.1* 

Debt Conversion Agreement dated February 18, 2025, by and between Golden Matrix Group, Inc. and Aleksandar Milovanovi

10.2* 

Form of Indemnification Agreement

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

____ 

* Filed herewith.

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

GOLDEN MATRIX GROUP, INC. 

Date: February 26, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Anthony Brian Goodman 

Anthony Brian Goodman 

Chief Executive Officer 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>gmgi_ex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DEBT CONVERSION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
gmgi_ex101.htm

EXHIBIT 10.1 

DEBT CONVERSION AGREEMENT

This Debt Conversion Agreement (this Agreement) dated and effective February 18, 2025 (the Effective Date), is by and between, Golden Matrix Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and Aleksandar Milovanovi, an individual (Milovanovi); and a Creditor, each a Party and collectively the Parties.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, as of the date of this Agreement, the Company owes the Creditor $1,165,358 of Contingent Post-Closing Cash Consideration (as defined in the SPA)(the Remaining Contingent Cash Consideration) pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Sale and Purchase Agreement of Share Capital dated June 27, 2023, as amended by a (i) First Amendment to Amended and Restated Sale and Purchase Agreement of Share Capital, dated September 22, 2023 and effective June 27, 2023; (ii) Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Sale and Purchase Agreement of Share Capital, dated January 22, 2024; (iii) Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Sale and Purchase Agreement of Share Capital, dated April 4, 2024 and effective April 1, 2023; (iv) Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Sale and Purchase Agreement of Share Capital, dated June 17, 2024, and effective as of April 9, 2024; and (v) Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Sale and Purchase Agreement of Share Capital, dated on or around October 1, 2024 (as amended, the SPA or Purchase Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Creditor and the Company desire to convert the Remaining Contingent Cash Consideration, as discussed below, into shares of the Companys restricted common stock, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement set forth below (the Conversion); and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Creditor desire to set forth in writing herein the terms and conditions of their agreement and understanding concerning Conversion.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants, agreements, and considerations herein contained, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the Parties, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Consideration. 

(a) Effective on the Effective Date, and in consideration and in full satisfaction of:

(i) the Remaining Contingent Cash Consideration owed by the Company to Milovanovi under the Purchase Agreement (the Converted Amount), the Company shall issue Milovanovi that number of restricted shares of common stock of the Company as equals (i) the Converted Amount, divided by (ii) the Conversion Price (as defined below), rounded to the nearest whole share (the Shares).

(b) The Shares shall be issued in book-entry/non-certificated form.

(c) For the purposes of this Agreement, Conversion Price means $1.80.

Debt Conversion Agreement | February 2025

Golden Matrix Group, Inc. and 

Aleksandar Milovanovi 

Page 1 of 6

2. Full Satisfaction.

The Creditor agrees that he is accepting the Shares in full satisfaction of all amounts owed under, and in connection with, the Converted Amount, which is being converted into the Shares as described above and that as such, Creditor will no longer have any rights of repayment against the Company as to the amounts owed in connection with the Converted Amount which is being converted into the Shares according to this Agreement.

3. Mutual Representations, Covenants and Warranties.

(a) The Parties have all requisite power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Parties have duly and validly executed and delivered this Agreement and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parties hereto and thereto, this Agreement constitutes, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Parties enforceable against each Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general equitable principles.

(b) The execution and delivery by the Parties of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and shall not, by the lapse of time, the giving of notice or otherwise: (a) constitute a violation of any law; or (b) constitute a breach or violation of any provision contained in the document(s) regarding organization and/or management of the Parties, if applicable; or (c) constitute a breach of any provision contained in, or a default under, any governmental approval, any writ, injunction, order, judgment or decree of any governmental authority or any contract to which the Company or the Creditor is a party or by which the Company or the Creditor is bound or affected.

(c) The Parties hereby covenant that they will, whenever and as reasonably requested by another Party hereto, at such acting Partys reasonable cost and expense, do, execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such other and further acts, deeds, assignments, transfers, conveyances, confirmations, powers of attorney and any instruments of further assurance, approvals and consents as such Party may reasonably require in order to complete, insure and perfect the transactions contemplated herein.

(d) Any individual executing this Agreement on behalf of a Party has the authority to act on behalf of such Party and has been duly and properly authorized to sign this Agreement on behalf of such Party.

Debt Conversion Agreement | February 2025

Golden Matrix Group, Inc. and 

Aleksandar Milovanovi 

Page 1 of 6

4. Representations of the Creditor. The Creditor represents to the Company that:

(a) The Creditor is acquiring the Shares for his own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, a distribution, as that term is used in Section 2(11) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act, or the Act) in a manner which would require registration under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. Creditor can bear the economic risk of investment in the applicable Shares, has knowledge and experience in financial business matters, is capable of bearing and managing the risk of investment in the applicable Shares and is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act. Creditor recognizes that the applicable Shares are not registered under the Securities Act, nor under the securities laws of any state and, therefore, cannot be resold unless the resale of the applicable Shares is registered under the Securities Act or unless an exemption from registration is available.

(b) The Creditor has carefully considered and has, to the extent he believes such discussion necessary, discussed with his professional, legal, tax and financial advisors, the suitability of an investment in the applicable Shares for his particular tax and financial situation and his respective advisers, if such advisors were deemed necessary, have determined that the applicable Shares are a suitable investment for him. Creditor has not been offered the applicable Shares by any form of general solicitation or advertising, including, but not limited to, advertisements, articles, notices or other communications published in any newspaper, magazine, or other similar media or television or radio broadcast or any seminar or meeting where, to Creditors knowledge, those individuals that have attended have been invited by any such or similar means of general solicitation or advertising. Creditor has had an opportunity to ask questions of and receive satisfactory answers from the Company, or persons acting on behalf of the Company, concerning the terms and conditions of the Shares and the Company, and all such questions have been answered to the full satisfaction of Creditor. Neither Company, nor any other party, has supplied Creditor any information regarding the Shares or an investment in the Shares other than as contained in this Agreement, and Creditor is relying on his own investigation and evaluation of the Company and the Shares and not on any other information.

(c) The Creditor understands and agrees that a legend has been or will be placed on any certificate(s) or other document(s) evidencing the Shares in substantially the following form:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED OR ANY STATE SECURITIES ACT. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS (I) THEY SHALL HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES ACT, OR (II) THE CORPORATION SHALL HAVE BEEN FURNISHED WITH AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO COUNSEL FOR THE CORPORATION, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER ANY SUCH ACTS.

Debt Conversion Agreement | February 2025

Golden Matrix Group, Inc. and 

Aleksandar Milovanovi 

Page 1 of 6

(d) The Creditor hereby covenants that he will, whenever and as reasonably requested by the Company and at Creditors reasonable cost and expense, do, execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such other and further acts, deeds, assignments, transfers, conveyances, confirmations, powers of attorney and any instruments of further assurance, approvals and consents as the Company may reasonably require in order to complete, insure and perfect the transactions contemplated herein.

(e) The Creditor acknowledges that he is a sophisticated investor capable of assessing and assuming investment risks with respect to securities, including the Shares, and further acknowledges that the Company is entering into this Agreement with the Creditor in reliance on this acknowledgment and with Creditors understanding, acknowledgment and agreement that the Company is privy to material non-public information regarding the Company (collectively, the Non-Public Information), which Non-Public Information may be material to a reasonable investor, such as Creditor, when making investment disposition decisions, including the decision to enter into this Agreement, and Creditors decision to enter into the Agreement is being made with full recognition and acknowledgment that the Company is privy to the Non-Public Information, irrespective of whether such Non-Public Information has been provided to Creditor. Creditor hereby waives any claim, or potential claim, he has or may have against the Company relating to the Companys possession of Non-Public Information. Creditor has specifically requested that the Company not provide it with any Non-Public Information. Creditor understands and acknowledges that the Company would not enter into this Agreement in the absence of the representations and warranties set forth in this paragraph, and that these representations and warranties are a fundamental inducement to the Company in entering into this Agreement.

(f) The Creditor and each of his Affiliates (as defined in the SPA) is not in default in any of their material obligations, covenants or representations under the SPA, any of the Transaction Documents (as defined in the SPA), or any other agreement with the Company beyond any applicable cure periods therein.

Debt Conversion Agreement | February 2025

Golden Matrix Group, Inc. and 

Aleksandar Milovanovi 

Page 1 of 6

5. Miscellaneous.

(a) Assignment. All of the terms, provisions, and conditions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

(b) Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be construed under and governed by the laws of the State of Nevada, excluding any provision which would require the use of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

(c) Entire Agreement, Amendments, and Waivers. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties regarding the subject matter of the Agreement and expressly supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and commitments, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof. No variations, modifications, changes or extensions of this Agreement or any other terms hereof shall be binding upon any Party hereto unless set forth in a document duly executed by such Party or an authorized agent of such Party.

(d) Headings; Gender. The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and shall in no manner be construed as part of this Agreement. All references in this Agreement as to gender shall be interpreted in the applicable gender of the Parties.

(e) Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding on the Company and Creditor only upon execution of this Agreement by all Parties hereto. Upon such execution by all Parties hereto, this Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of each of the Parties and their respective heirs, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, employees, and personal representatives.

(f) Severability. Should any clause, sentence, paragraph, subsection, Section or Article of this Agreement be judicially declared to be invalid, unenforceable or void, such decision will not have the effect of invalidating or voiding the remainder of this Agreement, and the Parties agree that the part or parts of this Agreement so held to be invalid, unenforceable or void will be deemed to have been stricken herefrom by the Parties, and the remainder will have the same force and effectiveness as if such stricken part or parts had never been included herein.

(g) Arms Length Negotiations. Each Party herein expressly represents and warrants to all other Parties hereto that (a) before executing this Agreement, said Party has fully informed itself of the terms, contents, conditions, and effects of this Agreement; (b) said Party has relied solely and completely upon its own judgment in executing this Agreement; (c) said Party has had the opportunity to seek and has obtained the advice of its own legal, tax and business advisors before executing this Agreement; (d) said Party has acted voluntarily and of its own free will in executing this Agreement; and (e) this Agreement is the result of arms length negotiations conducted by and among the Parties and their respective counsel.

(h) Counterparts, Effect of Facsimile, Emailed and Photocopied Signatures. This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Agreement, and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar attachment to electronic mail (any such delivery, an Electronic Delivery) shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any Party, each other Party shall re-execute the original form of this Agreement and deliver such form to all other Parties. No Party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic Delivery as a defense to the formation of a contract, and each such Party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent such defense relates to lack of authenticity.

[Remainder of page left intentionally blank. Signature page follows.]

Debt Conversion Agreement | February 2025

Golden Matrix Group, Inc. and 

Aleksandar Milovanovi 

Page 1 of 6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first written above.

Company

Golden Matrix Group, Inc. 

/s/ Anthony Brian Goodman 

Anthony Brian Goodman 

Chief Executive Officer 

Creditor 

/s/ Aleksandar Milovanovi 

Name: Aleksandar Milovanovi 

Debt Conversion Agreement | February 2025

Golden Matrix Group, Inc. and 

Aleksandar Milovanovi 

Page 1 of 6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>gmgi_ex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
gmgi_ex102.htm

EXHIBIT 10.2

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Indemnification Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of February 24, 2025, between GOLDEN MATRIX GROUP, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and ______________ (Indemnitee).

WITNESSETH THAT:

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers, and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS) and the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (the Articles) authorize indemnification of the directors, officers, employees, fiduciaries and agents of the Company. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (the Bylaws) provide that the Company will indemnify the directors and officers of the Company. The NRS expressly provides that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and persons acting on behalf of the Company with respect to indemnification

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of any indemnification provisions in the Articles and/or the Bylaws of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the NRS, the Bylaws and insurance as adequate in the present circumstances, and may not be willing to serve or continue to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he or she be so indemnified.

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 1 of 14

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve as an officer and/or a director from and after the date of this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Indemnity and Defense of Indemnitee. The Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time. In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without limiting the generality thereof:

(a) Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined), Indemnitee was or is a party, or is threatened to be made a party, to any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), the Company shall indemnify, defend, and hold Indemnitee harmless from and against all Expenses (as hereinafter defined), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee either (i) is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or (ii) acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. Indemnitees right to a defense includes all claims and/or relief, at law and in equity, asserted against him or her by reasons of his or her Corporate Status and Indemnitee shall have the right to select his own counsel, to the extend this is not in conflict with any insurance policy, and the Company shall bear the entire costs for fees and expenses for said defense. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section 1(b) if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 1(b), the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matters therein, if Indemnitee either (i) is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or (ii) acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses or other amounts shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the Company or for amounts paid in settlement to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that in view of all the circumstances in the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper.

(c) Termination of Proceeding. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create an inference or presumption either that Indemnitee is liable pursuant to NRS 78.138, that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful. The Company acknowledges that such a resolution, short of final judgment, may be successful on the merits if it permits a party to avoid expense, delay, distraction, disruption and uncertainty. In the event that any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such Proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in such Proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

(d) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a party to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her on his or her behalf in connection with the defense of the Proceeding. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 2 of 14

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, he or she was or is a party, or is threatened to be made a party, to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company), including, without limitation, all liability arising out of the simple or gross negligence, recklessness, or active or passive wrongdoing of Indemnitee. The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement shall be that the Company shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 hereof) to be unlawful.

3. Contribution.

(a) Whether or not the indemnification provided in Section 1 and Section 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall pay the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction from which such Proceeding arose provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the events that resulted in such expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which applicable law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive.

(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors, or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s).

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 3 of 14

(e) The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee may have rights to indemnification for payment of the judgment or settlement amount provided by another entity (Other Indemnitor(s)). The Company agrees with Indemnitee that the Company is the indemnitor of first resort of Indemnitee with respect to matters for which indemnification is provided under this Agreement and that the Company will be obligated to make all payments due to or for the benefit of Indemnitee under this agreement without regard to any rights that Indemnitee may have against the Other Indemnitor(s). The Company hereby waives any equitable rights to contribution or indemnification from the Other Indemnitor in respect of any amounts paid to Indemnitee hereunder until such time as the Indemnitee has been fully and finally indemnified. The Company further agrees that no payment of Expenses or losses by the Other Indemnitor(s) to or for the benefit of Indemnitee shall affect the obligations of the Company hereunder.

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, is a witness, or is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or otherwise asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, in connection therewith.

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with defending any Proceeding within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and Indemnitee shall also submit a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company against such Expenses. Any advances and undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. In furtherance of the foregoing, Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay such amounts advanced if, and to the extent that, it shall ultimately be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

6. Procedures and Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the NRS and public policy of the State of Nevada. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement:

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, the Company is actually and materially prejudiced as a result of such failure.

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following three methods, which shall be at the election of the Board (i) by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors (as defined below), (ii) if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors so orders, or if a quorum of Disinterested Directors cannot be obtained, by Independent Counsel (as defined below) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iii) by the stockholders of the Company.

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 4 of 14

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, if a request for indemnification is made after a Change in Control, at the election of Indemnitee made in writing to the Company, and if the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors orders the determination of Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification to be made by an Independent Counsel, or if a quorum of Disinterested Directors cannot be obtained, any determination required to be made pursuant to Section 6(b) above as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall be made by Independent Counsel selected as provided in this Section 6(c). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee, unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board. The party making the selection shall give written notice to the other party advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. The party receiving such notice may, within seven (7) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the other party a written objection to such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 13 hereof, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (or, if selected, such selection shall have been objected to) in accordance with this paragraph, then either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the courts of the State of Nevada or other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom an objection is favorably resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(c) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable and necessary fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

(d) If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(d). If the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 13 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (or, if selected, such selection shall have been objected to) in accordance with this paragraph, then either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the appropriate courts of the State of Nevada or other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom an objection is favorably resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 6(d), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed.

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 5 of 14

(e) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

(f) Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. The Company will promptly advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied.

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, if the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have been appointed or shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, unless the Company establishes by written opinion of Independent Counsel that (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law provided, however, that such sixty (60) day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(g) shall not apply if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination, the Disinterested Directors resolve as required by Section 6(b)(iii) of this Agreement to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat.

(h) Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Independent Counsel or member of the Board or stockholder of the Company shall act reasonably and in good faith in making a determination regarding Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 6 of 14

7. Remedies of Indemnitee.

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) or Section 6(c) of this Agreement within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, or such longer period, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, to which the period may be extended pursuant to Section 6(g), (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of expenses either, at Indemnitees sole option, in (1) an appropriate court of the State of Nevada, or any other court of competent jurisdiction or (2) an arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator, selected by mutual agreement of the Company and Indemnitee, pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication.

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) or Section 6(c) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, (i) any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in all respects de novo on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of any adverse determination under Section 6(b) or Section 6(c) and (ii) in any such judicial proceeding or arbitration, the Company shall have the burden of proving that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement.

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) or Section 6(c), or shall have been deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6(g), of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be obligated to pay the amounts constituting such indemnification within five (5) days after such determination has been made or has been deemed to have been made and shall be conclusively bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 7, unless the Company establishes by written opinion of Independent Counsel that (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading in connection with the request for indemnification exists, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification exists under applicable law.

(d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, seeks a judicial adjudication of, or an award in arbitration to enforce, his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company shall pay to him or her, or on his or her behalf, in advance, and shall indemnify him or her against, any and all expenses (of the types described in the definition of Expenses in Section 13 of this Agreement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in such judicial adjudication or arbitration, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance recovery.

(e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefore) advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, such expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee for indemnification or advance of Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement of Expenses or insurance recovery, as the case may be.

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 7 of 14

8. Non-Exclusivity Survival of Rights Insurance Subrogation. 

(a) The rights of indemnification and advancement of expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of, and shall be in addition to, any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles or the Bylaws of the Company, any agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors of the Company, or otherwise, and nothing in this Agreement shall diminish or otherwise restrict Indemnitees rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses under any of the foregoing. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the NRS, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Articles, the Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change and Indemnitee shall be deemed to have such greater benefits hereunder. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. The Company shall not adopt any amendments to its Articles or Bylaws, the effect of which would be to deny, diminish or encumber Indemnitees right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Agreement, any other agreement or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee.

(b) The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

(c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights (with all of Indemnitees reasonable expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and charges, related thereto to be reimbursed by or, at the option of Indemnitee, advanced by the Company).

(d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise.

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 8 of 14

9. Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision or

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law or

(c) for any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or

(d) for any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the Exchange Act or

(e) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company (other than to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement) or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board of the Company authorized the Proceeding (or such part of the Proceeding) prior to its initiation, or (ii) the Company indemnifies Indemnitee, in its sole discretion, independently of this Agreement pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

10. Retroactive Effect Duration of Agreement Successors and Binding Agreement. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall be deemed to have become effective upon the date Indemnitee first had Corporate Status shall continue during the period Indemnitee has Corporate Status and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee may be subject to any Proceeding (or any action commenced under Section 7 hereof) by reason of his or her Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives. The Company shall require any such successor to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee and his or her counsel, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 10, this Agreement shall not be assignable or delegable by the Company.

11. Security. To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board of the Company, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

12. Enforcement.

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumes the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve, or continue to serve, as an officer or a director of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as an officer or a director of the Company.

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 9 of 14

13. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

(a) Change in Control means the occurrence of any one of the following events:

(i) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company

(ii) any Person as such term is used in Section 13(d) and Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act becomes, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act of securities of the Company that represent more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding voting securities (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities) provided, however, that for purposes of this Section 13(a)(ii), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (I) any acquisition directly from the Company, (II) any acquisition by the Company, (III) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company and/or to the extent provided by the Board, any person or entity in which the Company has a significant interest, (IV) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction that complies with Sections 13(a)(iv)(A) and 13(a)(iv)(B), (V) any acquisition involving beneficial ownership of less than 50% of the then-outstanding shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (and any stock or other securities into which such ordinary shares may be converted or into which they may be exchanged) (the Outstanding Company Common Shares) or the Outstanding Company Voting Securities that is determined by the Board, based on review of public disclosure by the acquiring Person with respect to its passive investment intent, not to have a purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of the Company provided, however, that for purposes of this clause (V), any such acquisition in connection with (x) an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents or (y) any Business Combination (as defined below) shall be presumed to be for the purpose or with the effect of changing or influencing the control of the Company

(iii) during any period of not more than two (2) consecutive years, individuals who constitute the Board as of the beginning of the period (the Incumbent Directors) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to the beginning of such period, whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director, without written objection to such nomination) will be an Incumbent Director provided, however, that no individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to directors or as a result of any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of any person other than the Board will be deemed to be an Incumbent Director

(iv) consummation of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation (a Business Combination) of the Company with any other corporation, unless, following such Business Combination, (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities that were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Common Shares and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent securities) and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent governing body), as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, an entity that, as a result of such transaction, owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Shares and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, and (B) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent governing body) of the entity resulting from such Business Combination were Incumbent Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or of the action of the Board providing for such Business Combination or

(v) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company.

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 10 of 14

(b) Corporate Status means the fact that a person is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise.

(c) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(d) Enterprise shall mean the Company, and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries) is a party, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the express written request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, employee, agent or fiduciary.

(e) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred or actually incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery in a Proceeding. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersede as bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Should any payments by the Company to or for the account of Indemnitee under this Agreement be determined to be subject to any federal, state or local income or excise tax, Expenses shall also include such amounts as are necessary to place Indemnitee in the same after-tax position (after giving effect to all applicable taxes) Indemnitee would have been in had no such tax been determined to apply to those payments. The parties agree that for the purposes of any advancement of Expenses for which Indemnitee has made written demand to the Company in accordance with this Agreement, all Expenses included in such demand that are certified by affidavit of Indemnitees counsel as being reasonable in the good faith judgment of such counsel shall be presumed conclusively to be reasonable. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

(f) Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 11 of 14

(g) Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal, administrative, legislative or investigative (formal or informal); in each case whether or not Indemnitees Corporate Status existed at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce his or her rights under this Agreement.

14. Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. In the event any provision hereof conflicts with any applicable law, such provision shall be deemed modified, consistent with the aforementioned intent, to the extent necessary to resolve such conflict.

15. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

16. Notice by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company.

17. Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent:

(a) To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto.

(b) To the Company at:

Golden Matrix Group, Inc.

3651 Lindell Road, Suite D131

Las Vegas, NV 89103 

Attention: Secretary

Email: brian@goldenmatrix.com 

or to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be.

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 12 of 14

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

20. Successors and Assigns. The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company) and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors, administrators and other legal representatives.

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (other than an arbitration pursuant to Section 7 hereof) shall be brought only in the appropriate court of the State of Nevada (the Nevada Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Nevada Court for purposes of such action or proceeding, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Nevada Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Nevada Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

Indemnification Agreement

Page 13 of 14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written.

COMPANY 

GOLDEN MATRIX GROUP, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

INDEMNITEE 

Name: 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement]

Indemnification Agreement 

Page 14 of 14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>gmgi-20250223.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gmgi-20250223_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gmgi-20250223_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gmgi-20250223_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gmgi-20250223_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 23, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name Golden Matrix Group, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001437925

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Document Period End Date Feb. 23, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41326

Entity Incorporation State Country Code NV

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-1814729

Entity Address Address Line 1 3651 Lindell Road

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite D131

Entity Address City Or Town Las Vegas

Entity Address State Or Province NV

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 89103

City Area Code 702

Local Phone Number 318-7548

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.00001 Par Value Per Share

Trading Symbol GMGI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://gmgi.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

gmgi-20250223.xsd 
gmgi-20250223_cal.xml 
gmgi-20250223_def.xml 
gmgi-20250223_lab.xml 
gmgi-20250223_pre.xml 
gmgi_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001477932-25-001262-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>gmgi_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001437925 

2025-02-23 
2025-02-23 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0001437925 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-23 
Golden Matrix Group, Inc. 
NV 
001-41326 
46-1814729 
3651 Lindell Road 
Suite D131 
Las Vegas 
NV 
89103 
702 
318-7548 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.00001 Par Value Per Share 
GMGI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>