<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001065.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001065.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106172024
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241230
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REED'S, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001140215
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				352177773
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32501
		FILM NUMBER:		25512366

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 MERRITT 7
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06851
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800 997 3337

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 MERRITT 7
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06851

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REED'S INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REEDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORIGINAL BEVERAGE CORP /
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010508
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000114021500011402152024-12-302024-12-30iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 30, 2024

REEDS,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-32501 35-2177773

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

501
Merritt 7, Norwalk, CT06851

(Address
of principal executive offices and zip code)

Not
applicable

(Former
name or former address if changed since last report)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (203)890-0557

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
December 30, 2024, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement of even date, Reeds, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Reeds
or the company) issued and sold an aggregate of 14,705,882 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, to accredited
investors for aggregate gross proceeds of $10,000,000. The purchase price per share was $0.68.

The
securities purchase agreement includes standard representations, warranties, mutual indemnification provisions and covenants of the company
and investors. A customary liquidated damages provision is included to address a buy-in failure. The parties also entered into a registration
rights agreement pursuant to which Reeds agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-1, at its sole expense, to register
the shares for resale within 45 days. The registration rights agreement contains additional customary deadlines and mutual indemnification
provisions.

Reeds
intends to use the net proceeds from the transaction for working capital and general corporate purposes,
including but not limited to investing in personnel and marketing resources, pursing strategic transactions and expanding internationally.

The
foregoing descriptions of the securities purchase agreement and the registration rights agreement are qualified by reference to the full
text of such agreements, attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and incorporated herein
by this reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 are incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The shares were issued in a private placement pursuant
to the exemption from registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided in Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b)
promulgated thereunder and/or Regulation S. The shares were sold in an offshore transaction that did not involve a public offering.

Item
8.01 Other Events

On
January 6, 2025, Reeds issued a press release announcing the private placement disclosed in Item 1.01 above. The press release
is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by this reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

The
following exhibit is furnished with this Current Report on Form 8-K:

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1
Securities
Purchase Agreement dated December 30, 2024

10.2. Registration
Rights Agreement dated December 30, 2024

99.1 Press Release dated January 6, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

REEDS,
INC.,

a
Delaware corporation

Dated:
January 6, 2025 By: /s/
Norman E. Snyder, Jr.

Norman
E. Snyder, Jr.,

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) by and between Reeds, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and each purchaser identified herein (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively,
the Purchasers) is dated and effective December 30, 2024. Purchasers are participating in the Companys Public
Investment in Private Equity (PIPE) of up to $10,000,000.

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser,
and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described
in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
The Recitals set forth in the preamble of this Agreement are incorporated into this Agreement by reference.

1.2
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.2:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.4.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on or before December 31, 2024, on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and
delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription
Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Shares, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

1

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Barton LLP, with offices located at 100 Wilshire, Suite 1300, Santa Monica, CA 90401.

Effective
Date means the earliest of the date that (a) the initial Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission,
(b) all of the Shares have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company
to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (c)
following the one year anniversary of the Closing Date provided that a holder of Shares is not at the time an Affiliate of the Company,
or (d) all of the Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act without volume
or manner-of-sale restrictions and Company Counsel has delivered to such holders a standing written unqualified opinion that resales
may then be made by such holders of the Shares pursuant to such exemption which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to such holders.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

2

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Majority
Stockholder means D&D Source of Life Holding, Ltd.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $0.68, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, among the Company and the Purchasers,
in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Registration
Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering
the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

3

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Signature
Page means a Purchasers signature page to this Agreement.

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares purchased hereunder as specified below such
Purchasers name on the Signature Page and next to the heading Subscription Amount.

Subsidiary
means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof. The Company has no Subsidiaries.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement and all schedules and exhibits thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Transfer Online, Inc. the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 512 SE Salmon St. Portland,
OR 97214 and a facsimile number of (503) 227-6874, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

4

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, (i) the Company agrees to sell, and each of the Purchaser, severally
and not jointly, agrees to subscribe for and purchase, the number of Shares as set forth on each Purchasers Signature Page for
the Subscription Amount also set forth on such Purchasers Signature Page, (ii) Each Purchaser will deliver to the Companys
bank account listed below, via wire transfer or ACH, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount
payable in cash as set forth on such Purchasers Signature Page, (iii) the Company will deliver to each Purchaser the number of
Shares set forth on each Purchasers respective Signature Page, and (iv) the Company and each Purchaser will deliver the other
items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2
and 2.3, the Closing shall occur remotely by electronic means or other means as the parties may mutually agree.

Account
Name: Reeds, Inc.

Bank:
City National Bank

Routing
Number: 122016066

Account
Number: 017 309 722

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver a certificate evidencing a number
of Shares subscribed by Purchaser;

(iii)
the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company; and

(iv)
a duly executed waiver by the Majority Stockholder of its preemptive rights solely with regard to this Offering.

5

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii)
the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(iii)
a fully completed and duly executed Selling Stockholder Questionnaire in the form attached as Annex C to the Registration Rights Agreement.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a
specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, a banking moratorium shall not have been declared either by the United States or New York State
authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity
of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment
of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Shares at the Closing.

6

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. The Company has no direct or indirect subsidiaries. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to
the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

7

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, filing with the Commission of a Registration Statement, (ii) the notice and/or application(s)
to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Shares and the listing of the Shares, and (iii) the filing of Form
D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required
Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than
restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement.

8

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company and the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially by Affiliates of
the Company is set forth on Schedule 3.1(g). The issuance and sale of the Shares pursuant to the terms set forth in this Agreement will
not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers)
or violate the right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right of any Person to participate in
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any
Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance
of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that
contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock
appreciation rights or phantom stock outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws,
and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.
No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the
Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys
capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. With the exception of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022 and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2023, which were filed late on May 15, 2023 and
June 1, 2023, respectively, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed
by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years
preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the
SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC
Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer
subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at
the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments.

9

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables
and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be
reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission and (iii) the
Company has not altered its method of accounting (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other
property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock. The
Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to Company stock option plans, as
reflected on Schedule 3.1(g). The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information.
Except for the issuance of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development
has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its businesses, prospects, properties,
operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the
time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this
representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and claims tendered to insurance carriers, there is no action, suit, inquiry,
notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company,
any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory
authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions, (i) adversely
affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Shares or (ii) could, if there
were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary,
nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal
or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not
pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the
Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed
by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

10

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company does not own any real property. Certain funds affiliated by Whitebox Advisors, LLC hold a senior
security interest in all of the Companys assets and intellectual property securing a $10,000,000 revolving term loan that matures
on November 14, 202, as disclosed in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 19, 2024. Any real
property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable
leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date
of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe
upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge
of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any
of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that
it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

12

(r)
Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated
by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain
a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
(such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

13

(t)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any brokerage or finder fees or with
respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Shares by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
hereby. The issuance and sale of the Shares hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(v)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares, will
not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w)
Registration under 12(g) and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating
the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating
terminating such registration.

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Shares and the Purchasers ownership of the Shares.

(y)
Disclosure. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date
of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made
and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

14

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Shares
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa)
Indebtedness. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness. Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $150,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business.

(bb)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Shares
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Shares for sale only to the Purchasers and certain
other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is Weinberg & Co., PA. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting
firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the
financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

15

(ee)
No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company
is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any
of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase
of Shares. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(g) and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to
which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock and
(iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities
at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, , and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value
of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted.
The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of
the Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of
the Company.

(hh)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

16

(ii)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(jj)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(kk)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(ll)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(mm)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Shares to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities
Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company
participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities,
calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with
the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

17

(nn)
Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be
paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Shares.

(oo)
Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Own Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Shares are restricted securities and have not been registered under
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Shares as principal for its own account and not with a
view to or for distributing or reselling such Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Shares in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of
such Shares in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting
such Purchasers right to sell the Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal
and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

18

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Shares, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, : (i) an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional
buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. Further, Purchaser acknowledges, by virtue of Purchasers position
with the Company, Purchaser is in possession of and continues to have access to, certain confidential information and material non-public
information of the Company typically reserved for the Board of Directors.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Shares, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment
in the Shares and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Shares as a result of any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television
or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Shares and the merits and risks of investing in the Shares; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(g)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received notification (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

19

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Transfer Restrictions.

(a)
The Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Shares other
than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with
a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel
selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Shares under the Securities Act. As
a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights
and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

(b)
The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Shares in the following
form:

THESE
SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE
UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE
EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR
OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

20

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer
pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company
and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no
notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable
documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities,
including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of
any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act
to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders set forth (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder.

(c)
Certificates evidencing the Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof), (i) while
a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities
Act, (ii) following any sale of such Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (iii) if such Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the
requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Shares and without
volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including
judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal
opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly after the Effective Date if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal
of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in
compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 or if the Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement
for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Shares or if such legend is
not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued
by the staff of the Commission) then such Shares shall be issued free of all legends. If the Company agrees that following the Effective
Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2)
Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery
by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive
legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing
such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions
to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Shares subject to legend
removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime
broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive
legend.

21

(d)
In addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities are submitted
to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date
until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered)
to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such Purchaser that
is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number of shares
of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock
that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of such
Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common
Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price)
over the product of (A) such number of Shares or that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date
multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the
delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment
under this clause (ii).

(e)
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Shares
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Shares are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan
of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Shares
as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding. Each Purchaser, severally and
not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees that if it is notified by the Company in writing at any time that the registration statement
registering the resale of the Shares is not effective or that the prospectus included in such registration statement no longer complies
with the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act, the Purchaser will refrain from selling such Shares until such time as the
Purchaser is notified by the Company that such registration statement is effective or such prospectus is compliant with Section 10 of
the Exchange Act, unless such Purchaser is able to, and does, sell such Shares pursuant to an available exemption from the registration
requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act. Both the Company and its Transfer Agent, and their respective directors, officers, employees
and agents, may rely on this subsection (e) and each Purchaser hereunder will indemnify and hold harmless each of such persons from any
breaches or violations of this paragraph.

22

4.2
Furnishing Information. In order to enable the Purchasers to sell the Shares under Rule 144 of the Securities Act, for a period
of two years from the Closing, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect
thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to
the Exchange Act. During such two-year period, if the Company is not required to file reports pursuant to such laws, it will prepare
and furnish to the Purchasers and make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such information as is required for the Purchasers
to sell the Shares under Rule 144.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Shares or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the
Shares for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing
of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Shares under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.5
Non-Public Information. The material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents shall
be disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K no later than the fourth business day following execution of this Agreement, Each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are publicly disclosed by the Company, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction.
Each Purchaser acknowledges that by virtue of its relationship with the Company, such Purchaser may be deemed to be in possession of
material non-public information from time to time. Each Purchaser acknowledges and agrees to comply with applicable securities laws and
the Companys policies applicable to Purchaser from time to time.

4.6
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder for working capital and general
corporate purposes.

23

4.7
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or
any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such
Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws
or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct).
If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such
Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with
counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing,
(ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there
is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position
of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such
separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party
effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent,
but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification
required by this Section 4.7 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense,
as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action
or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

24

4.8
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

4.9
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently quoted. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other
Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all
of the Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably
necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys
reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility
of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including,
without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection
with such electronic transfer.

4.10
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser and is intended for the Company to treat the
Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase,
disposition or voting of Shares or otherwise.

4.11
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees
that the Transaction documents (i) do not restrict or prohibit Purchaser from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company
in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transaction contemplated by this Agreement is first publicly
announced. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio
managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment
decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall
only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares
covered by this Agreement.

4.12
Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Shares as required under Regulation D
and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Shares for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under
applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly
upon request of any Purchaser.

25

4.13
Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Shares may result in dilution of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its
obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Shares pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the
effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance
may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the tenth (10th) Trading Day following the date hereof due to Companys
non-performance; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by
any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Shares to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits, annexes and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the Signature Pages attached
hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (Eastern time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice
or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the Signature
Pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (Eastern time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd)
Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the
Signature Pages attached hereto.

26

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on
the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by
the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers)
shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed
to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement
hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.
Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser
relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected
Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Shares and the
Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Shares, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred
Shares, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in Section 4.7.

27

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.7, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 (e.g., www.docusign.com),
such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

28

5.14
Replacement of Shares. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company
shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu
of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Shares.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

29

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories effective as of December 30, 2024.

REEDS,
INC. Address
for Notice:

By: 201
Merritt 7

Name: Norman
E. Snyder, Jr. Corporate Park 

Title: CEO Norwalk,
CT 06851 

Email:
nsnyder@reedsinc.com

With a copy to (which shall not
constitute notice): 

Ruba Qashu 

Barton LLP 

Email: rqashu@bartonesq.com 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[Signature
Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO REEDS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories.

Name
of Purchaser: _____________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: ________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser: __________________________________

Shares
(U.S. $0.68 per Share): __________________________________

EIN
Number (for U.S. Persons only): __________________________________

SCHEDULE
3.1(G)

Capitalization

November
27, 2024 

Warrants 549,292 

Common stock equivalent of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock 753 

Vested restricted common stock 0 

Unvested restricted common stock - 

Options 128,309 

Total Dilutive 678,354 

Outstanding Shares 30,665,365 

Total outstanding and dilutive 31,343,719 

Beneficial
Ownership

Named Beneficial
Owner Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Number
of Shares

Beneficially
Owned Percentage
of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 

Shufeng Deng (2) 27,139,519 87.8 %

Norman E. Snyder, Jr. (2) 83,181 0.3 %

Joann Tinnelly (3) 31,982 0.1 %

Christopher Burleson (4) 29,369 0.1 %

Lewis Jaffe (5) 7,395 0.0 %

Directors and Named Executive Officers as a
group (5 persons) 27,291,446 88.0 %

5% or greater stockholders 

D&D Source of Life Holding Ltd. 27,139,520 87.8 %

* Less than 1%

(1)
Shufen Deng has voting and dispositive control over shares held by D&D Source of Life Holding Ltd.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is dated and effective December 30, 2024, by and between Reeds,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the several purchasers signatory hereto (each such purchaser,
a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers).

This
Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and each Purchaser
(the Purchase Agreement).

The
Company and each Purchaser hereby agrees as follows:

1.
Definitions.

Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the
Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Advice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Closing
Date has the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

Effectiveness
Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 70th calendar
day following the Closing Date (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 90th calendar day following
the Closing Date) and with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section
3(c), the 45th calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder
(or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 90th calendar day following the date such additional
Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder); provided, however, that in the event the Company is notified
by the Commission that one or more of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review
and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth Trading Day following the date on which the
Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls
on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day.

Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Filing
Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, the 45th calendar day following
the Closing Date and, with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section
3(c), the earliest practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related
to the Registrable Securities.

Holder
or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Initial
Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement.

Losses
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Plan
of Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Prospectus
means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information
previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the
offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to
the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference
in such Prospectus.

Registrable
Securities means, as of any date of determination, all Shares and any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split,
dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided, however, that any such
Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness
of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) so long as (i) a Registration Statement with respect
to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities
have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (ii) such Registrable Securities have been
previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, (iii) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered
and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise,
conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any
Affiliate of the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice of counsel to the Company.

2

Registration
Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration
statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such
registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated
by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement.

Rule
415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

SEC
Guidance means (i) any publicly available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements
or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

2.
Registration.

(a)
On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale
of all of the Registrable Securities that are not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on
a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-1 (except if the Company is then
eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on Form S-3 in accordance
herewith) subject to the provisions of Section 2(e)) and shall contain substantially the Plan of Distribution attached
hereto as Annex A and substantially the Selling Stockholder section attached hereto as Annex B; provided,
however, that no Holder shall be required to be named as an underwriter without such Holders express prior
written consent. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed
under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 3(c)) to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly
as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its best efforts
to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered
by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information
requirement under Rule 144, as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed
and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall telephonically
request effectiveness of a Registration Statement as of 5:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall immediately notify
the Holders via e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms
effectiveness with the Commission, which shall be the date requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall,
by 9:30 a.m. (Eastern time) on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with
the Commission as required by Rule 424.

3

(b)
Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable
Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration
statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments
to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted
to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-1 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary
offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e);; provided, however, that prior to filing such amendment, the Company
shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities
in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09.

(c)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of
registrable securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding
that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of registrable
securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities
to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced and is subordinate in priority of registration rights held by prior investors
that are not current Affiliates of the Company.

In
the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least three (3) Trading Days prior written notice along with the
calculations as to such Holders allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with
the foregoing, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by Commission or SEC Guidance
provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-1 or such other form
available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement,
as amended.

4

(d)
If Form S-1 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the
resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-1
as soon as such form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect
until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-1 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission.

(e)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate
of a Holder as any Underwriter without the prior written consent of such Holder.

3.
Registration Procedures.

In
connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

(a)
Not less than five (5) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to
the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed
to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed,
which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders,
and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall
be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning
of the Securities Act. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto
to which the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is
notified of such objection in writing no later than five (5) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration
Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements
thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex C
(a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire) on a date that is not more than five (5) Trading Days following the date
of this Agreement. At least ten (10) Trading Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement for any registration
under this Agreement, the Company will notify each Holder of the information the Company requires from that Holder other than the information
contained in the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire, if any, which shall be completed and delivered to the Company promptly upon request
and, in any event, within five (5) Trading Days prior to the applicable anticipated filing date. Each Holder further agrees that it shall
not be entitled to be named as a selling securityholder in the Registration Statement or use the Prospectus for offers and resales of
Registrable Securities at any time, unless such Holder has returned to the Company a completed and signed Selling Stockholder Questionnaire
and a response to any requests for further information as described in the previous sentence. Each Holder acknowledges and agrees that
the information in the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire or request for further information as described in this Section 3.(a) will be
used by the Company in the preparation of the Registration Statement and hereby consents to the inclusion of such information in the
Registration Statement.

5

(b)
Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus
used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable
Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to
register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented
by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration
Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably possible to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence
from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein
which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material
respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable
Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with
the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus
as so supplemented.

(c)
If during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock
then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case, prior to
the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such
Registrable Securities.

(d)
Notify the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied
by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible
(and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm
such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review
of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to
a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or
any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional
information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings
for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption
from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding
for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration
Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement,
Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending
corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company,
makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus; provided,
however, that in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and the Company agrees that the Holders shall not have any duty of confidentiality
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and shall not have any duty to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries not to trade on the basis
of such information.

6

(e)
Use its best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness
of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable
Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

(f)
Furnish to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including
financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested
by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference)
promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or
successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form.

(g)
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto
by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and
any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

(h)
Prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate
with the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification) of
such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United
States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during
the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions
of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally
to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction
where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction and (ii) cooperate with the
Holders in connection with any filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (or any successor agency
thereto).

(i)
If requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable
Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted
by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered
in such names as any such Holder may request.

7

(j)
Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into
account the Companys good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure
of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to
the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document
so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with
clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus
have been made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of
the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(j)
to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus for a period not to exceed 60 calendar days (which need not be
consecutive days) in any 12-month period.

(k)
Otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any
supplement or amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in writing
if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof,
the Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions
as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder.

(l)
[RESERVED]

(m)
The Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control
over the shares.

(n)
The Company shall comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, and shall make generally available to its security
holders an earnings statement (which need not be audited) satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act as soon as
practicable after the effective date of any Registration Statement and in any event no later than forty five (45) days after the end
of the twelve (12) month period (or ninety (90) days, if such period is a fiscal year) beginning with the first month of the Companys
first fiscal quarter commencing after the effective date of any Registration Statement.

8

4.
Registration Expenses. All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Agreement by the Company shall
be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses
referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation,
fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with
the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for
trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including,
without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the
Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities),
(iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability
insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its
internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without
limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual
audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required
hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any Holder or, except to the extent
provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

5.
Indemnification.

(a)
Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless
each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities
as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees
(and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any
other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with
a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such
controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as
incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement,
any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of
or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading
or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any
rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but
only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements, alleged untrue statements , omissions or alleged omissions are based solely upon
information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that
such information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed
and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or
supplement thereto (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence
of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable
Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable
for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(d), or (iii) any such Losses arise
out of the Purchasers (or any other indemnified Persons) failure to send or give a copy of the Prospectus or supplement
(as then amended or supplemented), if required, to the Persons asserting an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission at or prior to the written confirmation of the sale of Registrable Securities to such Person
if such statement or omission was corrected in such Prospectus or supplement. The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution,
threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the
Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified
person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(f).

9

(b)
Indemnification by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors,
officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section
20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto
or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained
in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such
Prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holders information provided in
the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly
approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex
A hereto for this purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or (iii) in the case of an occurrence of an event
of the type specified in Section 3.(d)(iii)-(vi), to the extent, but only to the extent, related to the use by such Holder of an outdated
or defective Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior
to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6.(e). In no event shall the liability of a selling Holder be greater
in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all reasonable expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating
to this Section 5) received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving
rise to such indemnification obligation.

(c)
Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity
hereunder (an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is
sought (the Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense
thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses
incurred in connection with defense thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve
the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be
finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure
shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

An
Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party
has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such
Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to
any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to
the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent
such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing
that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to
assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying
Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified
Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes
an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding and does
not include an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of such indemnified Party.

10

Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to
the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section)
shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided
that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such
actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject
to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

(d)
Contribution. If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold
an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified
Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection
with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in
question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has
been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or
payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any
reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party
would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party
in accordance with its terms.

The
parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata
allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately
preceding paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the
dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all reasonable expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section
5) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation. No person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was
not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

The
indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have
to the Indemnified Parties.

11

6.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement,
each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement,
including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and
each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it
of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect
of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(b)
No Piggyback on Registrations. Neither the Company nor any of its security holders (other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant
hereto and Note Holders) may include securities of the Company in any Registration Statements other than the Registrable Securities.
For the avoidance of doubt nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Company, at any time, from preparing and filing with the Commission
a registration statement relating to an offering for its own account under the Securities Act, a registration statement and/ or amendments
thereto, including post-effective amendments, relating to an offering of Common Stock by existing stockholders of the Company under the
Securities Act pursuant to the terms of registration rights held by such stockholders or from filing amendments to registration statements
filed prior to the date of this Agreement, a registration statement on Form S-8 or, in connection with an acquisition, on Form S-4. 

(c)
Compliance. Each Holder covenants and agrees that it will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities
Act as applicable to it (unless an exemption therefrom is available) in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to the
Registration Statement and shall sell the Registrable Securities only in accordance with a method of distribution described in the Registration
Statement

(d)
Discontinued Disposition. By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from
the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue
disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice)
by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will
use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable.

12

(e)
Rule 144. So long as any Registrable Securities remain outstanding, the Company shall (i) make and keep public information available,
as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144 of the Securities Act, and, if at any time the Company is not required to file
such reports, it will, upon the written request of any Holder of Registrable Securities, make publicly available other information so
long as necessary to permit sales of such Holders Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act, and (ii)
file in a timely manner all reports and other documents with the Commission required under the Exchange Act, as long as the Company remains
subject to such requirements. The Company covenants that it will take such further action as any Holder of Registrable Securities may
reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Registrable Securities without registration
under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144. Upon the written request of any Holder of Registrable
Securities, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with such requirements. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this Section 6(e) shall be deemed to require the Company to register any of its securities pursuant to the
Exchange Act.

(f)
Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified
or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing
and signed by the Company and the Holders of 50.1% or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for purposes of clarification,
this includes any Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security), provided that, if any amendment, modification
or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder
(or group of Holders) shall be required. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to
a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each
Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities
shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof
with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly
affect the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver
or consent relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented
except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6(f). No consideration shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered
to all of the parties to this Agreement.

(g)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered
as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

(h)
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns
of each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign
their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

13

(i)
No Inconsistent Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities,
that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions
hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 6(i), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has previously entered into any
agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full.

(j)
Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall
be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to
the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered
by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of
2000 (e.g., www.docusign.com), such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

(k)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be
determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(l)
Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

(m)
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(n)
Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be
deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(o)
Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint
with the obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations
of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action
taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture
or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges
that the Holders are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations
or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out
of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such
purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company,
not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested
to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company
and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

********************

(Signature
Pages Follow)

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement effective as of December 30, 2024.

REEDS
Inc.

By: 

Name:

Norman E. Snyder, Jr.

Title: CEO

[SIGNATURE
PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

[SIGNATURE
PAGE OF HOLDERS TO REEDS RRA]

Name
of Holder: __________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Holder: __________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: __________________________

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

Annex
A

Plan
of Distribution

Each
Selling Stockholder (the Selling Stockholders) of the securities and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest
may, from time to time, sell any or all of their securities covered hereby on the principal Trading Market or any other stock exchange,
market or trading facility on which the securities are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices.
A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities:

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions
in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the broker-dealer will
attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal
and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

an exchange distribution in accordance with
the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately negotiated transactions;

settlement of short sales;

in transactions through broker-dealers that
agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a stipulated price per security;

through the writing or settlement of options
or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

a combination of any such methods of sale;
or

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable
law.

The
Selling Stockholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), if available, rather than under this prospectus.

Broker-dealers
engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions
or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser)
in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in
excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or
markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121.

In
connection with the sale of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers
or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they
assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan
or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option
or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the
delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer
or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The
Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters
within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers
or agents and any profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts
under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding,
directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities.

The
Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company
has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act.

We
agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders
without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for
the Company to be in compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar
effect or (ii) all of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule
of similar effect. The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable
state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered
or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is
complied with.

Under
applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously
engage in market making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M,
prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the
common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders
and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including
by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

2

Annex
B

SELLING
STOCKHOLDERS

The
common stock being offered by the Selling Stockholders are those previously issued to the Selling Stockholders. For additional information
regarding the issuances of those shares of common stock, see Private Placement of Shares of Common Stock above. We are
registering the shares of common stock in order to permit the Selling Stockholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time.
Except for the ownership of the shares of common stock, the Selling Stockholders have not had any material relationship with us within
the past three years.

The
table below lists the Selling Stockholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock by
each of the Selling Stockholders. The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each Selling Stockholder,
based on its ownership of the shares of common stock, as of ________, 2024.

The
third column lists the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the Selling Stockholders.

In
accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement with the Selling Stockholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale
of the sum of the number of shares of common stock issued to the Selling Stockholders in the Private Placement of Shares of Common
Stock described above.. The fourth column assumes the sale of all of the shares offered by the Selling Stockholders pursuant to
this prospectus.

The
Selling Stockholders may sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See Plan of Distribution.

3

Name of Selling Stockholder Number
of shares of Common Stock Owned Prior to Offering Maximum
Number of shares of Common Stock to be Sold Pursuant to this Prospectus Number
of shares of Common Stock Owned After Offering

4

Annex
C

Reeds,
Inc.

Selling
Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire

The
undersigned holder of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Registrable Securities) of Reeds,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), issued pursuant to a certain Securities Purchase Agreement by and among
the Company and the Purchasers named therein, dated as of ________, 2024 (the Agreement) understands that the Company
has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement
on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement) for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the Registration
Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) to which this document is annexed. A copy of the Registration
Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

In
order to sell or otherwise dispose of any Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement, a holder of Registrable Securities
generally will be required to be named as a selling stockholder in the related prospectus or a supplement thereto (as so supplemented,
the Prospectus), deliver the Prospectus to purchasers of Registrable Securities (including pursuant to Rule 172
under the Securities Act) and be bound by the provisions of the Agreement (including certain indemnification provisions, as described
below). Holders must complete and deliver this Notice and Questionnaire in order to be named as selling stockholders in the Prospectus.
Holders of Registrable Securities who do not complete, execute and return this Notice and Questionnaire within five (5)Trading Days following
the date of the Agreement (1) will not be named as selling stockholders in the Resale Registration Statement or the Prospectus and (2)
may not use the Prospectus for resales of Registrable Securities.

Certain
legal consequences arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly,
holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences
of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The
undersigned holder (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby gives notice to the Company of its intention
to sell or otherwise dispose of Registrable Securities owned by it and listed below in Item (3.), unless otherwise specified in Item
(3.), pursuant to the Registration Statement. The undersigned, by signing and returning this Notice and Questionnaire, understands and
agrees that it will be bound by the terms and conditions of this Notice and Questionnaire and the Agreement.

The
undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

NOTICE

The
undersigned holder (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby gives notice to the Company of its
intention to sell or otherwise dispose of Registrable Securities owned by it and listed below in Item (3), unless otherwise specified
in Item (3), pursuant to the Resale Registration Statement. The undersigned, by signing and returning this Notice and Questionnaire,
understands and agrees that it will be bound by the terms and conditions of this Notice and Questionnaire and the Agreement.

The
undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and s that such information is accurate and complete:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name. 

(a) Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder:

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not
the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities Listed in Item 3 below are held:

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person
(which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered
by the questionnaire):

2. Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder.

Telephone: _____________________

Fax: _____________________

Contact Person: __________________

Email address of Contact Person ______________________

3. Beneficial Ownership of Registrable Securities Issuable
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) Type and Number of Registrable Securities beneficially owned and issued
pursuant to the Agreement:

(b) Number of shares of Common Stock to be registered
pursuant to this Notice for resale:

2

4. Broker-Dealer Status.

(a) Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes _____ No _____

(b) If yes to Section 4(a), did
you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes _____ No _____

Note: If no, the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes _____ No _____

Note: If yes, provide a narrative
explanation below:

(d) If you are an affiliate
of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you bought the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of
the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any
person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes
_____ No _____

Note:
If no, the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

5. Beneficial
Ownership of Other Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder.

Except as
set forth below in this Item 5, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than
the Registrable Securities listed above in Item 3.

Type and
amount of other securities beneficially owned:

3

6. Relationships with the Company.
Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders
(owners of 5% of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship
with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

7. 

Plan
of Distribution.The undersigned has reviewed the form of Plan of Distribution attached
as Annex A to the Registration Rights Agreement, and hereby confirms that, except as set
forth below, the information contained therein regarding the undersigned and its plan of
distribution is correct and complete.

State any exceptions here:

The
undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent
to the date hereof and prior to the effective date of any applicable Resale Registration Statement. All notices hereunder and pursuant
to the Agreement shall be made in writing, by hand delivery, confirmed or facsimile transmission, first-class mail or air courier guaranteeing
overnight delivery at the address set forth below. In the absence of any such notification, the Company shall be entitled to continue
to rely on the accuracy of the information in this Notice and Questionnaire.

By
signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items (1.) through (7.)
above and the inclusion of such information in the Resale Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The undersigned understands that
such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of any such Registration Statement
and the Prospectus.

By
signing below, the undersigned acknowledges that it understands its obligation to comply, and agrees that it will comply, with the provisions
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, particularly Regulation M in connection with any offering of Registrable
Securities pursuant to the Resale Registration Statement. The undersigned also acknowledges that it understands that the answers to this
Questionnaire are furnished for use in connection with Registration Statements filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement and
any amendments or supplements thereto filed with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

The
undersigned hereby acknowledges and is advised of the following Interpretation A.65 of the July 1997 SEC Manual of Publicly Available
Telephone Interpretations regarding short selling:

An
Issuer filed a Form S-3 registration statement for a secondary offering of common stock which is not yet effective. One of the selling
stockholders wanted to do a short sale of common stock against the box and cover the short sale with registered shares
after the effective date. The issuer was advised that the short sale could not be made before the registration statement become effective,
because the shares underlying the short sale are deemed to be sold at the time such sale is made. There would, therefore, be a violation
of Section 5 if the shares were effectively sold prior to the effective date.

4

By
returning this Questionnaire, the undersigned will be deemed to be aware of the foregoing interpretation.

I
confirm that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the foregoing statements (including without limitation the answers to this Questionnaire)
are correct.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person
or by its duly authorized agent.

Date: ______________________________________ Beneficial Owner:

___________________________________________ 

__________________________________________ By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE
EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO:

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Reeds
Announces Closing of $10.0 Million Private Placement 

Norwalk,
CT, (January 6, 2025) Reeds, Inc. (OTCQX: REED) (Reeds or the Company), owner of
the nations leading portfolio of handcrafted, natural ginger beverages, today announced the closing of a securities purchase agreement
for a private investment in public equity (PIPE) financing. The transaction, which closed on December 30, 2024, generated
gross proceeds of $10 million.

Pursuant
to the terms of the securities purchase agreement, the Company sold an aggregate of approximately 14.7 million shares of its common stock
at a price of $0.68 per share. The issuance price reflected a premium to the closing stock price on December 30, 2024.

This
financing marks another important step in advancing our growth strategy and creating long-term value for our shareholders, said
Norman E. Snyder, Jr., CEO of Reeds. The additional capital will support our efforts to invest in personnel and marketing
resources, pursue accretive M&A opportunities and strategic partnerships, and expand internationally, all of which we believe will
accelerate our growth. With a strengthened balance sheet and optimized cost structure, we are looking forward to executing on our goal
of returning Reeds to sustainable growth and profitability in 2025.

For
more information, please reference the Companys 8-K filed today, January 6, 2025, with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

About
Reeds, Inc.

Reeds
is an innovative company and category leader that provides the world with high quality, premium and naturally bold better-for-you
beverages. Established in 1989, Reeds is a leader in craft beverages under the Reeds, Virgils and Flying
Cauldron brand names. The Companys beverages are now sold in over 45,000 stores nationwide.

Reeds
is known as Americas #1 name in natural, ginger-based beverages. Crafted using real ginger and premium ingredients, Reeds
portfolio includes ginger beers, ginger ales, ready-to- drink ginger mules and hard ginger ales. The brand has recently successfully
expanded into the zero-sugar segment with its proprietary, natural sweetener system.

Virgils
is an award-winning line of craft sodas, made with the finest natural ingredients and without GMOs or artificial preservatives. The brand
offers an array of great tasting, bold flavored sodas including Root Beer, Vanilla Cream, Black Cherry, Orange Cream, and Cola. These
flavors are also available in five zero sugar varieties which are naturally sweetened and certified ketogenic.

Flying
Cauldron is a non-alcoholic butterscotch beer prized for its creamy vanilla and butterscotch flavors. Sought after by beverage aficionados,
Flying Cauldron is made with natural ingredients and no artificial flavors, sweeteners, preservatives, gluten, caffeine, or GMOs.

For
more information, visit drinkreeds.com, virgils.com and flyingcauldron.com. To receive exclusive perks for Reeds
investors, please visit the Companys page on the Stockperks app here.

Forward-Looking
Statements

Statements
in this release that are not historical are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements
are typically identified by terms such as estimate, expect, intend, project,
will, plan, and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations.
The achievement or success of the matters covered by such forward-looking statements involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions,
many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond our control.

The
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: inventory shortages; risks associated with new product releases; the impacts
of further inflation; risks that customer demand may fluctuate or decrease; risks that we are unable to collect unbilled contractual
commitments, particularly in the current economic environment; our ability to compete successfully and manage growth; our significant
debt obligations; our ability to develop and expand strategic and third party distribution channels; our dependence on third party suppliers,
brewers and distributors; third party co-packers meeting contractual commitments; risks related to our international operations; our
ability to continue to innovate; our strategy of making investments in sales to drive growth; increasing costs of fuel and freight, protection
of intellectual property; competition; general political or destabilizing events, including the wars in Ukraine and Israel, conflict
or acts of terrorism; financial markets, commodity and currency impacts of the wars; the effect of evolving domestic and foreign government
regulations, including those addressing data privacy and cross-border data transfers; and other risks detailed from time to time in Reeds
public filings, including Reeds annual report on Form 10-K filed on April 1, 2024, which is available on the Securities and Exchange
Commissions web site at www.sec.gov. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and speak only as of the
date hereof. Reeds assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by
law.

Investor
Relations Contact 

Sean
Mansouri, CFA or Aaron DSouza

Elevate
IR

ir@reedsinc.com

(720)
330-2829
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>reed-20241230.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>reed-20241230_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>reed-20241230_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 30, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 30, 2024

Entity File Number 001-32501

Entity Registrant Name REEDS,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001140215

Entity Tax Identification Number 35-2177773

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 501
Merritt 7

Entity Address, City or Town Norwalk

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06851

City Area Code (203)

Local Phone Number 890-0557

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://drinkreeds.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
reed-20241230.xsd 
reed-20241230_lab.xml 
reed-20241230_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001065-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001140215 

2024-12-30 
2024-12-30 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001140215 
8-K 
2024-12-30 
REEDS, INC. 
DE 
001-32501 
35-2177773 
501 Merritt 7 
Norwalk 
CT 
06851 
(203) 
890-0557 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>