<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-021776.txt : 20250307
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-021776.hdr.sgml : 20250307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250307163044
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-021776
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NewHold Investment Corp. III
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002043699
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42541
		FILM NUMBER:		25720596

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		52 VANDERBILT AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2005
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 653-0153

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		52 VANDERBILT AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2005
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233527-8k_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000204369900020436992025-03-032025-03-030002043699NHICU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-03-032025-03-030002043699NHICU:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-032025-03-030002043699NHICU:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-032025-03-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 3, 2025

NewHold Investment Corp III

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42541 32-0781832

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

52 Vanderbilt Avenue

Suite 2005

New York, NY10017

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 653-0153

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant NHICU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share NHIC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share NHICW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On March 3, 2025, NewHold
Investment Corp III (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO), which consisted
of 20,125,000 units (the Units), including the exercise in full by the underwriter of an option to purchase up to
2,625,000 Units at the offering price to cover over-allotments. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
to the Company of $201,250,000. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary
Shares), of the Company, and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each, a Warrant) of the Company, with
each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for $11.50 per share.

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, pursuant to the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreements, the Company completed the private placement of an aggregate of
780,100 units (the Private Placement Units) to the Sponsor and BTIG, LLC, the representative of the underwriters,
at $10.00 per Unit, each Unit consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable Warrant, each whole Warrant exercisable
to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share of the Company. Of those 780,100 Private Placement Units, the Sponsor purchased 552,600 Private
Placement Units and BTIG, LLC purchased 227,500 Private Placement Units. The Warrants contained in the Private Placement Units are identical
to the Warrants included in the Units sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement. No underwriting discounts
or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. 

A total of $202,256,250,
comprised of the net proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes $7,043,750 of the underwriters deferred discount) and the proceeds
of the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, acting as trustee.

An audited balance sheet
as of March 3, 2025 reflecting the receipt of the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued by the Company and is
included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet as of March 3, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP III

By: /s/ Polly Schneck

Name: Polly Schneck

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Dated: March 7, 2025 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023352701ex99-1_newhold3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED BALANCE SHEET AS OF MARCH 3, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Balance Sheet F-3

Notes to Balance Sheet F-4

F-1

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of

NewHold
Investment Corp III:

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of NewHold Acquisition III (the Company) as of March 3, 2025, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statement). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 3, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

This
financial statement is the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial
statement based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(the PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We
have served as the Companys auditor since 2024.

New York,
New York

March
7, 2025

F-2

NewHold Investment Corp III

BALANCE SHEET

MARCH 3, 2025

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,842,000 

Prepaid expenses 213,000 

Total current assets 2,055,000 

Cash held in Trust Account 202,256,000 

Total assets $ 204.311,000 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued offering costs 81,000 

Total current liabilities 81,000 

Deferred underwriting fee
payable 7,044,000 

Total liabilities 7,125,000 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption, 20,125,000 shares at redemption value of $10.05 per share 202,256,000 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 479,000,000 shares authorized; 780,100 issued and outstanding (excluding 20,125,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 6,707,663 shares issued and outstanding 1,000 

Accumulated deficit (5,071,000 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (5,070,000 )

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit $ 204,311,000 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the financial statements.

F-3

NewHold Investment Corp III

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1 Organization and Business
Operations

Organization and General

NewHold Investment Corp III (the Company)
is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted corporation on August 13, 2024. The Company was incorporated for
the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business
Combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination
target and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any
Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with the Company.

As of March 3, 2025, the Company had not commenced
any operations. All activity for the period from August 13, 2024 (inception) through March 3, 2025 relates to the Companys
formation and the Public Offering (as defined below). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on
investments from the proceeds derived from the Public Offering (as defined below). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal
year end.

All dollar amounts are rounded to the nearest
thousand dollars.

Sponsor and Financing

The Companys
Sponsor is NewHold Industrial Technology III LLC (the Sponsor). The Company intends to finance its Initial Business
Combination with proceeds from the Offering of $201,125,000 of Units (as defined below) (See Note 3) and a private placement
of 780,100 of Private Placement Units (as defined below) for an aggregate of $7,801,000 (See Note 4).

The registration statement for the Companys Initial Public Offering
was declared effective on February 27, 2025. On March 3, 2025, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,125,000 units
(the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public
Shares), including the full exercise of the underwriters overallotment option generating gross proceeds of $201,125,000,
which is discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 780,100
Private Placement Units (the Private Placement Units) to the Sponsor at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, or
$7,801,000 in the aggregate, which is described in Note 4. The underwriter had a 45-day overallotment option to purchase up to an additional
2,625,000 Units which was fully exercised..

Upon the closing of the Offering and private placement, approximately
$202,256,000 was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account).

Business Combination and Trust Account

The Business Combination must be with one or more
target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net balance in the Trust Account (as defined below)
(excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time
of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the
post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to successfully effect a Business Combination.

F-4

Upon the closing of the Public Offering, management
has agreed that an aggregate of $10.05 per Unit sold in the Public Offering approximately $202,256,000 will be held in a Trust Account
(the Trust Account) and may only be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days
or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in
direct U.S. government treasury obligations; the holding of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole
purpose of facilitating the intended business combination. To mitigate the risk that might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes
of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the Company holds investments in the Trust Account, the Company may,
at any time (based on management teams ongoing assessment of all factors related to the potential status under the Investment Company
Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in
cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Units will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Companys
initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Companys public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial
Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering or by such earlier liquidation date as our board of
directors may approve (the Completion Window), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Companys
public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection
with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of
the Companys creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Companys public shareholders.

The Company will provide the Companys public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination
either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder
vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial Business
Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled
to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations. The amount
in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be $10.05 per public share.

The ordinary shares subject to redemption will
be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Public Offering, in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standards Boards (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. In such case, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares
voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.

The Company will have only the duration of the
Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares
and completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other
distributions, if any), subject to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject
to the other requirements of applicable law.

F-5

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to
their founder shares, private shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier
redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines
it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect
to their founder shares, private shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to their founder shares and private shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares
they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the trust account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after
the Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination.

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business
Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.05 per public share and (ii) the
actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.05 per
share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims
by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether
or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriters of the Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently
verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsors
only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.

Note 2 Significant Accounting
Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying balance sheet is presented in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP) and pursuant to
the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of March 3, 2025, the Company had
approximately $1,842,000 in cash. Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its
financing and acquisition plans. In connection with the Companys assessment of going concern considerations in accordance
with Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern, as of March 3, 2025, the Company believes that it has sufficient funds for the working capital needs of the Company
until a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of this financial statement. The Company cannot ensure that its plans to
consummate an initial Business Combination, or to raise additional capital if necessary, will be successful.

F-6

Emerging Growth Company Status

The Company is an emerging growth company,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012,
(the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the
auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that
a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies
but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means
that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of the Companys financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statement
in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.

Making estimates requires management to exercise
significant judgement. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near
term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid
instruments with original maturities of three months or less when acquired, to be cash equivalents. The Company had approximately $1,842,000
invested in cash equivalents (money market funds) as of March 3, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of March 3, 2025, the assets held in the Trust Account amounting
to $202,256,000 were held in cash.

F-7

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations
of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which at times, may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
coverage of $250,000. Any loss incurred or lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Companys
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets and
liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates
the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to its short-term nature.

Fair Value Measurements

Fair value is defined as the price that
would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy
gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and
the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include:

Level 1, defined as observable
inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments in active markets;

Level 2, defined as inputs
other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments
in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and

Level 3, defined as unobservable
inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived
from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. In some circumstances,
the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the
fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurement.

F-8

Derivative Financial Instruments

The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such
instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives
and Hedging. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially
recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in
the statement of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities
or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current
or non-current based on whether or not net cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of
the balance sheet date.

Offering Costs

The Company complies with the requirements
of the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A Expenses of
Offering. Deferred offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees that are related to the Public
Offering. Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other
Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into its equity and debt components. The
Company applies this guidance to allocate Public Offering proceeds from the Public Units between Class A ordinary shares
and warrants, using the residual method by allocating Public Offering proceeds first to assigned value of the warrants and then to
the Class A ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are
charged to temporary equity and offering costs allocated to the warrants included in the Public Units and Private Placement
Units are charged to shareholders deficit as the warrants included in the Public Units and Private Placement Units after
managements evaluation are accounted for under equity treatment.

Offering costs amounted to approximately $11,645,000, consisting of
$4,075,000 of upfront discount and expenses to the underwriters, approximately $7,044,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and $526,000
of other offering costs. Approximately $107,000 of such costs were allocated to the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Units and
the remainder, approximately $11,538,000, was allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC
Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income
taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets
and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods
in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold
and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in
a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing
authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Companys major tax jurisdiction. The Company
recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of March 3, 2025, there were
no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under
review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman
Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing
requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Companys tax liability was zero at March 3, 2025.

F-9

Warrant Instruments

The Company will account for the Warrants to
be issued in connection with the Public Offering and the private placement in accordance with the guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815,
Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated and will classify the warrant instruments under equity treatment
at their assigned values. There are an aggregate 10,472,188 Warrants to purchase an aggregate 5,236,094, Class A ordinary shares currently
included in the Units sold in the Public Offering and the Private Placement as of March 3, 2025 (see Notes 4 and 7).

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption:

As discussed in Note 3, all of the 20,125,000
public shares sold as part of Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of public shares
if the Company holds a shareholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with a Business Combination. In accordance
with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of
permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entitys equity instruments,
are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480.

All Class A ordinary shares are redeemable and classified as such on the Companys balance sheet
until such time as a redemption event takes place. As of March 3, 2025, the value of Class A ordinary shares that may be redeemed is equal
to approximately $10.05 per share (which is the assumed redemption price) multiplied by 20,125,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares.

The Company recognizes changes immediately as they
occur and adjusts the carrying value of the securities at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount
of redeemable Class A ordinary shares are affected by adjustments to accumulated deficit. Accordingly, as of March 3, 2025, all of the
20,125,000 public shares were classified outside of permanent equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption consist of:

Dollars Shares 

Gross proceeds of Public Offering $ 202,256,000 20,125,000 

Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants (1,509,000 ) - 

Offering costs (11,538,000 ) - 

Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 13,047,000 - 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of March 3, 2025 $ 202,256,000 20,125,000 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys financial statements.

F-10

Note 3 Public Offering

Pursuant to
the Public Offering, the Company offered for sale 20,125,000 Units (including the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment
option in full) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one-half of one redeemable
warrant. Each whole warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and will expire
five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company
allocated approximately $1,509,000 of the Offering proceeds to the estimated fair value of the Public Warrants using a Binomial lattice
model (a Level 3 valuation) using the following assumptions:

Share price $ 9.945 

Expected term (in years) 6 

Volatility 4.0 %

Risk free rate 4.0 %

The public warrants have been classified with shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance.

See Note 7 for further discussion of the warrants
included in the Units and the Private Placement Units.

Note 4 Private Placement

The Sponsor and the underwriters in the Public
Offering have purchased an aggregate of 780,100 Private Placement Units since the over-allotment option is exercised in full, consisting
of one Class A ordinary share and one half warrant in which each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at $11.50 per share, at a price of $10.00 per unit, or $7,801,000, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing
of the Public Offering. Of those 780,100 Private Placement Units, the Sponsor purchased 552,600 Private Placement Units and the underwriters
in the Public Offering purchased 227,500 private placement units. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A
ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.

The Private Placement Units are identical
to the Public Units sold in the Public Offering except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor, the underwriters or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Units (i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants contained in the Private Placement Units), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders
until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) will be entitled to registration rights and (iii) with
respect to private placement units contained in the Private Placement Units held by the underwriters and/or their designees, will
not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in this offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8).

The Sponsor and the Companys officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares, private shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business
Combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination
if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares, private shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment
to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company
has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares and private shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public
shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the trust account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after
the Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination.

F-11

Note 5 Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares

In September 2024, the Company issued an
aggregate of 5,031,250 Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value (the Founder Shares), in exchange for a $25,000 payment
(approximately $0.005 per share) from the Sponsor to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company. Up to 656,250 of the Founder Shares
may have been surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
is exercised.

In October 2024, the Company executed a share
recapitalization in which an additional 1,676,413 fully paid Class B ordinary shares were issued to the Sponsor, and as a result
of which the Sponsor has purchased and holds an aggregate of 6,707,663 Class B ordinary shares. Following and as a result of that
capitalization and issuance of Founder Shares, the Sponsor is deemed to have purchased the Founder Shares for $0.004 per share. Up to
874,912 of the Founder Shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration depending on the extent to which the underwriters
over-allotment is exercised. Since the underwriters exercised their overallotment option in full, no Founder Shares have been or will be surrendered
by the Sponsor.

The Companys initial shareholders have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion thereof
until the earlier to occur of (i) six months after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date
on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination
that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Companys initial
shareholders with respect to any founder shares (the Lock-up). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price
of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 30 days after our initial
business combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the
Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the founder shares will
be released from the Lock-up.

On February 19, 2025, The sponsor transferred
an aggregate of 278,000 founder shares to members of the Companys board of directors, resulting in the sponsor holding 6,429,663
founder shares (See Note 7). The sale of the Founders Shares to the Companys directors is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation
(ASC 718). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon
the grant date. The fair vale of the 259,000 shares granted to the Companys members of the board o f directors was $55,600 or $0.20 per
share. The Founders Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation
expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable
accounting literature in this circumstance. As of March 3, 2025, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered
probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. The fair value was determined using a binomial lattice
model , discounted for the probability of a Business Combination and the Public Offering occurring, with a volatility of 4.0% and a risk-free
rate of 4.4.

Promissory Note Related
Party

The Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate
of up to $350,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Public Offering. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due
at the earlier of the closing date of the Public Offering or the date on which the Company determines not to conduct an initial public
offering. As of March 3, 2025, the Company had borrowed approximately $241,000 under the promissory note all of which was paid at closing
on March 3 2025.

Administrative Services Agreement

Commencing on the effective date of the Public
Offering, February 27, 2025, the Company has entered into an agreement with the Sponsor or an affiliate to pay an aggregate of $40,000
per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative support.

F-12

Working Capital Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans). If the Company completes
a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the
Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from
the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into private placement units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. As of
March 3, 2025, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies

Risks and Uncertainties

The United States and global markets are
experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the
recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization
(NATO) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European
Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and
entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other
assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and
the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO,
the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global
security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts
are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital
markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased cyberattacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions
could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any of the above-mentioned factors, or any other
negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Companys search
for an initial business combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an initial business combination.

Registration Rights

The holders of the founder shares, Private Placement
Units and the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants contained in such Private Placement Units and Units that
may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans have registration rights to require the Company to register for resale of any
of the Companys securities held by them and any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation of the
initial Business Combination pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three
demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will
bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

F-13

Underwriters Agreement

The underwriters had a 45-day option from the
date of the Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 2,625,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any.

The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
discount of $4,025,000 in the aggregate including the exercise in full if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in
full) (the Base Fee) as well as reimbursement of $50,000 of expenses, upon the closing of the Public Offering. Additionally,
the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of $7,043,750 in the aggregate including the underwriters
exercise in full of the over-allotment option, payable to the underwriters only upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination.
The deferred underwriting commissions will be payable to the underwriters upon the closing of the initial Business Combination in three
portions, as follows: (i) $0.15 per unit sold in the Public Offering shall be paid to the underwriters in cash, (ii) up to $0.10 per unit
sold in the Public Offering shall be paid to the underwriters in cash, based on the funds remaining in the Trust Account after giving
effect to Class A ordinary shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial Business Combination and (iii) $0.10 per unit sold in
the Public Offering shall be paid to the underwriters in cash (such aggregate amount, the Allocable Amount), provided that,
after completion of the Public Offering and the underwriters receipt of 100% of the Base Fee, the Company has the right, in its
sole discretion, not to pay all or any portion of the Allocable Amount to the underwriter and to use the Allocable Amount for expenses
in connection with the initial Business Combination.

Note 7 Shareholders
Deficit

Preference Shares

The Company is authorized to issue a total of
1,000,000 preference shares at par value of $0.0001 each after a share recapitalization in October 2024, that reduced authorize shares
from 5,000,000 shares. At March 3, 2025, there were no preferred shares issued or outstanding.

Class A Ordinary Shares 

The Company is authorized to issue a total of
479,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each after a share recapitalization in October 2024, that reduced authorized
shares from 500,000,000 shares. At March 3, 2025, there were 780,100 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding 20,125,000
shares that are subject to possible redemption.

Class B Ordinary Shares 

The Company is authorized to issue a total of
20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares at par value of $0.0001 each after a share recapitalization in October 2024 that reduced authorized
shares from 500,000,000 shares. In September 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 5,031,250 Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001
par value (the Founder Shares), in exchange for a $25,000 payment (approximately $0.005 per share) from the Sponsor to cover
certain expenses on behalf of the Company. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 656,250 shares subject to forfeiture if the
over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters in full.

F-14

In October 2024, the Company executed a share
recapitalization in which an additional 1,676,413 fully paid Class B ordinary shares were issued to the Sponsor, and as a result
of which the Sponsor has purchased and holds an aggregate of 6,707,663 Class B ordinary shares. Following and as a result of that
capitalization and issuance of Founder Shares, the sponsor is deemed to have purchased the Founder Shares for $0.004 per share. Up to
874,912 of the Founder Shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration depending on the extent to which the underwriters
over-allotment is exercised. Since the underwriters exercised their overallotment option
in full, no Founder Shares have been or will be surrendered by the Sponsor.

The Founder Shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier
at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary
shares, or any other equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in this offering and related
to or in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares convert into
Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree
to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, 25% of the sum of (i) the total number of all Class A
ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of this offering (including any Class A ordinary shares issued pursuant to the underwriters
over-allotment option and excluding the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants contained in the private placement units),
plus (ii) all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of
the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial
Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to our sponsor or any of its affiliates or to our officers or
directors upon conversion of working capital loans) minus (iii) any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders
in connection with an initial business combination; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one
basis.

On February 19, 2025, the Sponsor transferred
an aggregate of 278,000 founder shares to members of the Companys board of directors, resulting in the sponsor holding 6,429,663
founder shares. . The sale of the Founders Shares to the Companys directors
is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation (ASC 718). Under ASC 718, stock-based
compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Founders Shares were granted
subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares
is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance.

Holders of record of the Companys Class A
ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange
rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires
the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where
proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company is generally required to approve any matter voted on by
our shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which (except as specified below)
requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person
or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting, and pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory
merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, meaning, following
our initial business combination, the holders of more than 50% of the ordinary shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect
all of the directors. Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares
will (i) have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors and (ii) be entitled to vote on continuing our company
in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents or to adopt
new constitutional documents, in each case, as a result of our approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the
Cayman Islands). Holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on these matters during such time. These provisions
of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended if approved by a special resolution passed by the
affirmative vote of at least 90% (or, where such amendment is proposed in respect of the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
two-thirds) of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy
at the applicable general meeting of the Company.

F-15

Warrants 

At March 3, 2025, there were an aggregate 10,472,188
warrants included in the Public Units and Private Placement Units to purchase an aggregate 5,236,094 shares of Class A ordinary shares including 10,062,500 public warrants to purchase
5,031,250 shares and 819,375 warrants to purchase 204,844 shares under private placement units. Each whole warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. The warrants cannot
be exercised until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. See also
Note 4.

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any
Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A
ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered,
qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the
event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant
will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be
required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser
of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying
such unit.

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the
Company has agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of its Business Combination,
it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement for the
Public Offering or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become
effective within 60 business days following the Companys initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus
relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance
with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their
warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event
the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company
does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky
laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

If the holders exercise their public warrants
on a cashless basis, they would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares over the exercise price of the warrants
by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary
shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received
by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable.

F-16

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A
Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds $18.00: The Company may redeem the outstanding warrants:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of $0.01 per warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice
of redemption (the 30-day redemption period); and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise
price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing at least 30 days after completion
of our initial business combination and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

Additionally, if the number of outstanding Class A
ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-division of ordinary shares
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A
ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares.
A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares
at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to
the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other
equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) the
quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market value. For these
purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining
the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well
as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of
Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first
date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the
right to receive such rights.

Note 8 Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions
that occurred after the balance sheet date through March 7, 2025, the date that the financial statements were available to be issued.
Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment
or disclosure in the financial statement.

F-17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>nhicu-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>nhicu-20250303_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nhicu-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nhicu-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 03, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42541

Entity Registrant Name NewHold Investment Corp III

Entity Central Index Key 0002043699

Entity Tax Identification Number 32-0781832

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 52 Vanderbilt Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2005

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10017

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 653-0153

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol NHICU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol NHIC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol NHICW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NHICU_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NHICU_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NHICU_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://newholdinvestmentcorp3.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0233527-8k_newhold3.htm 
nhicu-20250303.xsd 
nhicu-20250303_def.xml 
nhicu-20250303_lab.xml 
nhicu-20250303_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-021776-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0233527-8k_newhold3_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002043699 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

0002043699 

NHICU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

0002043699 

NHICU:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

0002043699 

NHICU:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002043699 
8-K 
2025-03-03 
NewHold Investment Corp III 
E9 
001-42541 
32-0781832 
52 Vanderbilt Avenue 
Suite 2005 
New York 
NY 
10017 
212 
653-0153 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
NHICU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
NHIC 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
NHICW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>