<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001839882-25-013638.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001839882-25-013638.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304172816
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001839882-25-013638
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001430306
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				261434750
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36019
		FILM NUMBER:		25706684

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26 MAIN STREET, SUITE 101
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-980-9155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		26 MAIN STREET, SUITE 101
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TAMANDARE EXPLORATIONS INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080320
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tnxp-8k_022725.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Current Report

false000143030600014303062025-02-272025-02-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (date of earliest event reported):
February 27, 2025

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-36019 26-1434750

(State or Other Jurisdiction 

of Incorporation) 

(Commission 

File Number) 

(IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

26 Main Street, Chatham, New Jersey,
07928

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (862)904-8182

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction
A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule
425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule
14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant
to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant
to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock TNXP TheNASDAQCapital Market

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

On February 27, 2025, Tonix Pharma
Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. (the Company), entered into an employment agreement
with Siobhan Fogarty, the Companys Chief Technical Officer (the Employment Agreement).

Pursuant to the Employment Agreement,
Ms. Fogarty will receive an annual base salary of 385,000 and is eligible for an annual bonus and equity compensation. The Employment
Agreement may be terminated by either party with at least 180 days prior notice. In the event the Employment Agreement is terminated by
the Company, Ms. Fogarty is entitled to her base salary for the 180 notice period. The Employment Agreement contains customary terms and conditions for
agreements of this type.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibit

No. Description.

10.01

104 

Employment Agreement,
by and between Tonix Pharma Limited and Siobhan Fogarty, dated February 27, 2025*

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 

* Denotes
a management compensatory agreement or arrangement. 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirement of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.

TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP.

Date: March 4, 2025 By: /s/ Bradley Saenger 

Bradley Saenger

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.01
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-01.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, BY AND BETWEEN TONIX PHARMA LIMITED AND SIOBHAN FOGARTY, DATED FEBRUARY 27, 2025
<TEXT>
TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 8-K

Exhibit 10.01

CERTAIN
IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. THE
OMISSIONS HAVE BEEN INDICATED BY [***].

Dated
February 27, 2025

TONIX
PHARMA LIMITED

and

SIOBHAN
FOGARTY

CONTRACT
OF EMPLOYMENT

Table
of Contents

1 Definitions and interpretation 1

2 Appointment 1

3 Duties 1

4 No obligation to provide work 2

5 Place of work 3

6 Hours of work 3

7 Conflicts of interest and dealings in securities 4

8 Salary 4

9 Pension 5

10 Benefits 5

11 Insurance 6

12 Expenses 6

13 Deductions 7

14 Holidays 7

15 Illness and incapacity 7

16 Disciplinary and grievance procedures 8

17 Suspension 8

18 Termination 9

19 Confidentiality and Intellectual Property 10

20 Directorships 10

21 Restrictive covenants 11

22 Data protection 11

23 Collective agreements 11

24 Lay off and / or short time 11

25 Notices 12

26 Variation 12

27 Governing law 12

28 Counterparts 12

29 General 12

Schedule 1 Definitions 14

Schedule 2 Main duties 17

Schedule 3 Post-Termination Restrictons 18

THIS
AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made on February 27, 2025, between

(1) Tonix
Pharma Limited (registered number 511804) of 3 Marine Road, Dun Laoghaire, Dublin,
A96 HW25 (the Company); and

(2) Siobhan
Fogarty of [***] (hereinafter referred to as you), (each a Party and
together the Parties).

IT
IS AGREED as follows:

1 DEFINITIONS
AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 This
Agreement is to be construed and interpreted in accordance with the Schedules, which
form part of this Agreement and references to this Agreement shall include reference
thereto.

1.2 Words
and expressions used in this Agreement (including the Schedules to it), except insofar
as the context requires otherwise or unless defined elsewhere in this Agreement, have
the meaning (if any) given to them in the Schedules hereto.

1.3 References
to any statute, statutory instrument or any statutory provision shall be construed as
references to the statute, statutory instrument or statutory provision as in force at
the date of this Agreement and as subsequently re-enacted, consolidated or amended and
shall include references to any statute, statutory instrument or any provision of which
it is a re-enactment, consolidation or amendment.

1.4 Headings
are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this
Agreement.

2 APPOINTMENT

2.1 You
shall be employed by the Company as Chief Technical Officer on the terms set out in this
Agreement from the Promotion Date.

2.2 You
commenced employment with the Company on 26 September 2016 under the Previous Contract,
and this will continue to be deemed to be your commencement date for the purposes of
any period of continuous employment and for statutory purposes.

3 DUTIES

3.1 While
the list is not exhaustive, the main duties associated with your position/role have been
set out in Schedule 2. From time to time, and without further remuneration, other duties
will be assigned to you by the Chief Executive Officer of Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding
Corp. (the CEO), which may include duties to be performed on behalf of any Group
Company or to act as an officer or hold any other appointment or office as nominee or
representative of the Company or any Group Company and in all cases carry out such duties
and the duties associated with any such office or appointment as if they were duties
to be performed by you on behalf of the Company.

3.2 You
will directly report to the CEO or such other persons as the Board may direct from time
to time.

3.3 You
agree to:

3.3.1 devote
the whole of your time, attention, abilities, expertise, skills and ingenuity during
your hours of work and at such other times as may be required by the needs of the Company
and the Group or the nature of your duties to carrying out your duties under this Agreement;

3.3.2 faithfully
and diligently perform your duties and exercise such powers, authorities and discretions
in relation to your position as Chief Technical Officer which are from time to time assigned
to or vested
in you by the Company on such terms and subject to such conditions and restrictions as the Company may from time to time at their
sole discretion impose;

1

3.3.3 comply
with all lawful resolutions, regulations and directions of the Board or any other person
authorised by the Board (to include, without limitation, the CEO) and with all rules
and regulations laid down by the Company;

3.3.4 comply
with the Company's Code of Conduct, resolutions, rules, regulations, directions, policies
and procedures from time to time in force as well as any applicable regulatory obligations
and codes of practice whether or not such obligations are otherwise legally binding.
In so far as there is any conflict between the terms of this Agreement or any other document,
this Agreement shall prevail;

3.3.5 carry
out your duties in a proper and efficient manner and use your best endeavours to promote
the interests, business, reputation and welfare of the Company and the Group;

3.3.6 keep
the Board promptly and fully informed (in writing if so requested) of your conduct of
the business or affairs of the Company and the Group and provide such explanations as
the Board may require; and

3.3.7 not
knowingly do or willingly permit to be done anything to the prejudice, loss or injury
of the Company or any Group Company.

3.4 The
Company may from time to time appoint any other person or persons to act jointly or in
conjunction with you in the performance of your duties and powers and assign to any such
person or persons duties and powers identical or similar to those undertaken or performed
by you. In such an event your duties under this clause shall be reviewed by the Board
and may be amended by the Board in its sole discretion from time to time as appropriate.

3.5 You
shall (without further remuneration) if and for so long as the Company requires:

3.5.1 carry
out duties on behalf of any Group Company;

3.5.2 act
as an officer of any Group Company or hold any other appointment or office as nominee
or representative of the Company or any Group Company; and

3.5.3 carry
out such duties and the duties attendant on any such appointment as if they were duties
to be performed by you on behalf of the Company.

3.6 The
Company will provide you with GMP, GXP, HR and Compliance and such other training as
may from time to time be required. This training will, where possible, take place during
your normal hours of work.

4 NO
OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE WORK

4.1 Notwithstanding
the provisions of clause 3.3 the Company may, at any time and for any reason, including
following the giving of notice by either Party to terminate this Agreement and for such
period as it may specify not exceeding the Termination Notice Period:

4.1.1 require
you to perform:

(a) a
part only of your normal duties and no other; or

(b) such
other duties as it may require and no others; or

(c) no
duties whatsoever;

4.1.2 exclude
you from all or any premises of the Company and any Group Company;

2

4.1.3 require
you not to contact any customers, clients, consultants, officers, suppliers or employees
of the Company or any Group Company;

4.1.4 require
you to perform some or all of your duties from home;

4.1.5 require
you to assist the Company to arrange a proper handover of your duties and responsibilities
to another employee of the Company;

4.1.6 require
you to resign from any directorship or office you may hold by virtue of your employment
and in the event of your failure to do so, the Company is hereby irrevocably authorised
to appoint some person in your name to sign and deliver the letter(s) of resignation
to the Board and the board of directors for the time being of any other Group Company,
as applicable;

4.1.7 suspend
your access to all or any information technology systems of the Company and any Group
Company; and/or

4.1.8 any
combination of the above.

Any
such period during which one or more of the above circumstances pertains shall be referred to as Garden Leave.

4.2 During
Garden Leave:

4.2.1 you
shall remain entitled to your normal remuneration provided that you comply with the terms
of this Agreement, such compliance or otherwise to be determined at the sole discretion
of the Board;

4.2.2 if
requested by the Company, you shall keep the Company reasonably informed of your whereabouts
so that you can be called upon, on reasonable notice, to perform any appropriate duties
as required by the Company or any Group Company;

4.2.3 all
other terms of your employment will continue including, without limitation, your obligations
of good faith, fidelity, confidentiality, fiduciary duties and all of your express and
implied obligations;

4.2.4 the
Company shall be entitled at any time to appoint a further executive, director or employee
having the responsibilities similar to those undertaken by you to act jointly with you
and in that event with such appointment; and

4.2.5 you
shall take any unused holiday as may be directed by the Company.

4.3 The
provisions of this clause 4 are without prejudice to the Company's rights to terminate
under clause 18 Termination.

5 PLACE
OF WORK

5.1 Your
normal place of work is 3 Marine Road, Dun Laoghaire, Dublin, Ireland, A96 HW25. Your
duties may require travel to and work at other locations nationally or internationally.

5.2 The
Company reserves the right to require you, and by signing this Agreement you hereby agree,
to perform your duties, either on a temporary or permanent basis, at such location or
locations within Dublin as the Company may reasonably require from time to time. Any
such change to place of work will not constitute a breach of this Agreement or give rise
to any entitlement to payment to you for disturbance, relocation or otherwise.

6 HOURS
OF WORK

6.1 You
agree and acknowledge that you will normally be required to work 40 hours per week, to
be spread over a five-day work week. Your normal hours of work are from 9am to 5pm Monday
to Friday inclusive. However, you
will be expected to work outside of normal hours as necessary to perform your duties, including at weekends and additional hours
as may be required without any further remuneration or compensation. You determine your own working hours for the purposes of
section 3(2)(c) of the Organisation of Working Time Act 1997. You are entitled to rest breaks in accordance with the Organisation
of Working Time Act 1997.

3

7 CONFLICTS
OF INTEREST AND DEALINGS IN SECURITIES

7.1 During
the Term, you shall not, in any capacity, whether alone or jointly with or on behalf
of any other person or company (without the prior written consent of the Board) directly
or indirectly be engaged, concerned with, interested in or provide services to any other
business or undertaking which:

7.1.1 is
wholly or partly in competition with any business carried on by the Company or any Group
Company; or

7.1.2 as
regards any goods or services is a supplier to or customer of the Company or any Group
Company,

provided
that you may hold (directly or through nominees) (i) by way of bona fide personal investment any units of unauthorised unit trust
and up to 5% of the issued shares, debentures or other securities of any class of any company whose shares are listed on a recognised
stock exchange or alternative investment exchange or any such other exchange as may be specified by the Board from time to time;
and (ii) by way of any non-discretionary pension or other non-discretionary investment vehicle, any interest in such shares, debentures
or other securities. The objective grounds for this restriction are (i) health and safety, (ii) the protection of business confidentiality,
(iii) the avoidance of conflicts of interests, (iv) safeguarding productive and safe working conditions, (v) compliance by the
employer and the employee with any applicable statutory or regulatory obligations, and (vi) compliance by the employee with any
professional standards for the time being in force.

7.2 You
shall not, without the prior consent in writing of the Board, directly or indirectly,
knowingly engage in any activity or transaction, paid or otherwise, which would or might
conflict, in any way whatsoever, with the interests, commercial or otherwise, of the
Company or any Group Company.

7.3 You
confirm that you have disclosed fully to the Company all circumstances of which you are
aware, in respect of which there is, or there might be, a conflict of interest between
the Company or any Group Company and you or your Immediate Relatives, and you agree to
disclose fully to the Company in writing in advance of a conflict arising, any such circumstances
which may arise during your employment.

7.4 You
shall under no circumstances whatsoever either directly or indirectly receive or accept
for your own benefit any commission, rebate, discount, gratuity or profit from any person,
company or firm having business transactions with any Group Company unless previously
approved in writing by the Board.

7.5 Notwithstanding
the above sub-clauses, you may continue to be involved with such organisations and/or
to engage in such activities as you have previously disclosed to the Company and may
become involved with other organisations as may be approved by the Board in writing in
advance of any such involvement; provided that such activities do not violate or substantially
interfere with the performance of your services, duties and responsibilities under this
Agreement.

8 SALARY

8.1 During
your appointment the Company shall pay you the Basic Salary, which shall accrue day to
day and be payable monthly in arrears by way of direct transfer into your nominated bank
account, subject to PAYE, PRSI, USC and such other deductions or withholdings, as are
required by law (including benefit-in-kind taxation) and are remitted to Revenue or the
Company is entitled under this Agreement to make. A record of your contributions will
be held by both the Company and Department of Social Protection. The PRSI and USC deducted
will be noted on your pay slip. The Company also pays employer PRSI contributions for
you. This contribution is not deducted from your pay.

4

8.2 Your
Basic Salary will be reviewed annually, and any increase will be notified to you in writing.
In reviewing your salary, there is no obligation on the Company to make any increase
and any increase given in any year shall not create an entitlement or expectation of
future increase.

8.3 Your
salary provided for in this clause 8 shall be deemed to include any fee receivable by
you as a director of the Company or any Group Company or of any other company or unincorporated
body in which you hold office as nominee or representative of the Company or any Group
Company.

8.4 The
Company reserves the right to require you to repay, either by deduction from salary or
any other method acceptable to the Company, any losses sustained through fraud or dishonesty
on your part or any remuneration, expenses or any other payments which are overpaid to
you, whether made by mistake or otherwise. By signing this Agreement, you expressly consent
to such deductions.

8.5 You
may, under section 23 of the National Minimum Wage Act 2000 (as amended), request from
the Company a written statement of your average hourly rate of pay for the relevant pay
reference period (which is bi-weekly).

9 PENSION

9.1 The
Company provides you with access to a standard Personal Retirement Savings Account (PRSA)
and will facilitate deductions of contributions from your Basic Salary. The PRSA is administered
through Bank of Ireland.

9.2 The
Company shall make an annual contribution equal to 6% of your gross Basic Salary into the PRSA.

9.3 The
Company reserves the right at any time, without further remuneration or compensation
to you, to vary or discontinue its contributions to the PRSA and/or to provide alternative
benefits for and in respect of you.

10 BENEFITS

10.1 Bonus

10.1.1 You
may, at the absolute discretion of the Company, be eligible to participate in a discretionary
bonus scheme. The amount of any bonus awarded will be up to a potential maximum award
of 40% of your Basic Salary (less taxable deductions). Any such discretionary bonus award
shall be calculated following the close of the fiscal year to which the bonus relates,
and shall be paid in a lump sum no later than two and a half months following the end
of the fiscal year in which such bonus award is earned, provided you remain employed
on the date of payment and have not given notice of resignation or otherwise received
notice of termination from the Company.

10.1.2 Bonus
payments are discretionary, are not guaranteed and are a function of the Company's and
the Groups performance, profitability, success in meeting specified objectives
and an assessment of your individual performance. The criteria for eligibility for a
discretionary bonus payment will be determined by the Company from time to time at its
discretion. You acknowledge and agree that (i)
you have no contractual entitlement to or legitimate expectation of receiving a bonus payment and (ii) payment of a bonus in preceding
years does not create any expectation or precedent for payment in future years. You acknowledge that the terms and conditions
of the bonus scheme, including the method and time of payment, are not contractual and the scheme can be amended or withdrawn
in its entirety at the absolute discretion of the Company.

10.2 Equity
Awards

10.2.1 You
shall be entitled to participate in any equity or other employee benefit plan that is
generally available to senior executive officers, as distinguished from general management,
of the Company or the Group. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, your participation
in and eligibility for
benefits under any such plan shall be on the terms and subject to the conditions specified in the governing document of the particular
plan.

5

10.3 You
acknowledge and agree that the Groups Compensation Recovery Policy in force from
time to time shall apply from the effective date of this Agreement to any amounts payable
or benefits accorded to you under this Agreement where such amounts payable or benefits
constitute Recoverable Incentive Compensation as defined in the policy.

10.4 The
Company shall be entitled to withhold from amounts payable or benefits accorded to you
under this Agreement all employment and other taxes, as and in such amounts as may be
required by applicable law.

10.5 You
shall be entitled to participate in benefits under the Companys benefit plans
and arrangements as notified to you in writing from time to time, including, without
limitation, any employee benefit plan or arrangement made available in the future by
the Company to its senior executives, subject to and on a basis consistent with the terms,
conditions and overall administration of such plans and arrangements. Participation in
all benefit schemes shall be subject always to the rules and conditions applicable to
each such scheme or such other rules and regulations as may be laid down by the Company,
and amended, from time to time. The Company reserves the right at all times, without
further remuneration or compensation to you, to amend the terms and/or rules of any benefit
schemes, vary or discontinue any benefit schemes in which you may be entitled to participate
and/or substitute new benefit schemes for any scheme in which you may be eligible to
participate.

10.6 Any
Company benefit which is insured including any benefit payments under any benefit schemes
will be subject to and conditional upon (i) the terms and conditions of the relevant
rules or policy of insurance in place and amended from time to time and the decisions
of the insurance provider, (ii) your satisfying the normal medical and other underwriting
requirements and other terms and conditions of the relevant insurance provider and (iii)
insurance being obtained on normal terms and the premium being at a rate which the Company
considers reasonable. This may necessitate restricting your benefits under such benefit
schemes.

10.7 The
Company shall only be obliged to make payments to or in respect of you under any insured
benefit plans if it has received payment from the insurance provider for that purpose.
If the insurance provider refuses for any reason to provide a benefit to or in respect
of you under any relevant plan, the Company shall not be liable to provide any replacement
benefit of the same or similar kind or to pay any compensation in lieu of such benefit.

10.8 All
benefits payable or otherwise made available to you under any benefit scheme during your
employment shall automatically cease, as shall your eligibility to participate in such
scheme, on termination of your employment with the Company for any reason whatsoever,
subject to the rules of the applicable scheme. In the event of such termination, the
Company shall be under no obligation to replace the terminated or discontinued benefit
or scheme and/or provide the same or similar benefits or compensation in lieu thereof.

10.9 For
the avoidance of doubt, your eligibility to participate in or receive benefits from any
insurance or other benefits scheme shall not prejudice the Company's ability to terminate
your employment and/or this Agreement.

11 INSURANCE

11.1 The
Company shall have the right to take out life, health, accident, key-man
or other insurance covering you, in the name of the Company and at the Companys
expense in any amount deemed appropriate by the Company. You shall assist the Company
in obtaining such insurance, including, without limitation, submitting to any required
examinations and providing information and data required by insurance companies.

12 EXPENSES

12.1 The
Company shall reimburse you for reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred in
connection with the performance of your duties hereunder, subject to (i) such policies
as the Company may from time to time
establish, (ii) you furnishing the Company with evidence in the form of receipts satisfactory to the Company substantiating the
claimed expenditures, and (iii) you receiving advance approval from the CEO in the case of expenses (or a series of related expenses)
in excess of $7,000.

6

13 DEDUCTIONS

13.1 The
Company shall be entitled to deduct from your remuneration all sums owed by you to the
Company or any Group Company. This includes but is not limited to any overpayments made
to you, outstanding loans, advances, the cost of repairing any damage or loss to the
Company's property caused by you (and of recovering the same), excess holiday pay, any
sums due from you in respect of sickness benefit, and any amounts owing by you to any
credit card provider in relation to any corporate card provided to you through the Company.
By signing this Agreement, you hereby consent to any such deductions from your Basic
Salary and/or remuneration or other sums due to you by the Company.

14 HOLIDAYS

14.1 The
Company's holiday year runs from 1 January to 31 December. You shall be entitled to five
weeks holiday in every calendar year (exclusive of public holidays) calculated by reference
to time worked on a pro rata basis. Holidays shall be taken at such time or times so
as not to materially and adversely interfere with the performance of your responsibilities
under this Agreement. You shall be entitled to carry over a maximum of five unused holiday
days from one year to the next. Any such carried over leave must be taken within 6 months
of the end of the preceding leave year.

14.2 You
shall not have any right to payment in lieu of any holidays not taken. Any accrued but
unused holiday time above the five-day maximum will be waived. In addition, you shall
be entitled to additional paid time off in accordance with the policies of the Company
applicable to senior management personnel from time to time.

14.3 The
Company may require you to take all or part of your outstanding holiday entitlement in
any calendar year during the Termination Notice Period.

14.4 Upon
termination of your employment, you shall either be entitled to salary in lieu of any
accrued but untaken holiday entitlement or be required to repay to the Company (by way
of deductions or otherwise) any salary received in respect of holiday taken in excess
of your holiday entitlement.

14.5 You
are also entitled to public holidays in accordance with the terms of Part III of the
Organisation of Working Time Act 1997.

15 ILLNESS
AND INCAPACITY

15.1 In
case of sickness or other incapacity for work, you must comply with the Company's Illness
and Absence Procedure from time to time in force regarding notification and medical certification.
Full details of the Company's policy are set out in the Employee Handbook. Where there
is a continuing absence, you shall keep the Company fully informed on a regular basis
of your condition and expected return to work.

15.2 A
medical certificate in a form satisfactory to the Company must be produced in respect
of absence of three days or more and afterwards at such intervals as required by the
Company.

15.3 The
Company reserves the right to have you medically examined by a registered medical practitioner
to be selected by the Company at any time during employment. Failure to attend and engage
at a medical examination when requested to do so may result in disciplinary action and/or
termination of sick pay (if applicable). You acknowledge and agree that the Company is
entitled to make relevant determinations based on the advice of its nominated doctor
and/or consultant. You hereby authorise such medical practitioners to disclose to, and
discuss with, the Company and its medical advisers the results of such examinations and
tests.

7

15.4 The
Company operates a discretionary sick pay scheme. The Company may, at its discretion,
continue to pay you your Basic Salary (less any social welfare benefit to which you may
be entitled, whether you have claimed this or not) during any periods of inability to
work due to illness or accident in accordance with the terms of the Company's Illness
and Absence Procedure. The Company may, in its absolute discretion, cease or withhold
payments where you fail to follow the absence notification and/or certification procedures
as outlined above or in circumstances where it reasonably believes your absence is not
legitimate.

15.5 You
shall immediately inform the Company if your inability to perform your duties results
from incapacity caused by a third party and for which compensation is or may be recoverable
by or on behalf of you. In that event, any payments made by the Company to you during
such period of incapacity shall be treated as being made to you by way of loan and shall
be recoverable by the Company. You will keep the Company regularly informed of the progress
of any action which you take against such third party or relevant insurer, provide such
information as the Company may from time to time reasonably require and will immediately
notify the Company in writing of any compromise, settlement, award of judgement in connection
with the claim. At the Company's request, you will refund to the Company the lesser of
the amount recovered by you and the aggregate cost of payments and benefits provided
to you in respect of such period of absence.

16 DISCIPLINARY
AND GRIEVANCE PROCEDURES

16.1 The
Company has a Disciplinary Procedure and a Grievance Procedure, these are non-contractual
and can be found in the Employee Handbook.

16.2 The
Company requires a good standard of discipline and conduct from you together with satisfactory
standards of work. Disciplinary action up to and including dismissal may take place if
your conduct or standard of work falls below an acceptable level.

17 SUSPENSION

17.1 The
Company shall have the right to suspend you on full pay pending (i) any investigation
(internal or external, disciplinary, regulatory or otherwise) and/or (ii) any subsequent
disciplinary hearing, (iii) and/or any appeal hearing. In such circumstances the Company
may:

17.1.1 exclude
you from all or any premises of the Company or any Group Company;

17.1.2 require
you to abstain from engaging in any contact (whether or not initiated by you) which concerns
any of the business affairs of the Company or any Group Company with any customer, client,
supplier, other business connection, employee, director, officer, consultant or agent
of the Company or any Group Company;

17.1.3 require
you to deliver up to the Company without destruction, deletion or redaction of any data
or images, any correspondence, documents, laptops, computer drives, computer disks and
other computer equipment, tapes, hardware, devices, mobile telephones, Blackberry or
Smartphone wireless devices (or similar) in your possession or under your control and
which belong to the Company or any Group Company and to provide to the Company full details
of all then current passwords or other privacy or security measures used by you in respect
of such equipment;

17.1.4 suspend
or limit your access to the Company's IT, computer, e-mail, telephone, voicemail and
other communication and IT systems or databases.

17.2 During
any period of suspension, you shall continue to be bound by the duties of confidentiality,
fidelity and good faith, shall be available during normal business hours (other than
agreed holidays or authorised absence for sickness or other authorised leave) to perform
any duties that may be assigned to you and shall continue to comply with the terms of
this Agreement.

8

18 TERMINATION

18.1 This
agreement may be terminated by either party by giving to the other 180 days prior written notice (the Termination Notice Period).

18.2 The
Company may, at its sole and absolute discretion, decide to pay you a sum equal to Basic
Salary in lieu of all or part of the Termination Notice Period (subject to the deduction
of applicable PAYE, PRSI and USC). Where payment is made in lieu, your employment shall
terminate with immediate effect. For the avoidance of doubt, any payment in lieu shall
not include any element in relation to any bonus or commission payment, any payment in
respect of any additional benefits (including any holiday entitlement) that might otherwise
have been due during the period for which the payment in lieu is made.

18.3 Notwithstanding
the earlier provisions of this clause the Company shall be entitled, by notifying you
in writing, to terminate this Agreement without notice or any payment by way of compensation,
damages, payment in lieu of notice or otherwise if at any time you:

18.3.1 commit
any act of serious misconduct;

18.3.2 commit
any serious or material or repeated breaches of any of your obligations under this Agreement;

18.3.3 have
a bankruptcy order made against you or enter into any composition agreements or voluntary
arrangements with your creditors;

18.3.4 be
charged with or convicted of any criminal offence (other than an offence under the Road
Traffic Acts for which a penalty of imprisonment is not imposed);

18.3.5 commit
any act of dishonesty or act in any way which may, in the reasonable opinion of the Company,
bring the Company or any Group Company into disrepute or discredit;

18.3.6 neglect
or fail or refuse to properly carry out any of the duties assigned to you;

18.3.7 be
prevented by illness or accident from performing your duties in full for a period in
aggregate of 20 weeks in any 40 consecutive weeks or if you shall be absent from your
duties by reason of illness or accident for more than 150 working days in any consecutive
12 months;

18.3.8 cease
to be a director of the Company or are prohibited, restricted or disqualified from holding
office in any company or cease to have any regulatory approval required to enable you
to properly perform your duties; and/or

18.3.9 engage
in fraud or embezzlement or any other illegal conduct with respect to the Company.

18.4 The
exercise by the Company of its right to terminate under this clause shall be without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies which the Company or any Group Company may
have or be entitled to exercise against you.

18.5 You
shall not at any time during any period of Garden Leave or after the Termination Date
make any public statements in relation to the Company or any Group Company or any of
their officers or employees. You shall not after the Termination Date represent yourself
as being employed by or connected with the Company or any Group Company.

18.6 All
property of the Company and any Group Company, including but not limited to all Confidential
Business Information, credit, charge and expense cards, books, notes, memoranda, correspondence,
tapes, codes, keys, papers, drawings, designs, documents, records, computer disks, computer
hardware, computer software, laptops, mobile phones, memory sticks and other storage
devices, client contact information posted by you to social media sites such as LinkedIn
and passes in your possession or control are and remain the property of the Company or
such Group Company and you shall deliver all such items in your possession, custody
or control immediately to the Company on the Termination Date, or earlier if requested by the Company (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, if you are placed on Garden Leave). You shall, if so, required by the Company, confirm in writing compliance with your
obligations under this sub-clause.

9

18.7 If,
before the termination of this Agreement, your employment shall be terminated by reason
of the liquidation or other cesser of operations of the Company for the purpose of reconstruction
or amalgamation and you shall be offered employment with any concern or undertaking resulting
from such reconstruction or amalgamation on terms and conditions not less favourable
than the terms of this Agreement, then you shall have no claim against the Company or
any Group Company in respect of the termination of your employment or loss of office.

18.8 For
the avoidance of doubt, the clauses headed "Confidentiality and Intellectual Property",
and "Restrictive Covenants" shall remain in full force and effect following
the termination of your employment.

18.9 The
termination of this Agreement shall not affect such of the provisions of this Agreement
as are expressed to operate or have effect thereafter and shall be without prejudice
to any right of action already accrued to either party in respect of any breach of this
Agreement by the other party.

19 CONFIDENTIALITY
AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

19.1 You
acknowledge and agree that the terms of the Employee Non-Disclosure, Invention Assignment
and Restrictive Covenants Agreement (the NDIAA) between you and Tonix Pharmaceuticals
Holding Corp. (and its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns) apply to your
employment activities carried out by you in your role as Chief Technical Officer on behalf
of the Company and on behalf of the Group, save for the restrictive covenants at section
4 of the NDIAA which have been replaced in their entirety by clause 21 of this Agreement.

20 DIRECTORSHIPS

20.1 You
undertake that, if you are appointed a director of the Company or any Group Company,
you shall not during the continuance of this Agreement disqualify yourself from holding
office as a director. If you are or become disqualified from being a director by reason
of any order made by any competent court, the Company may terminate your employment summarily
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

20.2 You
shall not be entitled to any additional remuneration or compensation in respect of your
directorship or trusteeship (if any) of the Company or any Group Company or of any company
or unincorporated body in which you hold office as a nominee or representative of the
Company.

20.3 If
you are a director of the Company or any Group Company, you shall, at the request of
the Company, resign without claim for compensation as an officer of the Company or of
any Group Company and from all other appointments or offices which you hold as nominee
or representative of the Company or any Group Company:

20.3.1 on
termination of this Agreement howsoever arising; or

20.3.2 if
at any time during the Term you are prevented from performing your duties whether through
incapacity or otherwise; or

20.3.3 you
are under notice of the termination of your employment; or

20.3.4 during
any period of Garden Leave; and in any event

20.3.5 on
the Termination Date.

If
you should fail to do so within seven days, the Company is hereby irrevocably authorised to appoint some person in your name,
as your attorney and on your behalf to sign and deliver the letter(s) of resignation to the
Board and the board of directors for the time being of any other Group Company, as applicable, and to sign any other documents
or do any things necessary or requisite to effect such resignation(s).

10

21 RESTRICTIVE
COVENANTS

21.1 You
acknowledge and agree that:

21.1.1 The
Company/Group is in a unique and highly specialised business, which is international
in scope with a large number of competitors;

21.1.2 The
Company/Group possess a valuable body of Confidential Business Information and that your
knowledge of that Confidential Business Information directly benefits you by enabling
you to perform your duties;

21.1.3 During
the course of your employment with the Company you are likely to develop close links
with customers, clients, suppliers and other employees of the Company and the Group and
to have access to Confidential Business Information;

21.1.4 The
protection of Confidential Business Information, customer connections, supplier connections,
goodwill and the stability of the workforce of the Company and its Group Companies are
legitimate business interests requiring protection; and

21.1.5 The
disclosure of any Confidential Business Information to any actual or potential competitor
of the Company or any Group Company would place the Company at a serious competitive
disadvantage and would cause immeasurable (financial and other) damage to the Company.

21.2 In
consideration of the salary and other benefits payable under this Agreement, you covenant
with and undertakes to the Company that you will observe the post termination obligations
set out in Schedule 3 to this Agreement, which schedule constitutes part of this Agreement.

21.3 You
acknowledge and agree that the restrictions in Schedule 3 are necessary on objective
grounds including, but not limited to, the protection of business confidentiality.

22 DATA
PROTECTION

22.1 Details
of how and why the Company processes your personal data are contained in the Company's
Data Privacy Notice in place from time to time. You expressly acknowledge and agree that
the terms of the Data Privacy Notice do not form part of your terms and conditions of
employment, however, you will be asked to acknowledge receipt of the Data Privacy Notice.

22.2 The
Company takes its data protection obligations seriously and, in this regard, has a Data
Protection Policy which is applicable to all employees. Any breach of this policy by
an employee may result in disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal. For further
information on data protection procedure and processes please refer to the Data Protection
Policy. The Company reserves the right to change, replace or withdraw its Data Protection
Policy at any time and you are required to comply with the policies and procedures in
force from time to time.

23 COLLECTIVE
AGREEMENTS

There
are no registered employment agreements, collective agreements or employment regulation orders relevant to your employment with
the Company.

24 LAY
OFF AND / OR SHORT TIME

The
Company reserves the right to lay you off or reduce your working hours. In such circumstances, you will receive as much notice
as is reasonably possible prior to such lay off or short time. You will not be paid during any period of lay off and paid only
in respect of hours actually worked during any period of short time. Selection
for lay off and / or short time work will be based on the business requirements of the Company from time to time.

11

25 NOTICES

25.1 Any
notice to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing. Notices may be served by
either party by personal service or by recorded delivery or by registered post addressed
to the other party or by leaving such notice at (in the case of the Company) its registered
office for the time being and (in your case) your last known address and any notice given
shall be deemed to have been served at the time at which the notice was personally served
or if sent by recorded delivery at the time of delivery as recorded or if sent by registered
post on the second working day after posting or in the case of being left as appropriate
at the registered office or last known address, the date on which it was so left.

25.2 A
notice will also be deemed to have been served by e-mail upon transmission provided the
notice is sent to human.resources@tonixpharma.com
(in the case of a notice to the Company) and siobhan.fogarty@tonixpharma.com
(in the case of a notice to you), or such other e-mail address as either Party
may notify to the other.

26 VARIATION

In
addition to any specific reservations referred to in this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to make reasonable changes
to the terms and conditions of your employment from time to time. You will be notified in writing of any change as soon as possible
and in accordance with statute.

27 GOVERNING
LAW

This
Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of Ireland and the parties to this Agreement hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish Courts.

28 COUNTERPARTS

This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when executed, shall be an original and all the counterparts
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

29 GENERAL

29.1 This
Agreement shall form the statement of your terms and conditions of employment in compliance
with the provisions of the Terms of Employment (Information) Acts 1994 - 2014.

29.2 This
Agreement constitutes the entire and only legally binding agreement between the Parties
relating to your employment by the Company. All previous agreements, including your Previous
Contract, understandings, assurances, statements, promises, warranties, representations
or misrepresentations (whether written or oral) between the Parties are superseded by
this Agreement.

29.3 Where,
in connection with this Agreement you undertake any obligation in respect of any Group
Company, you unconditionally and irrevocably acknowledge and agree that the Company is
entering into this Agreement and accepting the benefit of such obligations not only for
itself but also as agent and trustee for such other Group Company. For the purposes of
this Agreement, and notwithstanding any of the other provisions of this Agreement, the
Company will be entitled to carry out all or any of its obligations under this Agreement,
whether as to payment of remuneration, deduction of amounts or otherwise, through any
Group Company as it may from time to time determine and the Company may enforce the provisions
of this Agreement either directly as a party to it or as an agent for and on behalf of
any such Group Company.

29.4 No
failure or delay by the Company in exercising any remedy, right, power or privilege under
or in relation to this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of the same nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any remedy, right,
power or privilege preclude any further exercise of the same or the exercise of any other remedy, right, power or privilege.

12

29.5 No
waiver by the Company of any of the requirements of this Agreement or of any of its rights
under this Agreement shall have effect unless given in writing and signed by the Company.
No waiver of any particular breach of the provisions of this Agreement shall operate
as a waiver of any repetition of that breach.

29.6 If
any provision of this Agreement shall be, or become, void or unenforceable for any reason
within any jurisdiction, this shall affect neither the validity of that provision within
any other jurisdiction nor any of the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

29.7 You
agree that the Company may transfer, upon agreement, your employment from the Company
to such other Group Company as the Company may determine and/or require you to execute
a service agreement with that other company (provided that the terms of that agreement
are no less favourable than those of this Agreement).

SIGNED
by /s/ Bradley Saenger Date 2/27/2025

/s/ Betsy Nunez

Signature
of Witness

Duly authorised
on behalf of Betsy
Nunez

Name
of Witness

TONIX PHARMA LIMITED 26
Main St, Suite 101 Chatham, NJ 07928

Address
of Witness

Name: Bradley Saenger Director,
Human Resources

Title: Director Occupation
of Witness

SIGNED by /s/ Siobhan Fogarty Date. in
the presence of:

/s/ Betsy Nunez

Signature
of Witness

Betsy
Nunez

Siobhan Fogarty 

Name
of Witness

Betsy
Nunez

Name: Siobhan Fogarty 

Address
of Witness

Director,
Human Resources

Title: EVP, Product
Development 

Occupation
of Witness

13

SCHEDULE
1 

DEFINITIONS

In
this Agreement the following words and expressions shall have the following meanings:

Associated
Company includes any firm, company, corporation or other organisation:-

(a) which
is directly or indirectly controlled by the Company; or

(b) which
directly or indirectly controls the Company; or

(c) which
is directly or indirectly controlled by a third party who also directly or indirectly
controls the Company; or

(d) of
which the Company or any other Associated Company owns or has a beneficial interest in
20% or more of the issued share capital or 20% or more of its capital assets; or

(e) which
is the successor in title or assign of the firms, companies, corporations or other organisations
referred to above.

Basic
Salary means 385,000 (gross) per annum;

Board
means the Board of Directors for the time being of the Company (including any committee of the Board duly appointed by it);

Chair
means the Chairperson for the time being of the Board and shall include his/her designee;

Companies
Act means the Companies Act 2014 and all other statutes and statutory instruments or parts thereof which are to be read as
one with or construed or read together as one with such statutes;

Company
Consultant means any person who was engaged as a consultant or a contractor by (i) the Company or (ii) any Associated Company
on the Termination Date and

(a) with
whom you had material contact or dealings in performing her duties of the Employment;
and

(b) who
had material contact with customers or suppliers of the Company in performing the duties
of their engagement with the Company or any Associated Company (as applicable); or

(c) who
was a member of the management team of the Company or any Associated Company (as applicable);

Company
Employee means any person who was employed by (i) the Company or (ii) any Associated Company on the Termination Date and

(a) with
whom you had material contact or dealings in performing her duties of the Employment;
and

(b) who
had material contact with customers or suppliers of the Company in performing the duties
of Employment with the Company or any Associated Company (as applicable); or

(c) who
was a member of the management team of the Company or any Associated Company (as applicable);

14

Confidential
Business Information means all and any Corporate Information, Marketing Information, Technical Information and other information
(whether or not recorded in documentary form or on computer disk or tape or howsoever) which the Company or any Group Company
considers confidential or in respect of which it owes an obligation of confidentiality to any third party:

(a) which
you acquire at any time during your employment by the Company or you have acquired during
your prior employment with the Company, but which does not form part of your own general
knowledge or stock in trade; and

(b) which
is not in the public domain or readily ascertainable to persons not connected with the
Company or any Group Company either at all or without a significant expenditure of labour,
skill or money;

Corporate
Information means all and any information (whether or not recorded in documentary form or on computer disk or tape or howsoever)
relating to the business methods, corporate plans, management systems, finances, maturing new business opportunities or research
and development products of the Company or any Group Company;

Customer
means any person, firm, company or other organisation whatsoever to whom the Company has supplied goods or services.

Garden
Leave has the meaning given to it in clause 4;

Group
means the Company and each Group Company;

Group
Company means a company which is a Subsidiary or Holding Company of the Company or any Subsidiary of such Holding Company
from time to time (and for this purpose Subsidiary and Holding Company have the meanings given to them respectively
in sections 7 and 8 of the Companies Act 2014) together with such other companies as the Board may from time to time designate
as a Group Company for the purposes of this Agreement;

Immediate
Relative means in relation to you, any spouse, civil partner, children and the foresaid relatives by marriage;

Marketing
Information means all and any information (whether or not recorded in documentary form or on computer disk or tape or howsoever)
relating to the marketing, branding, or sales of any past, present or future product or service of the Company or any Group Company
including without limitation sales targets and statistics, market share and pricing statistics, marketing surveys and plans, market
research reports, sales techniques, price lists, discount structures, advertising and promotional material, the names, addresses,
telephone numbers, contact names and identities of customers and potential customers of and suppliers and potential suppliers
to the Company or any Group Company, the nature of their business operations, their requirements for any product or service sold
to or purchased by the Company or any Group Company and all confidential aspects of their business relationship with the Company
or any Group Company;

month
means calendar month and "months" and "monthly" shall be construed accordingly;

Officer
means a director or secretary of a company;

Previous
Contract means your contract of employment with the Company dated 26 September 2016

Prohibited
Area means:

(a) Ireland
and the United States;

(b) any
other country in the world where, on the Termination Date, the Associated Company develops,
sells, supplies, manufactures or researches its products or services or where the Associated
Company is intending within 12 months following the Termination Date to develop, sell,
supply or manufacture its products or services and in respect of which you have been
responsible (whether alone or jointly with others), concerned or active on behalf of
the Company during any part of the 12 months immediately preceding the Termination Date.

15

Promotion
Date means 01 February 2025;

Prospective
Customer shall mean any person, firm, company or other organisation with whom the Company has had any negotiations or material
discussions regarding the possible supply of goods or services by the Company in the 12 months immediately before the Termination
Date and with whom you have had material contact or dealings on behalf of the Company during the 12 months immediately preceding
the Termination Date or for whom you were, in a client management capacity on behalf of the Company, directly responsible during
the 12 months immediately preceding the Termination Date .

Supplier
means any person, company, business entity or other organisation whatsoever who:

(a) has
supplied goods or services to the Company during any part of the 12 months immediately
preceding the Termination Date; or

(b) has
agreed prior to the Termination Date to supply goods or services to the Company to commence
at any time in the 12 months following the Termination Date; or

(c) as
at the Termination Date, supplies goods or services to the Company under an exclusive
contract or arrangement between that Supplier and the Company.

Technical
Information means all and any trade secrets, secret formula, processes, inventions, designs, know-how, discoveries, intellectual
property, technical specifications and other technical information (whether or not recorded in documentary form or on computer
disk or tape or howsoever) relating to the creation, production or supply of any past, present or future product or service of
the Company or any Group Company;

Term
means the period of your employment.

Termination
Date shall mean the date upon which your employment with the Company terminates and for the avoidance of doubt does not mean
the date on which the greater of contractual or statutory notice would have expired had it been given unless otherwise stated.

Termination
Notice Period has the meaning given to it in clause 18.

16

SCHEDULE
2

[***]

17

SCHEDULE
3

[***]

18

APPENDIX
A

[***]

19

EXHIBIT
A

[***]

Exhibit A-1

EXHIBIT
B

[***]

EXHIBIT B-1

EXHIBIT
C

[***]

EXHIBIT C-1

EXHIBIT
D

[***]

EXHIBIT D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tnxp-20250227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tnxp-20250227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tnxp-20250227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36019

Entity Registrant Name TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001430306

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-1434750

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 26 Main Street

Entity Address, City or Town Chatham

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07928

City Area Code (862)

Local Phone Number 904-8182

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol TNXP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://tonixpharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tnxp-20250227.xsd 
tnxp-20250227_lab.xml 
tnxp-20250227_pre.xml 
tnxp-8k_022725.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001839882-25-013638-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tnxp-8k_022725_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001430306 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001430306 
8-K 
2025-02-27 
TONIX PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDING CORP. 
NV 
001-36019 
26-1434750 
26 Main Street 
Chatham 
NJ 
07928 
(862) 
904-8182 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
TNXP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>