<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-007732.txt : 20250220
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-007732.hdr.sgml : 20250220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250220164533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-007732
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aspire Biopharma Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847345
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41293
		FILM NUMBER:		25646130

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 BROADWAY, FLOOR 3
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-704-8527

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 BROADWAY, FLOOR 3
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10038

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PowerUp Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210222

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PowsedrUp Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210222
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000184734500018473452025-02-132025-02-130001847345dei:FormerAddressMember2025-02-132025-02-130001847345ASBP:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-132025-02-130001847345ASBP:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-02-132025-02-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 13, 2025

Aspire
Biopharma Holdings, Inc.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-41293 33-3467744

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
No.) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

194
Candelaro Drive, #233

Humacao,
Puerto Rico00791

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

(415)592-7399

(Registrants
Telephone Number)

PowerUp
Acquisition Corp.

188
Grand Street, Unit #195

New
York, NY10013

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share ASBP The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants,
each exercisable for one share of common stock ASBPW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Equity
Line of Credit

On
February 13, 2025, the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement (ELOC Agreement) with Arena Business Solutions Global
SPC II, Ltd. (Arena). Under the ELOC Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to direct Arena to purchase
up to $100,000,000 in shares of the Companys common stock (the ELOC Shares) upon satisfaction of certain terms and
conditions contained in the ELOC Agreement, including, without limitation, an effective registration statement filed with the SEC registering
the resale of ELOC Commitment Shares (as defined below) and additional shares to be sold to Arena from time to time under the ELOC Agreement.
The term of the ELOC Agreement began on the date of execution and ends on the earlier of (i) the first day of the month following the
36-month anniversary of the execution date, (ii) the date on which the Investor shall have purchased the maximum amount of ELOC Shares,
or (iii) the effective date of any written notice of termination delivered pursuant to the terms of the ELOC Agreement (the Commitment
Period).

During
the Commitment Period, the Company may direct Arena to purchase ELOC Shares by delivering a notice (an Advance Notice)
to Arena. The Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the amount of ELOC Shares requested by the Company in each Advance Notice.
However, such amount may not exceed the Maximum Advance Amount (as defined in the ELOC Agreement). The purchase price to be paid by Arena
for the ELOC Shares will be ninety-six percent (96%) of the VWAP (as defined in the ELOC Agreement) of the Companys common stock
during the trading day commencing on the date of the Advance Notice, subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms of the ELOC Agreement;
provided, however, that the purchase price will never be less than the floor price of $4.00 per share.

In
consideration for Arenas execution and delivery of the ELOC Agreement, the Company agreed to issue or cause to be issued or transferred
to Arena 1,893,473 shares of common stock (the ELOC Commitment Shares), of which 786,946 will be freely tradable, subject
to a leak out agreement (the Leak Out Agreement) whereby the Investors sales may not exceed 15% of the daily trading
volume of the common stock on the date of sale.

Under
the ELOC Agreement, the Company also agreed to, no later than ten (10) business days following the Closing of the Business Combination,
file with the SEC a registration statement for the resale by Arena of the ELOC Shares and the ELOC Commitment Shares, and to file one
or more additional registration statements if necessary.

The
ELOC Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements and conditions to completing future sale transactions, indemnification
rights and obligations of the parties. Among other things, Arena represented to the Company, that it is an accredited investor
(as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act). The Company issued, and will issue, the securities
in reliance upon an exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

The
foregoing description of the ELOC Agreement and Leak Out Agreement, are qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of such agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2, and which is incorporated herein in its
entirety by reference. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in such agreement were made only for purposes of such
agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed
upon by the contracting parties.

Item
2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth under Item 1.01 above of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information set forth under Item 1.01 above of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.03.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
February 20, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the consummation of the Business Combination. A copy of the press release
is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The
information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K and the press release attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto is being furnished
and shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth
by specific reference in such a filing.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Form of Purchase Agreement 

10.2 Form of Leak Out Agreement

99.1 Press Release dated February 20, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ASPIRE
BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC.

By:
/s/
Kraig Higginson

Kraig
Higginson

Chief
Executive Officer 

Date:
February 20, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EXECUTION
VERSION

PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

THIS
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 13, 2025, is made by and between ARENA
BUSINESS SOLUTIONS GLOBAL SPC II, LTD (the Investor), and POWERUP ACQUISITION CORP, a Delaware corporation
(the Company).

WHEREAS,
the parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall have the right to issue and
sell to the Investor, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to $100.00 million of
the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Shares); and

WHEREAS,
the Common Shares are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol PWUP; and

WHEREAS,
the offer and sale of the Common Shares issuable hereunder will be made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act), or upon such other
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the transactions
to be made hereunder.

NOW,
THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Article
I

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Advance
shall mean the portion of the Commitment Amount requested by the Company in an Advance Notice.

Advance
Date shall mean the 1st Trading Day after expiration of the applicable Pricing Period for each Advance.

Advance
Halt shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(d).

Advance
Notice shall mean a written notice in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto to the Investor executed by an officer
of the Company or other authorized representative of the Company identified on Schedule 1 hereto and setting forth the amount of an Advance
that the Company desires to issue and sell to the Investor.

Advance
Notice Date shall mean each date the Company delivers (in accordance with Section 2.02 of this Agreement) to the Investor
an Advance Notice, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Affiliate
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.07.

Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Applicable
Laws shall mean all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, executive orders, directives, policies, guidelines
and codes having the force of law, whether local, national, or international, as amended from time to time, including without limitation
(i) all applicable laws that relate to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial record keeping and reporting, (ii) all applicable
laws that relate to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, books and records and internal controls, including the United States Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, and (iii) any Sanctions laws.

Bankruptcy
Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal, state or similar laws for the relief of debtors.

Black
Out Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.02.

Business
Combination means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 26, 2024, as amended by an Amendment Agreement dated
September 5, 2024 and a Second Amendment Agreement dated October 9, 2024, by and among the Company, PowerUp Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, SRIRAMA Associates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Stephen Quesenberry,
in the capacity as the representative from and after the Effective Time (as defined in the BC Agreement) for the Aspire (as defined below)
stockholders as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, and Aspire Biopharma, Inc., a Puerto Rico corporation (Aspire).

Business
Day means any day on which the Principal Market or Trading Market is open for trading, including any day on which the Principal
Market or Trading Market is open for trading for a period of time less than the customary time.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.06.

Buy-In
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.06.

Closing
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05.

Commitment
Amount shall mean $100.00 million of Common Shares, provided that, the Company shall not effect any sales under this
Agreement and the Investor shall not have the obligation to purchase Common Shares under this Agreement to the extent (but only to the
extent) that after giving effect to such purchase and sale the aggregate number of Common Shares issued under this Agreement would exceed
19.99% of the outstanding Common Shares as of the date of this Agreement (the Exchange Cap); provided further
that, the Exchange Cap will not apply if the Company obtains the requisite shareholder approval for issuances in excess of the Exchange
Cap (Shareholder Approval).

Commitment
Fee Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.04.

Commitment
Period shall mean the period commencing on the date hereof and expiring upon the date of termination of this Agreement in
accordance with Section 11.02.

Common
Shares shall have meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Company
Indemnitees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.02.

Condition
Satisfaction Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01.

Conversion
Cap means a number of Common Shares equal to 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date hereof
calculated in accordance with the listing standards and rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, including Rule 5635(d) (or any successor provisions
thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, once Shareholder Approval is obtained, the Conversion Cap shall cease to exist.

Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

DTC
means the Depository Trust Company.

DWAC
Shares means the Commitment Fee Shares or the Common Shares acquired or purchased by the Investor pursuant to this Agreement
(a) that the Investor has resold in a manner described under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Registration Statement
and otherwise in compliance with this Agreement before the delivery of the Transfer Agent Confirmation regarding the resale of such Commitment
Fee Shares or Common Shares (as applicable) in accordance with this Agreement, and (b) about which the Investor has (i) delivered to
the Company and the transfer agent to the Company (A) the Transfer Agent Confirmation relating to such Commitment Fee Shares or Common
Shares (as applicable) and (B) a customary representation letter from the Investor, and, if requested by the transfer agent, its broker,
confirming, among other things, the resale of such Commitment Fee Shares or Common Shares (as applicable) in the manner described in
clause (a) of this definition of DWAC Shares (including confirmation of compliance with any relevant prospectus delivery requirements),
and (ii) delivered to the transfer agent instructions for the delivery of such Commitment Fee Shares or Common Shares (as applicable)
to the account with DTC of the Investors designated broker-dealer as specified in the Transfer Agent Deliverables, which Commitment
Fee Shares or Common Shares (as applicable) will be in the hands of the persons who purchase such Commitment Fee Shares or Common Shares
(as applicable) from the Investor in the manner described in clause (a) of this definition of DWAC Shares, freely tradable and transferable
without restriction on resale and without stop transfer instructions maintained against the transfer thereof.

Environmental
Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.08.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange
Cap has the meaning set forth in the definition of Commitment Amount.

Hazardous
Materials shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.08.

Indemnified
Liabilities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

Investor
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Investor
Indemnitees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

Market
Price shall mean the VWAP of the Common Shares during the Pricing Period.

Material
Adverse Effect shall mean any event, occurrence or condition that has had or would reasonably be expected to have (i) a material
adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, (ii) a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis
its obligations under this Agreement.

Material
Outside Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.08.

Maximum
Advance Amount shall be calculated as follows: (a) if the Advance Notice is received by 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time, the lower
of (i) an amount equal to eighty percent (80%) of the average of the Daily Value Traded of the Common Shares on the ten (10) Trading
Days immediately preceding an Advance Notice, or (ii) $20 million; (b) if the Advance Notice is received by 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time,
the lower of (i) an amount equal to forty percent (40%) of the average of the Daily Value Traded of the Common Shares on the ten (10)
Trading Days immediately preceding an Advance Notice, or (ii) $10 million; and (c) if the Advance Notice is received by 12:30 p.m. Eastern
Time, the lower of (i) an amount equal to twenty percent (20%) of the average of the Daily Value Traded of the Common Shares on the ten
(10) Trading Days immediately preceding an Advance Notice, or (ii) $5 million; provided, however, that the parties hereto may modify
the aforementioned conditions by mutual prior written consent. For purposes hereof, Daily Value Traded is the product
obtained by multiplying the daily trading volume of the Companys Common Shares on the Principal Market or Trading Market during
regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P., by the VWAP for such Trading Day. For the avoidance of doubt, the daily trading
volume shall include all trades on the Principal Market or Trading Market during regular trading hours.

OFAC
shall mean the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Asset Control.

Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(a).

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, a trust or other entity or organization, including
a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Plan
of Distribution shall mean the section of a Registration Statement disclosing the plan of distribution of the Common Shares.

Pricing
Period shall mean one (1) Trading Day, as notified by the Company to the Investor in the applicable Advance Notice, commencing
on the Advance Notice Date.

Principal
Market shall mean the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Purchase
Price shall mean the price per Share obtained by multiplying the Market Price by 96.0%. If the total days VWAP at the
end of any given 1-hour interval has changed by +/- 4% versus the previous 1-hour interval, the Purchase Price will be 96% of the Investors
sale execution for that day. The last 30 minutes of trading on a Trading Day will count as the final 1-hour interval of
such Trading Day.

Registrable
Securities shall mean (i) the Common Shares, (ii) the Commitment Fee Shares, and (iii) any securities issued or issuable with
respect to any of the foregoing by way of exchange, stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization,
merger, consolidation or other reorganization or otherwise.

Registration
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(b).

Registration
Statement shall mean a registration statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 or on such other form promulgated by the SEC for which
the Company then qualifies and which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate, and which form shall be available for the registration
of the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities under the Securities Act.

Regulation
D shall mean the provisions of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Required
Delivery Date means any date on which the Company or its transfer agent is required to deliver Common Shares to Investor hereunder.

Sanctions
means any sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC, the U.S. State Department, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union,
Her Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority.

Sanctions
Programs means any OFAC economic sanction program (including, without limitation, programs related to Crimea, Cuba, Iran,
North Korea, Sudan and Syria).

SEC
shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC
Documents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.04.

Securities
Act shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Securities
Purchase Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(c).

Settlement
Document shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a).

Shares
shall mean the Commitment Fee Shares, and the Common Shares to be issued from time to time hereunder pursuant to an Advance.

Subsidiaries
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.01.

Trading
Day shall mean any day during which the Principal Market or Trading Market shall be open for business.

Trading
Market shall mean the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market,
the Nasdaq Capital Market, or the NYSE Euronext, whichever is at the time the principal trading exchange or market for the Common Shares.

Transaction
Documents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.02.

Transfer
Agent Confirmation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b).

Transfer
Agent Deliverables shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b).

VWAP
means, for any Trading Day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such Trading Day on the Principal Market
or Trading Market from 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time through 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, excluding the opening price and the closing price, if the
Advance Notice is received before 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time (the Measurement Period); provided, however, upon an Advance
Halt the VWAP calculation shall terminate as of the effective time of the Material Outside Event.

Article
II

ADVANCES

Section
2.01 Advances; Mechanics. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the provisions of
Article VII hereof), the Company at its sole and exclusive option, may issue and sell to the Investor, and the Investor shall purchase
from the Company, Common Shares on the following terms.

Section
2.02 Advance Notice. At any time during the Commitment Period, the Company may require the Investor to purchase Common Shares by
delivering an Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the conditions set forth in Section 7.01, and in accordance with the following
provisions:

(a) The
Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the amount of the Advance, not to exceed the Maximum Advance Amount, it desires to
issue and sell to the Investor in each Advance Notice and the time it desires to deliver each Advance Notice.

(b) There
shall be no mandatory minimum Advances and no non-usages fee for not utilizing the Commitment Amount or any part thereof.

(c) The
Company shall be limited to delivering up to two (2) Advance Notices to Investor per Trading Day.

(d) The
Advance Notice shall be valid upon delivery to Investor in accordance with Exhibit C.

Section
2.03 Date of Delivery of Advance Notice. An Advance Notice shall be deemed delivered on the day it is received by the Investor if
such notice is received by email prior to 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time (or later if waived by the Investor in its sole discretion) in accordance
with the instructions set forth on Exhibit C.

Section
2.04 Advance Limitations. Regardless of the amount of an Advance requested by the Company in the Advance Notice, the final amount
of an Advance pursuant to an Advance Notice shall be reduced in accordance with each of the following limitations:

(a) Ownership
Limitation; Commitment Amount. In no event shall the number of Common Shares issuable to the Investor pursuant to an Advance
cause the aggregate number of Shares beneficially owned (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) by the Investor
and its Affiliates as a result of previous issuances and sales of Common Shares to Investor under this Agreement to exceed 9.99%
of the then outstanding Common Shares (the Ownership Limitation). In connection with each Advance Notice delivered
by the Company, any portion of an Advance that would (i) cause the Investor to exceed the Ownership Limitation or (ii) cause the
aggregate number of Common Shares issued and sold to the Investor hereunder to exceed the Commitment Amount shall automatically be
withdrawn with no further action required by the Company, and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce
the amount of the Advance requested by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion; provided that in the event of any such automatic
withdrawal and automatic modification, Investor will promptly notify the Company of such event.

(b) Registration
Limitation. In no event shall an Advance exceed the amount registered under the Registration Statement then in effect (the Registration
Limitation) or the Exchange Cap to the extent applicable. In connection with each Advance Notice, any portion of an Advance
that would exceed the Registration Limitation or Exchange Cap shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by
the Company and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount of the requested Advance
by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion in respect of each Advance Notice; provided that in the event of any such automatic
withdrawal and automatic modification, Investor will promptly notify the Company of such event.

(c)

Principal
Market Regulation. The Company shall not effect any sales of Common Shares under this
Agreement and the Investor shall not have the obligation to purchase Common Shares under
this Agreement to the extent (but only to the extent) that after giving effect to such purchase
and sale the aggregate number of Common Shares issued under this Agreement including the
Commitment Fee Shares, plus the Common Shares issued pursuant to that certain securities
purchase agreement entered into by the Company and Investor on or about the date of this
Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement), and Common Shares issued
pursuant to the Notes (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), and Common Shares
issued pursuant to the Warrants (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) would exceed
the Conversion Cap, subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split,
stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately
decreases or increases the Common Shares until the Shareholder Approval has been obtained
by the Company. For the avoidance of any doubt, this prohibition shall not apply to the issuance
of the Commitment Fee Shares.

(d) Notwithstanding
any other provision in this Agreement, the Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree that upon the Investors receipt
of a valid Advance Notice the parties shall be deemed to have entered into an unconditional contract binding on both parties for
the purchase and sale of Common Shares pursuant to such Advance Notice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and subject
to Applicable Law and Section 3.08 (Trading Activities), the Investor may sell Common Shares during the Pricing Period.

Section
2.05 Closings. The closing of each Advance and each sale and purchase of Common Shares related to each Advance (each, a Closing)
shall take place as soon as practicable on or after each Advance Date in accordance with the procedures set forth below. The parties
acknowledge that the Purchase Price is not known at the time the Advance Notice is delivered (at which time the Investor is irrevocably
bound) but shall be determined on each Closing based on the daily prices of the Common Shares that are the inputs to the determination
of the Purchase Price as set forth further below. In connection with each Closing, the Company and the Investor shall fulfill each of
its obligations as set forth below:

(a) On
each Advance Date, the Investor shall deliver to the Company a written document, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B
(each a Settlement Document), setting forth the final number of Common Shares to be purchased by the Investor
(taking into account any adjustments pursuant to Section 2.04), the Market Price, the Purchase Price, the aggregate proceeds
to be paid by the Investor to the Company, and a report by Bloomberg, L.P. indicating the VWAP for each of the Trading Days during
the Pricing Period (or, if not reported on Bloomberg, L.P., another reporting service reasonably agreed to by the parties), in each
case in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(b) Promptly
after receipt of the Settlement Document with respect to each Advance (and, in any event, not later than one (1) Trading Days after
such receipt), the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, issue in the Investors name in a DRS account or accounts
at the transfer agent all Common Shares purchased by Investor pursuant to such Advance. Such Common Shares shall constitute restricted
securities as such term is defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act and the certificate or book-entry statement
representing such Shares shall bear the restrictive legend under the Securities Act set forth in Section 9.1(iii). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Investor has resold the Common Shares in a manner described under the caption Plan of Distribution
in the Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance with this Agreement prior to the delivery by the Investor to the Company
of the Settlement Document, the Investor shall concurrently with the delivery by the Investor to the Company of such Settlement Document
(i) send a confirmation to the transfer agent setting forth the number of such Common Shares that have been so resold and the date
of such resales (such confirmation, the Transfer Agent Confirmation) and (ii) deliver to the transfer agent
the items set forth in clause (b) of the definition of DWAC Shares with respect to such resold Common Shares and such other items
as the transfer agent may reasonably request (collectively, the Transfer Agent Deliverables). With respect to
Common Shares or Commitment Fee Shares resold by the Investor as described in the preceding sentence and as to which the Investor
has timely delivered the Transfer Agent Deliverables with respect to such resold Common Shares or Commitment Fee Shares, such securities
shall be delivered and credited by the transfer agent using the Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program maintained by DTC
(or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function) to the account with DTC of the Investors
designated Broker-Dealer as specified in the Transfer Agent Deliverables with respect to such resold securities at the time such
securities would otherwise have been required to be delivered to the Investor in accordance with this Agreement, which securities
(x) shall only be used by the Investors Broker-Dealer to deliver such securities to DTC for the purpose of settling the Investors
share delivery obligations with respect to the sale of such Common Shares or Commitment Fee Shares (as applicable), which may include
delivery to other accounts of such Broker-Dealer and inclusion in the number of Common Shares or Commitment Fee Shares delivered
by that Broker-Dealer in net settling that Broker-Dealers trading of shares of the Companys Common Shares,
including its positions with the Broker-Dealers of the respective persons who purchase such securities from the Investor, and (y)
shall remain restricted securities as such term is defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act until so delivered.
The Company and the Investor acknowledge that, if and when the Investor has (i) resold Commitment Fee Shares or Common Shares in
a manner described under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance
with this Agreement and (ii) timely delivered the Transfer Agent Deliverables with respect to such resold Commitment Fee Shares or
Common Shares (as applicable), the transfer agent shall cause such resold Commitment Fee Shares or Common Shares (as applicable)
to be subsequently credited using the Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program maintained by DTC (or any similar program
hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function) to the account with DTC of the Investors designated Broker-Dealer
as specified in the Transfer Agent Deliverables with respect to such resold Commitment Fee Shares or Common Shares (as applicable),
which Commitment Fee Shares or Common Shares (as applicable) (x) shall only be used by the Investors Broker-Dealer to deliver
such resold Commitment Fee Shares or Common Shares (as applicable) to DTC for the purpose of settling the Investors share
delivery obligations with respect to the sale of such Common Shares or Commitment Fee Shares (as applicable), which may include delivery
to other accounts of such Broker-Dealer and inclusion in the number of securities delivered by that Broker-Dealer in net settling
that Broker-Dealers trading of shares of the Companys Common Shares, including its positions with the Broker-Dealers
of the respective persons who purchase such Commitment Shares or Shares (as applicable) from the Investor, and (y) shall remain restricted
securities as such term is defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act until so delivered. The Company and the Investor
acknowledge that such resold Commitment Fee Shares or Common Shares (as applicable) credited to the account with DTC of the Investors
designated Broker-Dealer shall be eligible for transfer to the third-party purchasers of such Commitment Fee Shares or Common Shares
or their respective Broker-Dealers as DWAC Shares. The Company and the Investor acknowledge that such resold Commitment Fee Shares
or Common Shares (as applicable) credited to the account with DTC of the Investors designated Broker-Dealer shall be eligible
for transfer to the third-party purchasers of such Commitment Fee Shares or Common Shares or their respective Broker-Dealers as DWAC
Shares. The Company shall promptly notify Investor if it has reasonable grounds to dispute the calculations set forth in the Settlement
Document, and the Company agrees that such calculations shall be deemed agreed upon and final upon transfer of the Common Shares.
Promptly upon receipt of such notification (in any event, not later than three (3) Trading Days after such receipt), the Investor
shall pay to the Company the aggregate purchase price of the Common Shares (as set forth in the Settlement Document) in cash in immediately
available funds to an account designated by the Company in writing and transmit notification to the Company that such funds transfer
has been requested. No fractional shares shall be issued, and any fractional amounts shall be rounded to the next higher whole number
of shares.

(c) On
or prior to the Advance Date, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to the other all documents, instruments and writings
expressly required to be delivered by either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect the transactions
contemplated herein.

(d) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if on any day during the Pricing Period (i) the Company notifies Investor that a Material
Outside Event set forth in Section 6.08(i) through (v) has occurred or if the Material Outside Event set forth in Sections 6.08(vi)
or (vii) shall have occurred, or (ii) the Company notifies the Investor of a Black Out Period, the parties agree that the pending
Advance shall end (the Advance Halt) and the final number of Common Shares to be purchased by the Investor at
the Closing for such Advance shall be equal to the number of Common Shares sold by the Investor during the applicable Pricing Period
prior to the notification from the Company of a Material Outside Event or Black Out Period.

Section
2.06 Failure to Timely Deliver.

(a) If
on or prior to the Required Delivery Date either (I) if the transfer agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities
Transfer Program, the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to Investor and register such Common Shares on the Companys
share register or, if the transfer agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, credit the balance
account of Investor or Investors designee with DTC for the number of Common Shares to which Investor submitted for legend
removal by Investor pursuant to clause (ii) below or otherwise or (II) if the Companys transfer agent is participating in
the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, the transfer agent fails to credit the balance account of Investor or Investors
designee with DTC for any Common Shares submitted for legend removal by Investor, in each case, if and only if the Investor has delivered
the Transfer Agent Deliverables in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.05(b) above, and the Company fails to promptly,
but in no event later than one (1) Business Day (x) so notify Investor and (y) deliver the Common Shares electronically without any
restrictive legend in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.05(b) above, and if on or after such Trading Day Investor purchases
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by Investor of Common Shares submitted
for legend removal by Investor that Investor is entitled to receive from the Company (a Buy-In), then the Company
shall, within one (1) Business Day after Investors request and in Investors discretion, either (i) pay cash to Investor
in an amount equal to Investors total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, borrow fees and other out-of-pocket
expenses, if any, for the Common Shares so purchased) (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys
obligation to so deliver such certificate or credit Investors balance account shall terminate and such shares shall be cancelled,
or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so deliver to Investor a certificate or certificates or credit the balance account of Investor
or Investors designee with DTC representing such number of Common Shares that would have been so delivered if the Company
timely complied with its obligations hereunder and pay cash to Investor in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price
over the product of (A) such number of Common Shares that the Company was required to deliver to Investor by the Required Delivery
Date multiplied by (B) the price at which Investor sold such Common Shares in anticipation of the Companys timely compliance
with its delivery obligations hereunder. Nothing shall limit Investors right to pursue any other remedies available to it
hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing Common Shares (or to electronically deliver such Common
Shares) as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(b) In
the event the Investor sells Common Shares after receipt of an Advance Notice and the Company fails to perform its obligations as
mandated in Section 2.05, the Company agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Article
V hereto and in addition to any other remedy to which the Investor is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation,
specific performance, it will hold the Investor harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including, without limitation,
all brokerage commissions, borrow fees, legal fees and expenses and all other related out-of-pocket expenses), as incurred, arising
out of or in connection with such default by the Company and acknowledges that irreparable damage may occur in the event of any such
default. It is accordingly agreed that the Investor shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches of
this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to the Securities Act and other rules of the Principal Market or Trading Market),
without the posting of a bond or other security, the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

(c) In
the event the Company provides an Advance Notice and the Investor fails to perform its obligations as mandated in Section 2.05, the
Investor agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Article V hereto and in addition
to any other remedy to which the Company is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation, specific performance, it
will hold the Company harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses
and all other related out-of-pocket expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Investor and
acknowledges that irreparable damage may occur in the event of any such default. It is accordingly agreed that the Company shall
be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches of this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to the
Securities Act and other rules of the Principal Market or Trading Market), without the posting of a bond or other security, the terms
and provisions of this Agreement.

Section
2.07 Completion of Resale Pursuant to the Registration Statement. After the Investor has purchased the full Commitment Amount and
has completed the subsequent resale of all of the Registrable Securities (which shall include all of the Commitment Fee Shares), Investor
will notify the Company that all subsequent resales are completed and the Company will be under no further obligation to maintain the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

Article
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

Investor
hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Company that the following are true and correct as of the date hereof and as
of each Advance Notice Date and each Advance Date:

Section
3.01 Organization and Authorization. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
Cayman Islands and has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, including all transactions contemplated
hereby. The decision to invest and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Investor, the performance by the Investor of its
obligations hereunder and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized and require
no other proceedings on the part of the Investor. The undersigned has the right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and all other instruments on behalf of the Investor or its shareholders. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Investor
and, assuming the execution and delivery hereof and acceptance thereof by the Company, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations
of the Investor, enforceable against the Investor in accordance with its terms.

Section
3.02 Evaluation of Risks. The Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters as to be capable
of evaluating the merits and risks of, and bearing the economic risks entailed by, an investment in the Common Shares of the Company
and of protecting its interests in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that its
investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk, and that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

Section
3.03 No Legal, Investment or Tax Advice from the Company. The Investor acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying
solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of the Companys representatives
or agents for legal, tax, investment or other advice with respect to the Investors acquisition of Common Shares hereunder, the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the laws of any jurisdiction, and the Investor acknowledges that the Investor may lose
all or a part of its investment.

Section
3.04 Investment Purpose. The Investor is acquiring the Common Shares for its own account, for investment purposes and not with a
view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under or
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Investor
does not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves
the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with, or pursuant to, a registration statement filed pursuant to this
Agreement or an applicable exemption under the Securities Act. The Investor does not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly
or indirectly, with any Person to sell or distribute any of the Common Shares. The Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as
an underwriter and a selling stockholder in each Registration Statement and in any prospectus contained therein.

Section
305. Accredited Investor. The Investor is an Accredited Investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation
D.

Section
3.06 Information. The Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the
business, finances and operations of the Company and information the Investor deemed material to making an informed investment decision.
The Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company and its management
and have received answers to such questions. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by such Investor
or its advisors (and its counsel), if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Investors right to rely on
the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Company
has not made to the Investor, and the Investor acknowledges and agrees it has not relied upon, any representations and warranties of
the Company, its employees or any third party other than the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement.
The Investor understands that its investment involves a high degree of risk. The Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice,
as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section
3.07 Not an Affiliate. The Investor is not an officer, director or a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company or any affiliate of the Company (as that term
is defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act).

Section
3.08 Trading Activities. The Investors trading activities with respect to the Common Shares shall be in compliance with all
applicable federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal Market or Trading
Market. Neither the Investor nor its affiliates has any open short position in the Common Shares, nor has the Investor entered into any
hedging transaction that establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Shares, and the Investor agrees that it shall not,
and that it will cause its affiliates not to, engage in any short sales or hedging transactions with respect to the Common Shares; provided
that the Company acknowledges and agrees that upon receipt of an Advance Notice the Investor has the right to sell (a) the Common Shares
to be issued to the Investor pursuant to the Advance Notice prior to receiving such Common Shares, or (b) other Common Shares issued
or sold by the Company to Investor pursuant to this Agreement and which the Company has continuously held as a long position.

Section
3.09 General Solicitation. Neither the Investor, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged
or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with any
offer or sale of the Common Shares by the Investor.

Article
IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, as of the date hereof and each Advance Notice
Date (other than representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as written
as of such certain date), that:

Section
4.01 Organization and Qualification. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) is an entity duly organized and
validly existing under the laws of its state of organization or incorporation, and has the requisite power and authority to own its properties
and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business and is
in good standing (to the extent applicable) in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification
necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Companys Subsidiaries means (i) Aspire Biopharma, Inc. a Delaware corporation, (ii) PowerUp Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and (iii) any Person (as defined below) in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns a majority of the outstanding
capital stock or equity or similar interests of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or
administration of such Person.

Section
4.02 Authorization, Enforcement, Compliance with Other Instruments. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to
enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to issue the Shares in accordance
with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the
Common Shares) have been or (with respect to consummation) will be duly authorized by the Companys board of directors and no further
consent or authorization will be required by the Company, its board of directors or its shareholders (except as otherwise contemplated
by this Agreement). This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been (or, when executed and delivered,
will be) duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the execution and delivery thereof and acceptance by the Investor,
constitute (or, when duly executed and delivered, will be) the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or other laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement
of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by applicable
foreign, federal or U.S. state securities law. Transaction Documents means, collectively, this Agreement and each
of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

Section
4.03 No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Common Shares) will not
(i) result in a violation of the articles of incorporation or other organizational documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries (with
respect to consummation, as the same may be amended prior to the date on which any of the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated),
(ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or
give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which
the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of
the Company or its Subsidiaries is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent such violations
or conflicts would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.04 SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the
Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (all of the foregoing filed within the past two years preceding the
date hereof or amended after the date hereof, or filed after the date hereof, and all exhibits included therein and financial statements
and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, and all registration statements filed by the Company under the
Securities Act, being hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents). The Company has made available to the Investor
through the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov, true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents,
when viewed as a whole as of the date hereof, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. As of their respective dates (or, with respect to any filing that has been amended or superseded, the date of such amendment
or superseding filing), the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities
Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents. As of their respective
dates (or, with respect to any financial statements that have been amended or superseded, the date of such amended or superseding financial
statements), the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except
(i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements,
to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial
position of the Company as of the respective dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).

Section
4.05 Equity Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital of the Company consists of (A) 300,000,000 Class A ordinary
shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of which, 7,765,144 are issued and outstanding and 3,750,000 shares are reserved for issuance at
closing of the BC Agreement, (B) 50,000,000 Class B Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of which, none are issued and outstanding
and (C) 5,000,000 preference shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of which none are issued and outstanding.

Section
4.06 Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all trademarks,
trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals,
governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights, if any, necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted, except
as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not received written notice of any infringement by
the Company or its Subsidiaries of trademark, trade name rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names,
service marks, service mark registrations, or trade secrets. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no claim, action or proceeding
being made or brought against, or to the Companys knowledge, being threatened against the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding
any material trademark, trade name, patents, patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service names, service marks, service mark
registrations, trade secret or other infringement; and the Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to
any of the foregoing.

Section
4.07 Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is involved in any labor dispute nor, to the knowledge of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is any such dispute threatened, in each case which is reasonably likely to cause a Material Adverse
Effect.

Section
4.08 Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) have not received written notice alleging any failure to comply in
all material respects with all Environmental Laws (as defined below), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required
of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) have not received written notice alleging
any failure to comply with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where, in each of the foregoing clauses (i),
(ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
The term Environmental Laws means all applicable foreign, federal, U.S. state and local laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface
or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals,
pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the
environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling
of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices
or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

Section
4.09 Title. Except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect, the Company (or its Subsidiaries) have indefeasible fee simple or
leasehold title to its properties and assets owned by it, free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim or
equitable interest. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid,
subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be
made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Section
4.10 Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the
Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.11 Regulatory Permits. Except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries possess all certificates,
authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to own their respective
businesses, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation
or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permits.

Section
4.12 Internal Accounting Controls. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and
to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences, and management is not aware of any material weaknesses that are not disclosed in the
SEC Documents as and when required.

Section
4.13 Absence of Litigation. Except with respect to receipt of deficiency notices relating to Nasdaq delisting, which have been disclosed
in the SEC Documents, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending against or affecting the Company, the Common Shares or any of the Companys
Subsidiaries, wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.14 Subsidiaries. As of the date hereof, the Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest in any other
corporation, partnership, association or other business entity, except for the Subsidiaries.

Section
4.15 Tax Status. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) has timely made
or filed all foreign, federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which
it is subject, (ii) has timely paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined
to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its books
provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations
apply. The Company has not received written notification any unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority
of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries know of no basis for any such claim where failure to pay would
cause a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.16 Certain Transactions. Except as (i) set forth in the SEC Documents or (ii) not required to be disclosed pursuant to Applicable
Law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, not yet required to be disclosed at the relevant time), none of the officers or directors
of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors),
including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real
or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer or director, or to the knowledge of the Company,
any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer or director has a substantial interest or is an officer, director,
trustee or partner.

Section
4.17 Rights of First Refusal. The Company is not obligated to offer the Common Shares offered hereunder on a right of first refusal
basis or otherwise to any third parties including, but not limited to, current or former shareholders of the Company, underwriters, brokers,
agents or other third parties.

Section
4.18 Dilution. The Company is aware and acknowledges that the issuance of Common Shares hereunder could cause dilution to existing
shareholders and could significantly increase the outstanding number of Common Shares.

Section
4.19 Acknowledgment Regarding Investors Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting
solely in the capacity of an arms length investor with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder.
The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder and any advice given by the Investor or any of its
representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder is merely incidental to the Investors
purchase of the Shares hereunder. The Company is aware and acknowledges that it shall not be able to request Advances under this Agreement
if the Registration Statement is not effective or if any issuances of Common Shares pursuant to any Advances would violate any rules
of the Principal Market or Trading Market.

Section
4.20 Sanctions Matters. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary of the Company, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled
by a Person that is on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC from time to time;

(a) the
subject of any Sanctions; or

(b) has
a place of business in, or is operating, organized, resident or doing business in a country or territory that is, or whose government
is, the subject of Sanctions Programs (including without limitation Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria).

Section
4.21 DTC Eligibility. The Company, through the transfer agent, currently participates in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer
(FAST) Program and the Common Shares can be transferred electronically to third parties via the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer
(FAST) Program.

Article
V

INDEMNIFICATION

The
Investor and the Company represent to the other the following with respect to itself:

Section
5.01 Indemnification by the Company. In consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in addition
to all of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless
the Investor, its investment manager, and each of their respective officers, directors, managers, members, partners, employees and agents
(including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who
controls the Investor within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Investor
Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities
and damages, and reasonable and documented expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Investor Indemnitee is
a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements
(the Indemnified Liabilities), incurred by the Investor Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out
of, or relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for
the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof
or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Company will
not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any material misrepresentation or breach
of any material representation or material warranty made by the Company in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document
contemplated hereby or thereby; or (c) any material breach of any material covenant, material agreement or material obligation of the
Company contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. To the extent that
the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable under Applicable Law, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to
the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Law.

Section
5.02 Indemnification by the Investor. In consideration of the Companys execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in addition
to all of the Investors other obligations under this Agreement, the Investor shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless
the Company and all of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those retained in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls the Investor within the meaning of Section
15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Company Indemnitees) from and against
any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Company Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating
to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration
of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Investor will only be liable for written information
relating to the Investor furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion in the documents referred
to in the foregoing indemnity, and will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises
out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance
upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Investor by or on behalf of the Company specifically for inclusion therein;
(b) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Investor in this Agreement or any instrument or document
contemplated hereby or thereby executed by the Investor; or (c) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Investor(s)
contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed by the Investor.
To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Investor may be unenforceable under Applicable Law, the Investor shall make the maximum
contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Law.

Section
5.03 Notice of Claim. Promptly after receipt by an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any
action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving an Indemnified Liability, such Investor Indemnitee or
Company Indemnitee, as applicable, shall, if a claim for an Indemnified Liability in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying
party under this Article V, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify
the indemnifying party will not relieve it of liability under this Article V except to the extent the indemnifying party is prejudiced
by such failure. The indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires,
jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as the case may be; provided, however, that
an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the actual and reasonable third party
fees and expenses of not more than one counsel for such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee to be paid by the indemnifying party,
if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Investor Indemnitee
or Company Indemnitee and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Investor
Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Investor Indemnitee or Company
Indemnitee shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim
by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Investor Indemnitee
or Company Indemnitee which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee
reasonably apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall
be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that the
indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written
consent of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise
which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Investor Indemnitee or Company
Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder,
the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee with respect to all third parties,
firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The indemnification required by this Article V
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
and payment therefor is due, subject to receipt by the indemnifying party of an undertaking to repay any amounts that such party is ultimately
not entitled to receive as indemnification pursuant to this Agreement.

Section
5.04 Remedies. The remedies provided for in this Article V are not exclusive and shall not limit any right or remedy which may be
available to any indemnified person at law or equity. The obligations of the parties to indemnify or make contribution under this Article
V shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement.

Section
5.05 Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no party shall be entitled to recover from the other party for punitive,
indirect, incidental or consequential damages.

Article
VI

COVENANTS

Section
6.01 Registration Statement.

(a) Filing
of a Registration Statement. No later than ten (10) Business Days following the closing of the Business Combination, the Company
shall have prepared and filed with the SEC a Registration Statement for the resale by the Investor of Registrable Securities and
shall file one or more additional Registration Statements for the resale by Investor of Registrable Securities if necessary. The
Company acknowledges and agrees that it shall not have the ability to request any Advances until the effectiveness of a Registration
Statement registering the applicable Registrable Securities for resale by the Investor. The Company and the Investor shall mutually
agree on a good faith estimate of the aggregate number of Commitment Fee Shares which may be issuable pursuant to Section 13.04 for
purposes of registration; provided, however, that in the event such estimated number of shares have been (i) underestimated, the
Company shall use reasonable best efforts to register additional Commitment Fee Shares promptly after such underestimation is made
known to the Company and (ii) overestimated, the Company shall treat (and disclose in the registration statement the same) such excess
shares as Common Shares issuable and saleable to the Investor pursuant to Advances hereunder.

(b) Maintaining
a Registration Statement. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of any Registration
Statement that has been declared effective at all times during the Commitment Period, provided, however, that if the Company has
received notification pursuant to Section 2.07 that the Investor has completed resales pursuant to the Registration Statement for
all of the Registrable Securities registered thereon, then the Company shall be under no further obligation to maintain the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement (provided, however, that if there are Commitment Fee Shares which have not yet been issued, the Company
shall continue to have the obligation to register such shares and maintain such Registration Statement until Investor has sold all
of its Commitment Fee Shares). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to ensure that, when filed, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements
thereto) and the prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection with such
Registration Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which
they were made) not misleading. During the Commitment Period, the Company shall notify the Investor promptly if (i) the Registration
Statement shall cease to be effective under the Securities Act, (ii) the Common Shares shall cease to be authorized for listing on
the Principal Market or Trading Market, (iii) the Common Shares cease to be registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act or (iv) the Company fails to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company
under the Exchange Act.

(c) Filing
Procedures. Not less than one business day prior to the filing of a Registration Statement and not less than one business day
prior to the filing of any related amendments and supplements to any Registration Statements (except for any amendments or supplements
caused by the filing of any annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any similar
or successor reports), the Company shall furnish to the Investor copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents
(other than those filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act) will be subject to the reasonable and prompt review
of the Investor (in each of which cases, if such document contains material non-public information as consented to by the Investor
pursuant to Section 6.13, the information provided to Investor will be kept strictly confidential until filed and treated as subject
to Section 6.08). The Investor shall furnish comments on a Registration Statement and any related amendment and supplement to a Registration
Statement to the Company within 24 hours of the receipt thereof. If the Investor fails to provide comments to the Company within
such 24-hour period, then the Registration Statement, related amendment or related supplement, as applicable, shall be deemed accepted
by the Investor in the form originally delivered by the Company to the Investor.

(d) Delivery
of Final Documents. The Company shall furnish to the Investor without charge, (i) at least one copy of each Registration Statement
as declared effective by the SEC and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated
therein by reference, all exhibits and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) at the request of the Investor, at least one copy of the
final prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies
as the Investor may reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time in
order to facilitate the disposition of the Common Shares owned by the Investor pursuant to a Registration Statement. Filing of the
forgoing with the SEC via its EDGAR system shall satisfy the requirements of this section.

(e) Amendments
and Other Filings. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments
(including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement and the related prospectus used in connection with
such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be
necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Commitment Period, and prepare and file with the
SEC such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities;
(ii) cause the related prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this
Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act; (iii) provide
the Investor copies of all correspondence from and to the SEC relating to a Registration Statement (provided that the Company may
excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information), and (iv) comply with the provisions
of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Common Shares of the Company covered by such Registration Statement
until such time as all of such Common Shares shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by
the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration
Statement which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 6.01(e)) by reason of the
Companys filing a report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to file such report in a prospectus supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the
Securities Act to incorporate such filing into the Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments or supplements
with the SEC either on the day on which the Exchange Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend or
supplement the Registration Statement, if feasible, or otherwise promptly thereafter.

(f) Blue-Sky.
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, if required by Applicable Law, (i) register and qualify the Common
Shares covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the
United States as the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective
amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during
the Commitment Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect
at all times during the Commitment Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Common
Shares for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a
condition thereto to (w) make any change to its articles of incorporation or bylaws, (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction
where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 6.01(f), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such
jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the
Investor of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of
any of the Common Shares for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or
its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

Section
6.02 Suspension of Registration Statement.

(a) Establishment
of a Black Out Period. During the Commitment Period, the Company from time to time may suspend the use of the Registration Statement
by written notice to the Investor in the event that the Company determines in its sole discretion in good faith that such suspension
is necessary to (A) delay the disclosure of material nonpublic information concerning the Company, the disclosure of which at the
time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests of the Company or (B) amend or supplement the Registration
Statement or prospectus so that such Registration Statement or prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading (a Black Out Period).

(b) No
Sales by Investor During the Black Out Period. During such Black Out Period, the Investor agrees not to sell any Common Shares
of the Company.

(c) Limitations
on the Black Out Period. The Company shall not impose any Black Out Period that is longer than 60 days or in a manner that is
more restrictive (including, without limitation, as to duration) than the comparable restrictions that the Company may impose on
transfers of the Companys equity securities by its directors and senior executive officers. In addition, the Company shall
not deliver any Advance Notice during any Black Out Period. If the public announcement of such material, nonpublic information is
made during a Black Out Period, the Black Out Period shall terminate immediately after such announcement, and the Company shall immediately
notify the Investor of the termination of the Black Out Period.

Section
6.03 Listing of Common Shares. As of each Advance Date, the Shares to be sold by the Company from time to time hereunder will have
been registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and approved for listing on the Principal Market or Trading Market, subject to
official notice of issuance.

Section
6.04 Opinion of Counsel. Prior to the date of the delivery by the Company of the first Advance Notice, the Investor shall have received
an opinion and negative assurances letter from counsel to the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Investor.

Section
6.05 Exchange Act Registration. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file in a timely manner all reports and other
documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act and will not take any action or file any document (whether or
not permitted by Exchange Act or the rules thereunder) to terminate or suspend its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange
Act.

Section
6.06 Transfer Agent Instructions. For any time while there is a Registration Statement in effect for this transaction, the Company
shall (if required by the transfer agent for the Common Shares) cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver to the transfer agent
for the Common Shares (with a copy to the Investor) instructions to issue Common Shares to the Investor free of restrictive legends upon
each Advance if the delivery of such instructions are consistent with Applicable Law and the Investor has provided the Transfer Agent
Deliverables with respect to such Common Shares required by this Agreement.

Section
6.07 Corporate Existence. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve and continue the corporate existence of
the Company during the Commitment Period.

Section
6.08 Notice of Certain Events Affecting Registration; Suspension of Right to Make an Advance. The Company will promptly notify the
Investor, and confirm in writing, upon its becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of a Registration
Statement or related prospectus relating to an offering of Common Shares (in each of which cases the information provided to Investor
will be kept strictly confidential): (i) except for requests made in connection with SEC or other Federal or state governmental authority
investigations disclosed in the SEC Documents, receipt of any request for additional information by the SEC or any other Federal or state
governmental authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any request for amendments or supplements
to the Registration Statement or related prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the SEC or any other Federal governmental authority of any
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt
of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Common Shares for
sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or written threat of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the happening of any event that
makes any statement made in the Registration Statement or related prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related
prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and that
in the case of the related prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading, or of the necessity to amend the Registration Statement or supplement a related prospectus to comply with the Securities
Act or any other law; and (v) the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement
would be appropriate; and the Company will promptly make available to the Investor any such supplement or amendment to the related prospectus.
The Company shall not deliver to the Investor any Advance Notice, and the Company shall not sell any Shares pursuant any pending Advance
Notice (other than as required pursuant to Section 2.05(d)), during the continuation of any of the foregoing events in clauses (i) through
(v) above, or in the event that (vi) there shall be no bid for the Common Shares on the Principal Market or Trading Market for a period
of 15 consecutive minutes at any time during the applicable Pricing Period or (vii) there shall be a trading halt or circuit
breaker event with respect to the Common Shares on the Principal Market or Trading Market during the applicable Pricing Period
(each of the events described in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (vii), inclusive, a Material Outside Event).

Section
6.09 Consolidation. If an Advance Notice has been delivered to the Investor, then the Company shall not effect any consolidation
of the Company with or into, or a transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company to another entity before the transaction
contemplated in such Advance Notice has been closed in accordance with Section 2.05 hereof, and all Shares in connection with such Advance
have been received by the Investor.

Section
6.10 Issuance of the Companys Common Shares. The issuance and sale of the Common Shares hereunder shall be made in accordance
with the provisions and requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Regulation D under the Securities Act and any applicable
state securities law.

Section
6.11 Market Activities. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes
or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company under Regulation
M of the Exchange Act.

Section
6.12 Expenses. The Company, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated,
will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including but not limited to (i) the preparation, printing
and filing of the Registration Statement and each amendment and supplement thereto, of each prospectus and of each amendment and supplement
thereto; (ii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of any Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) all reasonable fees and disbursements
of the Companys counsel, accountants and other advisors, (iv) the qualification of the Shares under securities laws in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement, including filing fees in connection therewith, (v) the printing and delivery of copies of any
prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, (vi) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing or qualification
of the Shares for trading on the Principal Market or Trading Market, or (vii) filing fees of the SEC and the Principal Market or Trading
Market.

Section
6.13 Current Report. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective
officers, directors, employees and agents not to, provide the Investor with any material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries without the express prior written consent of the Investor (which may be granted or withheld in the Investors
sole discretion and must include an agreement to keep such information confidential until publicly disclosed or 45 days have passed);
it being understood that the mere notification of Investor required pursuant to Section 6.08(iv) hereof shall not in and of itself be
deemed to be material non-public information. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly
agrees that it shall use its commercial reasonable efforts to publicly disclose, no later than 45 days following the date hereof, but
in any event prior to delivering the first Advance Notice hereunder, any information communicated to the Investor by or, to the knowledge
of the Company, on behalf of the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, which, following the date hereof would,
if not so disclosed, constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries.

Section
6.14 Advance Notice Limitation. The Company shall not deliver an Advance Notice if a shareholder meeting or corporate action date,
or the record date for any shareholder meeting or any corporate action, would fall during the period beginning two Trading Days prior
to the date of delivery of such Advance Notice and ending two Trading Days following the Closing of such Advance.

Section
6.15 Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Common Shares hereunder for working capital and other
general corporate purposes or, if different, in a manner consistent with the application thereof described in the Registration Statement.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the transactions contemplated herein, or lend,
contribute, facilitate or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person (i) to fund, either directly or indirectly, any activities
or business of or with any Person that is identified on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocker Persons maintained by
OFAC, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or Sanctions
Programs, or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions.

Section
6.16 Compliance with Laws. The Company shall comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws.

Section
6.17 Aggregation. From and after the date of this Agreement, neither the Company, nor or any of its affiliates will, and the Company
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Person acting on their behalf will, directly or indirectly, make any
offers or sales of any security or solicit any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the
Securities by the Company to the Investor to be aggregated with other offerings by the Company in a manner that would require shareholder
approval pursuant to the rules of the Principal Market or Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or
designated, unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction in accordance with the rules of
such Principal Market or Trading Market.

Section
6.18 Other Transactions. The Company shall not enter into, announce or recommend to its shareholders any agreement, plan, arrangement
or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability or right of the
Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to deliver
the Shares to the Investor in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents.

Section
6.19 Integration. From and after the date of this Agreement, neither the Company, nor or any of its affiliates will, and the Company
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Person acting on their behalf will, directly or indirectly, make any
offers or sales of any security or solicit any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require registration of the
offer and sale of any of the Securities under the Securities Act, without the prior written consent of the Investor.

Section
6.20 Limitation on Variable Rate Transactions. From the date hereof until the earlier of (i) the date that the Investor has purchased
$50 million in Common Shares hereunder, (ii) 12 months after effectiveness of initial Registration Statement or (iii) three (3) months
after any Termination hereunder (the Limitation Date), the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering
into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company of Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof)
involving a Variable Rate Transaction, other than in connection with an Exempt Issuance or with the prior written consent of the Investor.
The Investor shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in
addition to any right to collect damages, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being
required.

Common
Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company which entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Shares,
including, without limitation, Common Shares, any debt, preferred shares, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any
time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

Variable
Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any future equity or debt securities that are
convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents
either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price, exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices
of or quotations for the Common Shares at any time after the initial issuance of such equity or debt securities (including, without limitation,
pursuant to any cashless exercise provision), or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being
reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such equity or debt security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent
events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Shares (including, without limitation,
any full ratchet or weighted average anti-dilution provisions, but not including any standard anti-dilution
protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, share split, reverse share split or other similar transaction),
(ii) issues or sells any equity or debt securities, including without limitation, Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents, either (A)
at a price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the
occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common
Shares (other than standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, share split, reverse
share split or other similar transaction), or (B) that is subject to or contains any put, call, redemption, buy-back, price-reset or
other similar provision or mechanism (including, without limitation, a Black-Scholes put or call right) that provides for
the issuance of additional equity securities of the Company or the payment of cash by the Company, or (iii) enters into any agreement,
including, but not limited to, an at-the-market offering or equity line (that is not an Exempt Issuance) or other continuous
offering or similar offering of Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents, whereby the Company may sell Common Shares or Common Share
Equivalents at a future determined price.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) Common Shares, options, restricted stock units or other equity incentive awards to employees,
officers, consultants, directors or vendors of the Company pursuant to any equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose, by the
Board of Directors of the Company or a majority of the members of a committee of directors established for such purpose, (b) any Shares
issued to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement, (c) Common Shares, Common Share Equivalents or other securities issued to the Investor
pursuant to any other existing or future contract, agreement or arrangement between the Company and the Investor, (d) Common Shares,
Common Share Equivalents or other securities upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of any Common Shares, Common Share Equivalents
or other securities held by the Investor at any time, (e) any securities issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any
Common Share Equivalents issued and outstanding on the date hereof, provided that such securities or Common Share Equivalents referred
to in this clause (e) have not been amended since the date hereof to increase the number of such securities or Common Shares underlying
such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities, (f) Common Share Equivalents
that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive Common Shares at a conversion price, exercise
price, exchange rate or other price (which may be below the then current market price of the Common Shares) that is fixed at the time
of initial issuance of such Common Share Equivalents (subject only to standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization,
non-cash dividend, share split, reverse share split or other similar transaction), which fixed conversion price, exercise price, exchange
rate or other price shall not at any time after the initial issuance of such Common Share Equivalent be based upon or varying with the
trading prices of or quotations for the Common Shares or subject to being reset at some future date and (g) securities issued pursuant
to acquisitions, divestitures, licenses, partnerships, collaborations or strategic transactions approved by the Board of Directors of
the Company or a majority of the members of a committee of directors established for such purpose, which acquisitions, divestitures,
licenses, partnerships, collaborations or strategic transactions can have a Variable Rate Transaction component, provided that any such
issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating
company or an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in
addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the
purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities. In the event that the Company enters into
a Variable Rate Transaction in breach of this section, the Company shall promptly pay to Investor $250,000 in cash.

Section
6.21 DTC. The Company shall take all action reasonably required to ensure that its Common Shares can be transferred electronically
as DWAC Shares if the Transfer Agent Deliverables with respect to such Common Shares have been provided by the Investor.

Section
6.22 Non-Public Information. Each party hereto agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information of the other party to any third
party and shall not use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than in connection with, or in furtherance of, the transactions
contemplated hereby in full compliance with applicable securities laws; provided, however that a party may disclose Confidential Information
that is required by law to be disclosed by the receiving party, provided that the receiving party gives the disclosing party prompt written
notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure and assistance in obtaining an order protecting the information from public disclosure.
Each party hereto acknowledges that the Confidential Information shall remain the property of the disclosing party and agrees that it
shall take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of any Confidential Information disclosed by the other party. The Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf shall provide the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that
constitutes material, non-public information, unless a simultaneous public announcement thereof is made by the Company in the manner
contemplated by Regulation FD under the Exchange Act. In the event of a breach of the foregoing covenant by the Company or any Person
acting on its behalf (as determined in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Investor), in addition to any other remedy provided
herein or in the other Transaction Documents, the Investor shall have the right to make a public disclosure, in the form of a press release,
public advertisement or otherwise, of such material, non-public information without the prior approval by the Company; provided the Investor
shall have first provided notice to the Company that it believes it has received information that constitutes material, non-public information,
the Company shall have at least twenty-four (24) hours to publicly disclose such material, non-public information prior to any such disclosure
by the Investor, and the Company shall have failed to publicly disclose such material, non-public information within such time period.
The Investor shall not have any liability to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees,
shareholders or agents, for any such disclosure. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor shall be relying on the foregoing
covenants in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

Section
6.23 Prohibition of Short Sales and Hedging Transactions. The Investor agrees that beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending
on the date of termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 11, the Investor and its agents, representatives and affiliates shall
not in any manner whatsoever enter into or effect, directly or indirectly, any (i) short sale (as such term is defined
in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Common Shares (excluding transactions properly marked short exempt)
or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Shares.

Section
6.24 Use of Name. The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, use the names Arena Business Solutions Global, Arena
Business Results, Arena Management Company, LLC, Arena Finance Company, LLC, or Arena,
or any derivations thereof, or logos associated with these names, as the case may be, in any manner or take any action that may imply
any relationship with the Investor or any of its Affiliates without the prior written consent of the Investor, provided, however, the
Investor hereby consents to all lawful uses of these names in the prospectus, statement and other materials that are required by applicable
laws or pursuant to the disclosure requirements of the SEC or any state securities authority.

Article
VII

CONDITIONS FOR DELIVERY OF ADVANCE NOTICE

Section
7.01 Conditions Precedent to the Right of the Company to Deliver an Advance Notice. The right of the Company to deliver an Advance
Notice and the obligations of the Investor hereunder with respect to an Advance is subject to:

(a) the
satisfaction by the Company, on each Advance Notice Date (a Condition Satisfaction Date), of each of the following
conditions:

(b) Accuracy
of the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement shall
be true and correct in all material respects.

(c) Registration
of the Common Shares with the SEC. There is an effective Registration Statement pursuant to which the Investor is permitted to
utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the Registrable Securities. The Company shall have filed with the SEC all reports,
notices and other documents required under the Exchange Act and applicable SEC regulations during the twelve-month period immediately
preceding the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(d) Authority.
The Company shall have obtained all permits and qualifications required by any applicable state for the offer and sale of all the
Common Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice, or shall have the availability of exemptions therefrom. The sale and issuance
of such Common Shares shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which the Company is subject.

(e) No
Material Outside Event or Material Adverse Effect. No Material Outside Event or Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred and
be continuing.

(f) Performance
by the Company. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior the applicable Condition
Satisfaction Date including, without limitation, the delivery of all Common Shares issuable pursuant to all previously delivered
Advance Notices and the issuance of all Commitment Fee Shares previously required to be issued to Investor (for the avoidance of
doubt, if the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions
required by this Agreement at the time of the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date, but did not comply with any timing requirement
set forth herein, then this condition shall be deemed satisfied unless the Investor is materially prejudiced by the failure of the
Company to comply with any such timing requirement) and the issuance of the Commitment Fee Shares free of any restrictive legends
in accordance with Section 13.04 herein.

(g) No
Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly, materially and adversely
affects any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(h) No
Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Common Shares. The Common Shares are quoted for trading on the Principal Market or Trading
Market and all of the Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice will be listed or quoted for trading on the Principal Market
or Trading Market. The Company shall not have received any written notice that is then still pending threatening the continued quotation
of the Common Shares on the Principal Market or Trading Market.

(i) Authorized.
There shall be a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Shares for the issuance of all of the
Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice.

(j) Executed
Advance Notice. The representations contained in the applicable Advance Notice shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(k)

Consecutive
Advance Notices. Except with respect to the first Advance Notice, the Pricing Period
for all prior Advances has been completed.

(l) Shareholder
Approval. The Company shall have (i) issued and registered all of the Commitment Fee Shares and (ii) obtained Shareholder Approval
to issue Common Shares in excess of the Exchange Cap hereunder.

Furthermore,
the Company shall not have the right to deliver an Advance Notice to the Investor if any of the following shall occur:

(l) the
Company breaches any representation or warranty in any material respect, or breaches any covenant or other term or condition under
any Transaction Document in any material respect, and except in the case of a breach of a covenant which is reasonably curable, only
if such breach continues for a period of at least five (5) consecutive Business Days;

(m) if
any Person commences a proceeding against the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law for so long as such
proceeding is not dismissed;

(n) if
the Company is at any time insolvent, or, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, (i) commences a voluntary case,
(ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (iii) consents to the appointment of a Custodian
of it or for all or substantially all of its property, or (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or (v)
the Company is generally unable to pay its debts as the same become due;

(o) a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (i) is for relief against the Company in
an involuntary case, (ii) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or (iii) orders the
liquidation of the Company or any Subsidiary for so long as such order, decree or similar action remains in effect; or

(p)

if
at any time the Company is not eligible or is unable to transfer its Shares to Investor,
including, without limitation, electronically through DTCs Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian
system.

Article
VIII

NON-DISCLOSURE OF NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION

The
Company covenants and agrees that, other than as expressly required by Section 6.08 hereof or, with the Investors consent pursuant
to Section 6.01(c) and 6.13, it shall refrain from disclosing, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees and agents to refrain
from disclosing, any material non-public information (as determined under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or the rules and regulations
of the SEC) directly or indirectly to the Investor or its affiliates, without also disseminating such information to the public, unless
prior to disclosure of such information the Company identifies such information as being material non-public information and provides
the Investor with the opportunity to accept or refuse to accept such material non-public information for review. Unless specifically
agreed to in writing, in no event shall the Investor have a duty of confidentiality, or be deemed to have agreed to maintain information
in confidence, with respect to the delivery of any Advance Notices.

Article
IX

NON EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENT

Notwithstanding
anything contained herein, this Agreement and the rights awarded to the Investor hereunder are non-exclusive, and the Company may, at
any time throughout the term of this Agreement and thereafter, issue and allot, or undertake to issue and allot, any shares and/or securities
and/or convertible notes, bonds, debentures, options to acquire shares or other securities and/or other facilities which may be converted
into or replaced by Common Shares or other securities of the Company, and to extend, renew and/or recycle any bonds and/or debentures,
and/or grant any rights with respect to its existing and/or future share capital.

Article
X

CHOICE OF LAW/JURISDICTION

This
Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles
of conflict of laws. The parties further agree that any action between them shall be heard in New York County, New York, and expressly
consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme Court of New York, sitting in New York County, New York and the United States District
Court of the Southern District of New York, sitting in New York, New York, for the adjudication of any civil action asserted pursuant
to this Agreement.

Article
XI

ASSIGNMENT; TERMINATION

Section
11.01 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations of the parties hereto may be assigned to any other Person.

Section
11.02 Termination.

(a) Unless
earlier terminated as provided hereunder, this Agreement shall terminate automatically on the earliest of (i) the first day of the
month next following the 36-month anniversary of the date hereof or (ii) the date on which the Investor shall have made payment of
Advances pursuant to this Agreement for Common Shares equal to the Commitment Amount.

(b) The
Company may terminate this Agreement effective upon five Trading Days prior written notice to the Investor; provided that
(i) there are no outstanding Advance Notices, the Common Shares under which have yet to be issued, and (ii) the Company has paid
all amounts owed to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement including, without limitation, all Commitment Fee Shares. This Agreement
may be terminated at any time by the mutual written consent of the parties, effective as of the date of such mutual written consent
unless otherwise provided in such written consent.

(c) Nothing
in this Section 11.02 shall be deemed to release the Company or the Investor from any liability for any breach under this Agreement,
or to impair the rights of the Company and the Investor to compel specific performance by the other party of its obligations under
this Agreement. The indemnification provisions contained in Article V shall survive termination hereunder.

Article
XII

NOTICES

Other
than with respect to Advance Notices, which must be in writing and will be deemed delivered on the day set forth in Section 2.02 in accordance
with Exhibit C, any notices, consents, waivers, or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this
Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt,
when sent by facsimile or e-mail if sent on a Trading Day, or, if not sent on a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading Day;
(iii) 5 days after being sent by U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested, (iv) 1 day after deposit with a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for
such communications (except for Advance Notices which shall be delivered in accordance with Exhibit A hereof) shall be:

If
to the Company, to: 

POWERUP
ACQUISITION CORP.

1200
Broadway, Floor 3

New
York, NY 10038

Attn:
Howard Doss

E-mail:
HADoss@sriramaassociatesllc.onmicrosoft.com

With
a Copy (which shall not constitute notice or delivery of process) to:

Dykema
Gossett PLLC

111
E. Kilbourn Ave., Suite 1050

Milwaukee,
WI 53202

Attention:
Kate Bechen, Esq.

Telephone:
(414) 488-7333

Email:
kbechen@dykema.com

If
to the Investor(s): 

ARENA
BUSINESS SOLUTIONS GLOBAL SPC II, LTD

405
Lexington Ave, 59th Floor

New
York, NY 10174

Attention:
Yoav Stramer

Telephone:
(212) 752-2568

Email:
ystramer@arenaco.com

With
a Copy (which shall not constitute notice or delivery of process) to: 

Pryor
Cashman LLP

7
Times Square

New
York, New York 10036

Attention:
Matthew Ogurick, Esq.

Telephone:
(212) 326-0243

Email:
mogurick@pryorcashman.com

Either
may change its information contained in this Article XII by delivering notice to the other party as set forth herein.

Article
XIII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
13.01 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, both which shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. Facsimile or other electronically
scanned and delivered signatures, including by e-mail attachment, shall be deemed originals for all purposes of this Agreement.

Section
13.02 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Investor, the
Company, their respective affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement
contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and, except as specifically set forth herein,
neither the Company nor the Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision
of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the parties to this Agreement. The provisions
of the existing confidentiality agreement between the Investor and the Company shall remain in force, except that all provisions therein
dealing with the treatment of material non-public information are superseded by this Agreement.

Section
13.03 Reporting Entity for the Common Shares. The reporting entity relied upon for the determination of the trading price or trading
volume of the Common Shares on any given Trading Day for the purposes of this Agreement shall be Bloomberg, L.P. or any successor thereto.
The written mutual consent of the Investor and the Company shall be required to employ any other reporting entity.

Section
13.04 Due Diligence Fee; Commitment Fee Shares.

(a) Each
of the parties shall pay its own fees and expenses (including the fees of any attorneys, accountants, appraisers or others engaged
by such party) in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except that the Company shall be responsible
for all of Investors customary due diligence and legal fees (and will provide proof of any retainer payments and engagement
letters).

(b)

In
consideration for the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued to
the Investor 2,000,000 Common Shares (the Commitment Fee Shares) on the date hereof, of which 893,473 shall
be freely tradable upon the closing the Business Combination.

Section
13.05 Brokerage. Other than the Letter Agreement among PowerUp Acquisition Corp. and RBW Capital Partners LLC, a division of Dawson
James Securities, Inc. dated January 22, 2025, each of the parties hereto represents that it has had no dealings in connection with this
transaction with any finder or broker who will demand payment of any fee or commission from the other party. The Company on the one hand,
and the Investor, on the other hand, agree to indemnify the other against and hold the other harmless from any and all liabilities to
any person claiming brokerage commissions or finders fees on account of services purported to have been rendered on behalf of
the indemnifying party in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Purchase Agreement to be executed by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized,
as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

POWERUP
ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

Name: Howard
Doss

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

INVESTOR:

ARENA
BUSINESS SOLUTIONS GLOBAL SPC II, LTD

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
A

ADVANCE NOTICE

POWERUP
ACQUISITION CORP

Dated:
______________ Advance Notice Number: ____

The
undersigned, _______________________, hereby certifies, with respect to the sale of Common Shares of POWERUP ACQUISITION CORP (the Company)
issuable in connection with this Advance Notice, delivered pursuant to that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025
(the Agreement), as follows:

1 The
undersigned is the duly elected ______________ of the Company.

2 There
are no fundamental changes to the information set forth in the Registration Statement which would require the Company to file a post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement.

3 All
conditions to the delivery of this Advance Notice are satisfied as of the date hereof.

4 The
number of Common Shares that the Company is requesting in this Advance is _____________________.

5 The
number of Common Shares of the Company issued and outstanding as of the date hereof is ___________.

6 The
Pricing Period shall be one (1) Trading Day.

The
undersigned has executed this Advance Notice as of the date first set forth above.

POWERUP
ACQUISITION CORP 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
B

FORM OF SETTLEMENT DOCUMENT

VIA
EMAIL

POWERUP
ACQUISITION CORP

Attn:

Email:

Subject:

Below
please find the settlement information with respect to the Advance Notice Date of:

1. Amount
of Advance requested in the Advance Notice

2. Adjusted
Advance (after taking into account any adjustments pursuant to Section 2.01):

3. Market
Price

4. Purchase
Price (Market Price x 96.0%) per share

5. Number
of Shares due to Investor

Please
issue the number of Shares due to the Investor to the account of the Investor as follows:

INVESTORS
DTC PARTICIPANT #1:

ACCOUNT
NAME:

ACCOUNT
NUMBER:

ADDRESS:

CITY:

COUNTRY:

CONTACT
PERSON:

NUMBER
AND/OR EMAIL:

Sincerely,

ARENA
BUSINESS SOLUTIONS GLOBAL SPC II, LTD

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed
and Approved:

POWERUP
ACQUISITION CORP 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

1Investor
understands and acknowledges that shares will be issued in book-entry form on the DRS of the transfer agent or certificated unless the
conditions set forth in Section 2.05(b) have been satisfied

SCHEDULE
1

Authorized Representatives

The
following individuals may execute Advance Notices:

1. 

2. 

EXHIBIT
C

VIA
EMAIL

Email:
ELOC@arenaco.com

Subject:
ELOC: POWERUP ACQUISITION CORP

Advance
Notice

Below
please find the Advance Notice Date of:

1. Amount
of Advance Shares:

2. Time
of Advance:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

LOCK-UP
AGREEMENT

As
of February , 2025

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned understands that ASPIRE BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS INC. (formerly known as Powerup Acquisition Corp.), a Delaware corporation (together
with its successors and, if permitted, assigns, the Company) intends to enter into a certain business transaction
(the Transaction). Capitalized terms are used as defined in the Annex hereto (which is hereby incorporated and made
a part of this agreement).

To
induce the Company to enter into and consummate the Transaction, the undersigned hereby irrevocably delivers this Lock-Up Agreement (this
Agreement) to the Company, and agrees that, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the Sale
Date, the undersigned will not do any of the following, and will not publicly disclose any intention to do any of the following: (1)
offer, pledge or otherwise grant any lien over, transfer, dispose of or otherwise Sell (or enter into any option or other contractual
obligation to transfer, dispose of or otherwise Sell), lend, in each case directly or indirectly, any of the 786,946 shares of Common
Stock directly or indirectly, owned by it, or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, such shares of Common
Stock, or any other Common Stock Equivalents of such shares of Common Stock, whether now owned or hereafter acquired directly or indirectly
by the undersigned (or any Affiliate of the undersigned) or with respect to which the undersigned (or any Affiliate of the undersigned)
has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-UpSecurities); (2) enter into
any swap or other Derivative or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of
ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, in each case whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled
by delivery of Securities, in cash or otherwise; or (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of
any Lock-Up Securities.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer Lock-Up Securities in connection with:

1 sale
of the Lock-Up Securities in an amount not to exceed fifteen (15%) of the daily trading volume of the Common Stock on the date of
Sale (the Sale Date); provided, however, that no Sales shall be made if the 10-day VWAP of the Common Stock is less
than $2.00 (the VWAP Test Date) until the earlier of (i) the date on which the closing price of the Common Stock is
greater than $2.00 or (ii) five (5) days following the VWAP Test Date;

2. transfers
of Lock-Up Securities as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy or to a family member or trust for the benefit of the undersigned
(for purposes of this lock-up agreement, family member means any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more
remote than first cousin);

3. transfers
of Lock-Up Securities to a charity or educational institution;

4. if
the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, (i) any transfers of Lock-Up Securities
to another corporation, partnership or other business entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the
undersigned or (ii) distributions of Lock-Up Securities to members, partners, stockholders, subsidiaries or affiliates (as defined
in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned as of the date of this Agreement;

5. if
the undersigned is a trust, to a trustee or beneficiary of the trust provided that any such transfer shall not involve a disposition
for value, (ii) such transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of this agreement and (iii) no filing under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or other public announcement shall be required or shall
be voluntarily made during the Lock-Up Period;

6. 

the
receipt by the undersigned from the Company of shares of Common Stock upon the vesting of
restricted stock awards or stock units or upon the exercise of options to purchase shares
of Common Stock issued under an equity incentive plan of the Company or an employment arrangement
or the transfer or withholding of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into
shares of Common Stock to the Company upon a vesting event of the Companys securities
or upon the exercise of options to purchase the Companys securities, in each case
on a cashless or net exercise basis or to cover tax obligations
of the undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise provided that (i) such
shares are covered by this agreement and (ii) if the undersigned is required to file a report
under Section 13 of the Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares
of Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a statement in such
schedule or report to the effect that such reduction is attributable to the cashless
or net exercise of the options or to cover tax withholding obligations of the
undersigned in connection with such vesting or exercise;

7. the
establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of Lock- Up Securities provided
that (i) such plan does not provide for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities during the Lock-Up Period and (ii) to the extent a
public announcement or filing under the Exchange Act, if any, is required of or voluntarily made by or on behalf of the undersigned
or the Company regarding the establishment of such plan, such public announcement or filing shall include a statement to the effect
that no transfer of Lock-Up Securities may be made under such plan during the Lock-Up Period;

8. the
transfer of Lock-Up Securities that occurs by operation of law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with
a divorce settlement, provided that such transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of this agreement, and provided further
that any filing under Section 13 of the Exchange Act that is required to be made during the Lock-Up Period as a result of such
transfer shall include a statement that such transfer has occurred by operation of law; and

9. the
transfer of Lock-Up Securities pursuant to a bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction
made to all holders of shares of Common Stock involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company after the closing of
the Transaction and approved by the Companys board of directors; provided that in the event that the tender offer,
merger, consolidation or other such transaction is not completed, the Lock-Up Securities owned by the undersigned shall remain subject
to the restrictions contained in this agreement. change ofcontrol means the consummation of any bona
fide third party tender offer, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any person
(as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group of persons, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3
and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of a majority of total voting power of the voting stock of the Company. The undersigned also agrees
and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer
of the undersigneds Lock- Up Securities except in compliance with this agreement.

This
agreement (i) is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs, legal representative, successors and, if permitted,
assigns, (ii) has been executed in the English language, and the English text shall prevail over any translation, (iii) is for the exclusive
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and, if permitted, assigns, constitutes the entire agreement of such parties,
superseding all prior agreements among them, with respect to the subject matter hereof except for written agreements with respect to
confidentiality, (iv) may be modified, waived or assigned only by a writing signed by the parties hereto (and any attempt to assign any
right, title, benefit or obligation under this agreement without such writing shall be null and void) and (v) may be executed in counterparts,
which may be transmitted by fax or e-mail and which, together, shall constitute one and the same instrument.

2

This
agreement and all claims, disputes, Proceedings and matters related hereto or arising hereunder or arising from or relating to the relationship
among any of the parties hereto or thereto, are governed by, and shall be construed, interpreted and enforced exclusively in accordance
with, the laws of the State of Delaware (without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof to the extent such principles
or rules would require or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Delaware). Any such
Proceeding shall be brought exclusively in the New York state courts sitting in New York, NY or the federal courts of the United States
of America for the Southern District of New York. The Company (i) accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and
unconditionally, the jurisdiction of such courts, (ii) irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection, including any objection
to the laying of venue, whether based on the grounds of forum non conveniens or on the fact that such jurisdiction is improper or otherwise,
or any other objection that such party is not subject to the jurisdiction of such courts, that it may now or hereafter have to the bringing
of any Proceeding in that jurisdiction, (iii) irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the service of process of any court referred
to above in any Proceeding by the mailing of copies of the process to the parties hereto at the notice address used in this agreement
and (iv) irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that a final judgment in any such Proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced
in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Service effected as provided in this manner will
become effective ten (10) calendar days after the mailing of the process. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing shall affect the right
of any party to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable Regulations or commence Proceedings or otherwise proceed against
any the undersigned in any other jurisdiction. The parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable Regulations, any right that they may have to trial by jury of any claim or cause of action or in any Proceeding,
directly or indirectly based upon or arising out of, under or in connection with, this agreement (whether founded in contract, tort or
any other theory). Each party hereto (a) certifies that no other party and no Affiliate of any of them and no attorney, agent or other
representative of any of the foregoing has represented, expressly or otherwise, that any Person would not, in the event of litigation,
seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the other parties have been induced to enter into this agreement,
by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this paragraph. The undersigned has reviewed the foregoing waivers
with its legal counsel and has knowingly and voluntarily waived its jury trial rights following consultation with such legal counsel.
In the event of litigation, this Agreement may be filed as a written consent to a trial by the court. This paragraph shall not restrict
a party from exercising pre-judgment remedies under applicable Regulations.

[Signature
Page Follows]

3

The
undersigned has read and agrees to be bound by the terms of this Lock-Up Agreement as of the date first written above:

Very truly yours,

Name: By: 

Address: 

Email: 

ANNEX
TO LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

DEFINITIONS

Affiliate
means each Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or any Affiliate of such Person. For purpose
of this definition, control and related words are used as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the
Securities Act.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, any Capital Stock into which such shares of common
stock shall have been changed, and any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant
or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to purchase, subscribe or otherwise receive, Common Stock.

Derivative
means any futures or forward contract, spot transaction, purchase or option agreement, hedging arrangement, swap agreement, cap, floor
or collar transaction, hedging transaction, any other derivative instrument, any other similar speculative transaction and any other
similar agreement or arrangement designed to alter the risks of any Person arising from fluctuations in any underlying variable, including
the price or value of any other derivative instrument. For the purposes of this definition, derivative instrument means
any derivative instrument as defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 (Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities) of the United States Financial Accounting Standards Board, and any defined with a term similar effect
in any successor statement or any supplement to, or replacement of, any such statement.

Governmental
Authority means any nation, sovereign or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof,
any municipality, any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof and any entity or authority exercising executive, legislative, taxing,
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, and any corporation or other entity owned or controlled,
through stock or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing, including any central bank stock exchange regulatory body arbitrator,
public sector entity, supra-national entity (including the European Union and the European Central Bank) and any self-regulatory organization
(including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners).

Person
means an individual, partnership, corporation, incorporated or unincorporated association, limited liability company, limited liability
partnership, joint stock company, land trust, business trust or unincorporated organization, or a government or agency, department or
other subdivision thereof or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
against a Person means an action, suit, litigation, arbitration, investigation, complaint, dispute, contest, hearing, inquiry, inquest,
audit, examination or other proceeding threatened or pending against, affecting or purporting to affect such Person or its property,
whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or appellate, in law or equity before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority.

Regulation
means, all international, federal, state, provincial and local laws (whether civil or common law or rule of equity and whether U.S.
or non- U.S.), treaties, constitutions, statutes, codes, tariffs, rules, guidelines, regulations, writs, injunctions, orders,
judgments, awards, decrees, rulings, ordinances and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including, in each case
whether or not having the force of law, the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, all policies,
recommendations, directives, requirements, determinations, guidance and requests of any Governmental Authority and all
administrative orders, directed duties and stipulations entered by or with a Governmental Authority.

Sale
means a sale, lease or sublease (as lessor or sublessor), sale and leaseback, conveyance, transfer, assignment or other disposition to,
or any exchange of property (other than cash and cash equivalents) with, any Person of, or any other transaction permitting any Person
to acquire, in one transaction or a series of transactions, any interest in, all or any part of a business or any property of any kind
(other than cash and cash equivalents) including a sale, factoring at maturity, collection of or other disposal, with or without recourse,
of any notes or accounts receivable. To Sell shall have a correlative meaning.

Subsidiary
means of any Person, any other Person (other than natural persons) the management of which is, directly or indirectly, controlled by,
or of which an aggregate of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting securities is, at the time, owned or controlled, directly
or indirectly, by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Aspire
Biopharma Holdings, Inc., Announces Public Listing on Nasdaq

The
closing of the business combination with PowerUp Acquisition Corp. creates Nasdaq-listed biopharmaceutical company dedicated to developing
breakthrough innovations in FDA approved drugs, nutraceuticals, and supplements

Aspire
has multiple product candidates in key areas of medical needs such as a fast-acting aspirin product for cardiology emergencies and pain
management, a proprietary Viagra/Cialis combination product, various bi-hormonal drugs such as testosterone, estrogen, weight loss, anti-seizure,
and thyroid drugs. Supplements such as pre-workout and melatonin are already being developed using Aspires proprietary sublingual
delivery system.

Aspire
Biopharma Holdings, Inc. (Aspire Biopharma) is scheduled to begin trading on Nasdaq on February 20, 2025 under the ticker
symbol ASBP.

HUMACO,
PR AND NEW YORK, NY / ACCESS Newswire / February 20, 2025 / Aspire Biopharma, Inc. (Aspire or the Company),
a developer of a multi-faceted patent-protected disruptive drug delivery mechanism technology, and PowerUp Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq:PWUP),
a Nasdaq Global Market listed special purpose acquisition company, (PowerUp), today announced the completion of their
previously announced business combination (the Business Combination). Proceeds from the transaction totaled approximately
$3.8 million, which included funds held in PowerUps trust account and a concurrent private placement investment in public equity
(PIPE) financing. The Business Combination was approved by PowerUp Acquistion Corp. stockholders on January 31, 2025, and it closed on
February 17, 2025. Beginning on February 20, 2025, Aspire Biopharma shares of common stock and warrants will begin to trade on the Nasdaq
Global Market and Nasdaq Capital Market (collectively, Nasdaq), respectively, under the ticker symbols ASBP
and ASBPW, respectively.

The
Business Combination is expected to provide Aspire Biopharma with improved access to sources of new capital, enable Aspire to further
expand the internal development of new product offerings, accelerate strategic partnerships, and pursue trials and commercialization
of its fast-absorbing aspirin for use in stopping cardiac incidents which management believes is a candidate for fast-track approval
through the FDA.

Highlights

Industry-Leading
Platform: Aspire is focused on developing a pipeline of products utilizing its novel sublingual
delivery mechanisms to enhance the efficacy of FDA- approved drugs, nutraceuticals, and supplements.

Innovative
Drug Delivery Technology: Aspires patented and patent-pending delivery system includes
components specifically formulated to allow rapid sublingual absorption of drugs and supplements
directly into the blood stream, thus on first pass avoiding the gastrointestinal tract and
liver, allowing far more of the drugs to reach where they are needed in a very short time
and avoiding irritation of the gastric system.

Growth
and Innovation: Proceeds from the transaction are expected to further fuel Aspires
strategic growth plan to accelerate the development of its differentiated pipeline and finance
several key therapeutic programs to data announcements.

Management
and Governance

Aspire
Biopharma will continue to be led by Kraig Higginson, Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and the rest of
the current Aspire Biopharma management team. Aspire Biopharmas Board of Directors is comprised of seven directors, including
Michael Howe, Gary E. Stein, Barbara Sher, Edward J. Kimball, Surendra Ajjarapu and Donald G. Fell.

Kraig
Higginson, Chief Executive Officer of Aspire, commented, I am thrilled with the completion of this business combination and excited
to lead this talented organization as it prepares to commercialize a technology with the potential to make a meaningful impact on healthcare
and patient well-being. We believe Aspires approach, which merges a focus on affordability with advanced science to create innovative
and improved formulations of approved FDA drugs and nutraceuticals, is a blueprint for sustainable success in the current era of healthcare.

Higgnson
added, We are immensely proud of our clinical development results so far for our lead product, a novel instant absorption
formulation of aspirin, to address cardiology emergencies and pain management. We are excited about accelerating our lead product candidate
through the development and regulatory pathway. The proceeds from this transaction have improved our financial position and are expected
to enable the advancement of multiple clinical stage candidates and the delivery of several important near-term catalysts for value creation.

Suren
Ajjarapu, Chief Executive Officer of Powerup, said, We are excited to see Aspire take this important next step in its evolution
as a transformative biopharmaceutical company by becoming a publicly traded company. This step will enable Aspire to continue to leverage
Aspires commercial and clinical stage assets to develop innovative advancements of FDA approved drugs, nutraceuticals and supplements.

About
this Transaction

On
August 26, 2024, Aspire Biopharma, Inc., a developer of a multi-faceted patent protected disruptive drug delivery mechanism technology,
entered into a definitive business combination agreement with PowerUp Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: PWUP), a Nasdaq Global Market listed
special purpose acquisition company. Under the terms of the business combination agreement, the SPAC Sponsors and certain current equity
holders, officers and directors of Aspire Biopharma have agreed to be subject to a (term) lockup in respect of their common stock, in
each case subject to certain customary exceptions, which will provide important stability to the leadership and governance of the combined
entity.

The
description of the business combination contained herein is only a high-level summary and is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed
description of the terms of the transaction provided in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission on January 14, 2025.

Aspire
Overview

Aspire
Biopharma, Inc. is a privately held, early-stage biopharmaceutical technology company founded in 2021. The Company is engaged in the
business of developing and marketing a disruptive technology for novel delivery mechanisms for FDA approved drugs, nutraceuticals, and
supplements. Aspire has developed and acquired technologies that we believe are a Novel Soluble Formulation which address emergencies
and drug efficacy, dosage management, patient compliance and safety and rapid response and absorption time when required or desired.

High-dose,
sublingual aspirin - Aspires Expected Launch Product

Aspire
had historically focused on the delivery of aspirin, which may be the most studied and accepted analgesic and anti-inflammatory. However,
current aspirin applications have limitations due to side effects from acidity.

Aspires
first product, which addresses cardiology emergencies and pain management, is a granular or powder formulation of a soluble, Ph neutral,
fast-acting aspirin. Benefits of instant absorption aspirin include the potential to quickly stop heart attack and stroke;
allow high dose absorption for pain management including quick headache relief, post-surgery, cancer pain management, and general pain
relief. Aspire currently plans to pursue a fast track 505(b)(2) New Drug Application with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) for its aspirin product. The 505(b)(2) pathway specifically benefits new drugs that are similar to already approved
drugs but have slight variations in formulation or administration routes. Aspire can reference the safety and efficacy data of the original
innovator drug which can accelerate the approval process and reduce associated costs.

Aspires
Development Pipeline

In
addition to the Companys lead high-dose aspirin candidate, Aspire has numerous pharmaceutical and nutraceutical applications under
development in the following areas, including but not limited to a proprietary Viagra/Cialis combination product which is faster acting,
requiring decreased dosages with the benefit of a longer half-life, various bi-hormonal drugs such as testosterone, estrogen and weight
loss drugs, anti-seizure drugs, anti-nausea drugs, and thyroid drugs, as well as various supplements including a rapid-absorbing pre-workout
and a melatonin sleep aid.

Advisors

Dykema
Gossett, PLLC served as legal counsel to PowerUp Acquisition Corp.

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP served as legal counsel to Aspire BioPharma, Inc.

About
Aspire Biopharma, Inc.

Headquartered
in Humacao, Puerto Rico, Aspire Biopharma has developed a disruptive technology through a Novel Soluble Formulation which addresses emergencies,
drug efficacy, dosage management, and response time. For more information, please visit www.aspirebiolabs.com.

About
PowerUp Acquisition Corp.

PowerUp
Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.

Safe
Harbor Statement

Certain
statements made in this communication are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of
the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may generally be identified by the use
of words such as estimate, projects, expects, anticipates, forecasts,
plans, intends, believes, seeks, may, will, would,
should, future, propose, potential, target, goal,
objective, outlook and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative versions of such
words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding the financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations of
the combined public company, including as they relate to the potential Business Combination and related transactions, pricing and market
opportunity, the completion of the potential Business Combination and related transactions, the level of redemptions by PowerUps
public shareholders and the timing of the completion of the proposed Business Combination, including the anticipated closing date of
the proposed Business Combination and the use of the cash proceeds therefrom. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether
or not identified in this communication, and on the current expectations of PowerUps and Aspires management and are not
predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended
to serve as and must not be relied on by any investor as a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or
probability. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results, and involve a number of
known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside the control of the parties,
that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. The Company
undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Aspire
Biopharma, Inc. Contact

TraDigital
IR

Kevin McGrath

+1-646-418-7002

kevin@tradigitalir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>asbp-20250213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>asbp-20250213_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>asbp-20250213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Entity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 

Former Address [Member] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock 

Entity Addresses [Table] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>asbp-20250213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 13, 2025

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41293

Entity Registrant Name Aspire
Biopharma Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001847345

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-3467744

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 194
Candelaro Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two #233

Entity Address, City or Town Humacao

Entity Address, Country PR

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 00791

City Area Code (415)

Local Phone Number 592-7399

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ASBP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each exercisable for one share of common stock

Trading Symbol ASBPW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name PowerUp
Acquisition Corp.

Entity Address, Address Line One 188
Grand Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Unit #195

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10013

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ASBP_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ASBP_WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_FormerAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
25 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://aspirebiopharmaholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

asbp-20250213.xsd 
asbp-20250213_def.xml 
asbp-20250213_lab.xml 
asbp-20250213_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-007732-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001847345 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

0001847345 

dei:FormerAddressMember 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

0001847345 

ASBP:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

0001847345 

ASBP:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001847345 
8-K 
2025-02-13 
Aspire Biopharma Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-41293 
33-3467744 
194 Candelaro Drive 
#233 
Humacao 
PR 
00791 
(415) 
592-7399 
PowerUp Acquisition Corp. 
188 Grand Street 
Unit #195 
New York 
NY 
10013 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ASBP 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock 
ASBPW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>