<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-005693.txt : 20250210
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-005693.hdr.sgml : 20250210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250210172252
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-005693
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Safety Shot, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001760903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				832455880
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39569
		FILM NUMBER:		25606749

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1061 E. INDIANTOWN RD.
		STREET 2:		STE. 110
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-325-0482

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1061 E. INDIANTOWN RD.
		STREET 2:		STE. 110
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33477

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Jupiter Wellness, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200615

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CBD Brands, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181206
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000176090300017609032025-02-042025-02-040001760903us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-042025-02-040001760903SHOT:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAt8.50PerShareMember2025-02-042025-02-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C., 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 4, 2025

SAFETY
SHOT, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 001-39569 83-2455880

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

1061
E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter, FL33477

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(561)244-7100

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock SHOT 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(The
Nasdaq Capital Market)

Warrants, each exercisable
for one share of Common Stock at $8.50 per share SHOTW 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(The
Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mart if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Securities
Purchase Agreement

On
February 4, 2025, Safety Shot, Inc., (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA)
with one accredited investor (the Investor) for the purchase of 2,753,304 shares (the PIPE Shares) of common
stock, par value $0.001 (the Common Stock) and 2,753,304 warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Warrants)
for gross proceeds of $1,165,198,24 at a price of $0.3632 per share of Common Stock, and $0.06 per Warrant.

The
Warrants

Pursuant
to the SPA the we have issued 2,753,304 Warrants exercisable at $0.45 per share. The Warrants contain customary adjustment provisions
and representation and warranties. The Warrants are exercisable for a five year period following the issuance date of the Warrants.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The
applicable information related to the Shares issued pursuant to the SPA and the Consulting Agreement presented in Item 1.01 of this Current
Report is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02. The Securities will be issued without prior
registration in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and Rule 506(b) of Regulation
D thereunder.

Item
9.01 Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Form of Warrant dated February 4, 2025

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 4, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 10, 2025

SAFETY SHOT, INC. 

By: /s/ Jarrett
Boon 

Jarrett Boon, 

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

SAFETY
SHOT, INC.

Warrant
Shares: 2,753,304 Initial
Exercise Date: February 5, 2025

Issue
Date: February 5, 2025

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, ________________ or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on February 5, 2030, (the
Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Safety Shot, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), up to 2,753,304 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Common Stock. The purchase price of one (1) share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined
in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

2

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means ClearTrust, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 16540 Pointe Village Dr.,
Suite 210, Lutz, FL 335588 and an email address of inbox@cleartrusttransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Warrant Inducement Letters.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and
the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within
three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant
resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver
any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

3

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per Warrant Share shall be $0.45, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder or the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder,
then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the
Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the
VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of
Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the
VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock
on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice
of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within
two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day)
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of
Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close
of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this
Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares
that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means
of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

4

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. Without
limiting any other provision in the Warrant Inducement Letters, assuming (i) the Holder is not an Affiliate of the Company, and (ii)
all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act with respect to Holder and the Warrant Shares are met
in the case of such a cashless exercise, the Company agrees that the Company will cause the removal of the legend from such Warrant Shares
(including by delivering an opinion of the Companys counsel to the Companys transfer agent at its own expense to ensure
the foregoing), and the Company agrees that the Holder is under no obligation to sell the Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of
the Warrant prior to removing the legend.. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, for the number
of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise
by the date that is the earliest of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1)
Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard
Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier
of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for
purposes of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act to have become the holder of the Warrant Shares irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
$1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each
Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.
As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading
Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice
of Exercise.

5

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored and return any amount received by the Company in respect of the Exercise Price for those Warrant Shares (in which case
such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had
the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall
be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder
and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental
thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the
Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic
delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in
strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
[Intentionally Omitted]

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any share of Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to
all (or substantially all) of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all (or substantially all) holders of shares of Common Stock, by
way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or
options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled
to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation
in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent)
and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially
or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit
of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

8

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one
or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v)
the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business
combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another
Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or
more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent
exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such
exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of
the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option,
exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the
date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder
an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date
of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within
the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive
from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value
of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection
with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the
holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental
Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration
in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock/shares of the Successor Entity
(which Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg,
L.P. (Bloomberg) determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction
for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time
between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected
volatility equal to the greater of (1) 100% and (2) the 100 day volatility as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined
utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price
per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction
and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading
Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(e) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of
the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow.
The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within
the later of (i) five (5) Business Days after the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(e) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares
and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

9

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property
deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver
such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

10

h)
[Intentionally Omitted]

i)
Voluntary Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market and the consent of the Holder, the
Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time
deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof,
this This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in
part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment
of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and
funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination
or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of
this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which
case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an
assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the SPAs (as defined the Warrant Inducement
Letters).

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

11

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with
the issue thereof) and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes
in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

12

Before
taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under
the federal securities laws.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

13

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. No provision of this Warrant
shall be construed as a waiver by the Holder of any rights which the Holder may have under the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations of the Commission thereunder. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly
fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the
Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise
enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 1061 E. Indiantown Rd., Ste. 110, Jupiter, FL 33477, Attention: Jarrett Boon, Chief Executive
officer, email address: jboon@safetyshot.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by
notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in
writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at
the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder
shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day
after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section
on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom
such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on
the one hand, and the Holder, on the other hand.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

[STSS
Investor PIPE Warrant Signature Page Follows]

14

[STSS
Investor PIPE Warrant Signature Page]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this PIPE Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first
above indicated.

SAFETY SHOT, INC. 

By: 

Name: Jarrett Boon 

Its: Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
SAFETY SHOT, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4)
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized
Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

Exhibit
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________
__, ______ 

Holders Signature:____________________________ 

Holders Address:_____________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 4, 2024, between Safety Shot, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and [*] (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser,
and the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement;

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agreement
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

BHCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(pp).

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Buy-In Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(d).

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligation to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligation to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common Warrants means the warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock delivered to the Purchaser
at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement, which Common Warrants shall be in the form of Exhibit A attached thereto.

Company
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

Company
Counsel means with respect to U.S. federal securities law and New York law, Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, 1185 Avenue
of the Americas, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10036.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Purchaser, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Purchaser.

Disqualification
Event shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(rr).

DVP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Effective Date means the earlier to occur of (a) the date that all of the Shares or Warrant
Shares, as applicable, have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company
to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or
(b) the date that all of the Shares or Warrant Shares, as applicable, may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section
4(a)(1) of the Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and Company Counsel has delivered to such holders a standing
written unqualified opinion that resales may then be made by such holders of the Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to such exemption which
opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to such holders.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2

Exempt Issuance
means (i) any conventional bank loans that are not convertible into shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents and do not involve
any issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or other security of the Company in connection therewith; (ii)
shares of Common Stock or options issued to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to the Companys equity incentive
plans or pursuant to the compensation agreements previously authorized by the Board of Directors; (iii) securities issued upon the exercise
or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible
into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended
since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion
price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities; and (iv)
securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company,
provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights
that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the period of one hundred and twenty (120)
days following the Release Date and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which
is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the
Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(uu).

FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(uu).

Federal
Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(pp).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Issuer
Covered Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(rr).

IT
Systems and Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(vv).

Legend Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Money
Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(qq).

OFAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

PFIC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.18.

Pharmaceutical
Product shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(uu).

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

3

\

Public
Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b).

Purchaser
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Release
Date means the Effective Date.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shareholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or any
successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement on the Closing Date.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to the Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as
specified below the Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription
Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Open Market (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Securities, and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

4

Transfer
Agent means ClearTrust, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 16540 Pointe Village Dr.,
Suite 210, Lutz, FL 335588 and an email address of inbox@cleartrusttransfer.com, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the OTC Pink (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchaser reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means the Common Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase an aggregate of
2,753,304 Shares and 2,753,304 Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of $1,165,198.24. The Purchaser shall deliver to the
Company, via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to the Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the
signature page hereto executed by the Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser its Shares and Warrants as
determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and the Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2
deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall
occur at the offices of counsel to the Company or such other location (or remotely by electronic means) as the parties shall
mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Purchaser, settlement of the Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus
Payment (DVP)(i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the
Purchasers name and address and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account identified by the Purchaser; upon
receipt of such Shares, the Company shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the Purchaser, and payment therefor shall
be made by the Purchaser by wire transfer to the Company).

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser the following:

(i)
on the date hereof, (a) this Agreement duly executed by the Company and (b) a certificate executed by the Chief Financial Officer of
the Company in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser and its counsel;

(ii)
the Company shall have provided the Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead
and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iii)
a duly executed and delivered Officers Certificate, in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser and its counsel;

5

(iv)
written irrevocable issuance instructions for the 2,753,304 Shares purchased; and

(v) 2,753,304 Common Warrants registered in the name of the Purchaser.

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser; and

(ii)
the Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified
in writing by the Company.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii)
the delivery by the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
the Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

6

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys
annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 10-K). Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1 of the Disclosure Schedules,
the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any
Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable
and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse
Effect; provided, however, that Material Adverse Effect shall not include any event, occurrence, fact, condition
or change, directly or indirectly, arising out of or attributable to: (i) general economic or political conditions, (ii) conditions generally
affecting the industry in which the Company or any Subsidiary operates, (iii) any changes in financial or securities markets in general,
(iv) acts of war (whether or not declared), armed hostilities or terrorism, or the escalation or worsening thereof, (v) any pandemic,
epidemics or human health crises (including COVID-19), (vi) any changes in applicable laws or accounting rules (including GAAP), (vii)
the announcement, pendency or completion of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or (viii) any action required
or permitted by the Transaction Documents or any action taken (or omitted to be taken) with the written consent of or at the written
request of the Purchaser) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

7

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the notice
and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares for
trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iii) the filing of Form D with the Commission, if required, and (iv) the Shareholder
Approval and such other filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to
be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof), free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and applicable law. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issuance
thereof), free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents
and by applicable law. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of Shares and Warrant Shares
issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants.

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth in the 10- K. Schedule 3.1(g)(1) of the
Disclosure Schedules shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the
Company as of the date hereof. Other than as stated in Schedule 3.1(g)(1) of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company has not issued any
capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock
options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys
employee stock purchase plans No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right
to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g) of the Disclosure
Schedules, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right
to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary
to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchaser). Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g)(2)
of the Disclosure Schedules, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that
adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company
or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g)(2) of the Disclosure Schedules, there are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have
been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of
any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder,
the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements,
voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to
the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

8

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company is not currently an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The Company has
filed Form 10 information at least one year prior to the date hereof. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports
comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect
thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise
specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the
Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods
then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i) of the Disclosure Schedules, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or
development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred
any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to
GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has
not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements
to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director
or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request
for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability,
fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the
Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would
be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that
has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

9

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth in the 10-K, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state,
county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth in the 10-K, (i) adversely affects
or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director
or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company except in the ordinary
course of business that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending
the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid and marketable
rights to lease or otherwise use, all real property and all personal property that is material to the business of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens that do not materially affect the value of such property
and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii)
Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP, and the
payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written
notice of any claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or its Subsidiaries under any of
the leases or subleases or licenses or with respect to the properties mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the
Company or any Subsidiary to the continued possession or use of the leased or subleased or licensed premises or the properties mentioned
above, other than such claims which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received written notice that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the
rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the
Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality
and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage in amount deemed prudent by the Company. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r)
Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the 10-K, during the past three fiscal years and the subsequent
interim period through the date of this Agreement, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge
of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any
Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing
for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of
money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge
of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director,
trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for
services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock
option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

11

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and all applicable
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as disclosed in
the Form 10-K, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the
most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented
in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have
been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its
Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting
of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser as contemplated
hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(v)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w)
Registration Rights. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(w) of the Disclosure Schedules, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act
of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

12

(x)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge
is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received
any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding
the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that
the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason
to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.
The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in
connection with such electronic transfer.

(y)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchaser as a result of the Purchaser and the Company fulfilling
their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys
issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(z)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents or counsel with
any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding
the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company
during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser does
not make and has not made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically
set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(aa)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. The 10-K sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and
unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes
of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000
(other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated
balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases
required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither The Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

13

(cc)
Tax Status. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(cc) of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has
made or filed all material United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and
declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all material taxes and other governmental assessments
and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside
on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such
returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of
any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(dd)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchaser.

(ee)
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary,
any agent or other Person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any Person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the FCPA.

(ff)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is M&K CPAs, PLLC. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting
firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the
financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the now current fiscal year.

(gg)
No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company
is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any
of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(hh)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting
solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in
any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by the
Purchaser or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

14

(ii)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(g) and 4.15 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) the Purchaser has not been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has the Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by the Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) the Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to
which the Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock and (iv)
the Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) the Purchaser may engage in hedging activities at various times
during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to
the Warrants is being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing
stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company
acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(jj)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company.

(kk)
Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Purchaser
shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Purchaser as to the matters covered thereby.

(mm)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan, if any, was granted
(i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair
market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option
granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has
been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options
with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results
or prospects.

(nn)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(oo)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Code, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(pp)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

15

(qq)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(rr)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Purchaser a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(ss)
Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any Person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be
paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(tt)
Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchaser in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

(uu)
FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under
the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured,
packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical
Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed
by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration,
investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices,
good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure
to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened,
action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation)
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter
or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration,
or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and
promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws
or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical
hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of
the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations
of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United
States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving
or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

16

(vv)
Cybersecurity. (i) (x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and
Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) herein, as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards
to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all
IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with
industry standards and practices.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of
the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. The Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the law of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of the Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which
it is a party has been duly executed by the Purchaser, and when delivered by the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i)
as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b) Own
Account. The Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities as defined in Rule 144 and have
not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for
its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the
Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation
of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any
other Persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law (this representation and warranty shall not limit the Purchasers right to sell the Securities
pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

17

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time the Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3),
(a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as
defined in Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act. The Purchaser hereby represents that neither the Purchaser nor any of its Rule
506(d) Related Parties (as defined below) is a bad actor within the meaning of Rule 506(d) promulgated under the
Securities Act. For purposes of this Agreement, Rule 506(d) Related Party shall mean a Person covered by the
Bad Actor disqualification provision of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of the Purchaser. The Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an
investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
General Solicitation. The Purchaser is not, to the Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over
television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f)
Access to Information. The Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(g)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, the Purchaser has not,
nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases
or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of the
Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of the Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to the Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, managers, members, stockholders, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, the Purchaser has maintained
the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or
preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect the Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

18

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Transfer Restrictions.

(a) The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with
any transfer of Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of
a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide
to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which
opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred
Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of
this Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

(b) The Purchaser agrees to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the
Securities in substantially the following form:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF
ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED
INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin
agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that
is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement,
the Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject
to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection
therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver
such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer
of the Securities.

(c) Certificates evidencing the Shares and Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set
forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities
Act, (ii) following any sale of such Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current
public information required under Rule 144, (iii) if such Shares or Warrant Shares are eligible for sale or may be sold under Rule 144,
without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities
Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel
to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend
hereunder, or if requested by the Purchaser, respectively. If the Shares or Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement
for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Shares or Warrant Shares or
if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements
issued by the staff of the Commission), then such Shares and Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that
following the earliest of the Effective Date (for purposes of this Section 4.1(c), as to some or all Shares or Warrant Shares) or such
time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and
(ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by the Purchaser to
the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Shares or Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend (such date,
the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser a certificate representing such Shares
or Warrant Shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions
to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Securities subject to legend
removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime
broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by the Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Shares or Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive
legend. In addition to the Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to the Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, 1% of the total of the value of the Shares or Warrant Shares for which the removal of the legend is sought
(based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Shares or Warrant Shares are submitted to the Transfer Agent) for each full month
that said opinion is not delivered after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend.

19

(d) In addition to the Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to the Purchaser, in cash,
(i) as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $10,000 of Shares or Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common
Stock on the date such Securities are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to
Section 4.1(c), $5 per Trading Day (increasing to $10 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after the Legend Removal Date) for each Trading
Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and
deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered
to the Company by the Purchaser that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date the Purchaser
purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Purchaser of
all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion
of the number of shares of Common Stock that the Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then,
an amount equal to the excess of the Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses,
if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In
Price) over the product of (A) such number of Shares or Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Purchaser
by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing
on the date of the delivery by the Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Shares or Warrant Shares and ending on the date of such
delivery and payment under this clause (ii).

(e)
The Purchaser agrees with the Company that the Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of
the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and acknowledges
that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon
the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2
Furnishing of Information; Public Information.

(a)
Until the Purchaser no longer owns any Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the effectiveness of the registration of the Common
Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to use reasonable best efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect
thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to
the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

20

(b)
At any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of
the Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without
restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public
information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an issuer
in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information
Failure) then, in addition to the Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to the Purchaser, in
cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the
Securities, an amount in cash equal to one percent (1.0%) of the aggregate Subscription Amount of the Purchasers Securities
on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day (prorated for periods totaling less than thirty days)
thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information
is no longer required for the Purchaser to transfer the Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which the
Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.2(b) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure
Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during
which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving
rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments
in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 0.5% per month (prorated for partial
months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit the Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public
Information Failure, and the Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including,
without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of
the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior
to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file, within the time required by the Exchange Act, a Current Report on Form 8-K,
including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission. From and after the issuance of such press release, the
Company represents to the Purchaser that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to the Purchaser
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, and the Purchaser or any of their Affiliates on the
other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and the Purchaser shall consult with each
other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor the Purchaser
shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect
to any press release of the Purchaser, or without the prior consent of the Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company,
which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing
party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Purchaser, or include the name of the Purchaser in any filing with the Commission
or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, except (a) to the extent required by
federal securities law in connection with (i) any registration statement contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) the filing of final
Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in
which such cases the Company shall (x) obtain prior advice of competent counsel that such disclosure is required, (y) provide the Purchaser
with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this Section 4.4 and (z) reasonably cooperate with the Purchaser regarding such
disclosure.

21

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that the Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that the Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchaser.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide the Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to the Purchaser without the Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents,
employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees
or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to
applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the
Securities hereunder for general corporate purposes (which for the avoidance of doubt may include acquisitions, in the Companys
discretion), including working capital.

4.8 Indemnification
of Purchaser. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold the Purchaser and its
directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, managers, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls
the Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors,
officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners, managers, or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role
of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling Persons (each, a
Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages,
costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs
of investigation that the Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents,
(b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Party in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any
stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of the Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of the Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings the Purchaser Party may have with any
such stockholder or any violations by the Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by the Purchaser Party
which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct) or (c) in connection with any
registration statement of the Company providing for the resale by the Purchaser of the Shares or Warrant Shares, the Company will indemnify the
Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or
relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus
or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating
to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in
the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading,
except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding
the Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by the Purchaser Party expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or
alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation
thereunder in connection therewith). If any action shall be brought against the Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be
sought pursuant to this Agreement, the Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the
right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. The Purchaser
Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and
expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has
been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such
defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any
material issue between the position of the Company and the position of the Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be
responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to the
Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by the Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss,
claim, damage or liability is attributable to the Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements made by the Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification
required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or
defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause
of action or similar right of the Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to
pursuant to law.

22

4.9
Listing of Common Stock.

(a)
The Company hereby agrees to use its best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on
which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and
Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading
Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then
include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of
the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or
quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue
the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting,
filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the
Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including,
without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in
connection with such electronic transfer.

4.10.
Reserved

4.11
Reserved.

4.12
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. The Purchaser covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant
to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during
the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. The Purchaser covenants that until such
time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4, the Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding
the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees
that (i) the Purchaser will not make any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions
in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) the Purchaser shall not be restricted or prohibited from effecting any
transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii)
the Purchaser shall have no duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates after the issuance of the initial press
release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of the Purchaser being a multi-managed investment vehicle
whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of the Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct
knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of the Purchasers assets, the covenant
set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision
to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.13
Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation
D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of the Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchaser at the Closing under
applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly
upon request of the Purchaser.

4.14
Capital Changes. Until the date that is one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Release Date, not including any days following
six (6) months after the Closing Date on which current public information is unavailable in accordance with Rule 144(c)(1), the Company
shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split or reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the
Purchaser.

4.15 Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its
obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Shares and Warrant Shares
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay
or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against the Purchaser and regardless
of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.16
Reserved.

4.17
Reserved.

4.18
QEF Election. If the Purchaser so requests in writing for any taxable year of the Company, the Company, after consulting with
its outside accounting firm, shall within 15 Business Days notify the Purchaser in writing that either (A) neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries was a passive foreign investment company as defined in Section 1297 of the Code (PFIC)
for such year, or (B) the Company and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries was a PFIC for such year, in which event the Company shall provide
to the Purchaser, upon the reasonable written request of the Purchaser, the information reasonably necessary to allow the Purchaser to
elect to treat each of the Company and any applicable Subsidiaries (if any), respectively, as a qualified electing fund
(within the meaning of Section 1295 of the Code for such year, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement as described
in Treasury Regulation Section 1.1295-1(g)(1) (or any successor Treasury Regulation).

4.19
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue the Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

4.20 Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants sets forth the totality
of the procedures required of the Purchaser in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions
shall be required of the Purchaser to exercise its Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise
shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required
in order to exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with
the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

23

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser, as to the Purchasers obligations hereunder only by written
notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the
date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any
other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other
taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such
documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided
pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchaser (or, prior to Closing, the Company and the Purchaser) or, in the
case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification
or waiver adversely impacts the Purchaser, the consent of the Purchaser shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect
to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any
subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party
to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately,
materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of the Purchaser shall require the prior written consent of the Purchaser..
Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon the Purchaser and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the Purchaser (other than by merger). The Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
the Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred
Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

24

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the law of the State of New York. Each party agrees that all legal
Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other
Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners,
members, managers, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City and County of
New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed
herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not
to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action
or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight
delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit
in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce
any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party
in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs
and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever the Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then the Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall
be required to return any Warrant Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser
of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire
such Warrant Shares pursuant to such Warrant (including issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

25

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
the Purchaser and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary
damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents
and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at
law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or the Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Reserved.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
EACH PARTY KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Safety
SHOT Securities Purchase Agreement Signature Pages Follow]

26

[Safety
Shot Securities Purchase Agreement Company Signature Page]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

SAFETY
SHOT, INC. Address
for Notice:

By: Email:
jboon@safetyshot.com

Name: Jarrett
Boon 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

27

[Safety
Shot Securities Purchase Agreement Investor Signature Page]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized signatory as of
the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: 

Title
of Authorized Signatory: 

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Address
for Notice to Purchaser: 

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice): as
previously provided

Subscription
Amount $1,165,198.24

Shares: 2,753,304

Warrants 2,753,304

Employer
Identification Number: as
previously provided

28
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>shot-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>shot-20250204_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>shot-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at $8.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>shot-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 04, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39569

Entity Registrant Name SAFETY
SHOT, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001760903

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-2455880

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1061
E. Indiantown Rd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste. 110

Entity Address, City or Town Jupiter

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33477

City Area Code (561)

Local Phone Number 244-7100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol SHOT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at $8.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each exercisable
for one share of Common Stock at $8.50 per share

Trading Symbol SHOTW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SHOT_WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAt8.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://safetyshotofficial.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
shot-20250204.xsd 
shot-20250204_def.xml 
shot-20250204_lab.xml 
shot-20250204_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-005693-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001760903 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0001760903 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0001760903 

SHOT:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAt8.50PerShareMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001760903 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
SAFETY SHOT, INC. 
DE 
001-39569 
83-2455880 
1061 E. Indiantown Rd. 
Ste. 110 
Jupiter 
FL 
33477 
(561) 
244-7100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
SHOT 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at $8.50 per share 
SHOTW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>