<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-016181.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-016181.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221171519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-016181
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250217
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001815903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				851410058
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39752
		FILM NUMBER:		25653156

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1185 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-242-0005

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1185 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257154d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000181590300018159032025-02-172025-02-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 17, 2025

Petros
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware

(State or other

jurisdiction of

incorporation) 

001-39752

(Commission

File Number) 

85-1410058

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 3rd Floor

New York, New York10036

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

(973) 242-0005

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any
of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 Under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on 

which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share PTPI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company x

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement

On February 17, 2025, Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
(the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with certain institutional
and accredited investors (collectively, the Investors) for the issuance and sale, in a best efforts public offering (the
Offering), of (i) 13,950,012 units (the Units), each Unit consisting of one share (the Shares)
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), one Series A Warrant (the Series A
Warrants) to purchase 0.25 share of Common Stock (the Series A Warrant Shares) and one Series B Warrant
(the Series B Warrants, and together with the Series A Warrants, the Warrants) to purchase one shares
of Common Stock (the Series B Warrant Shares and, together with the Series A Warrant Shares, the Warrant
Shares) and (ii) 26,049,988 pre-funded units (the Pre-Funded Units), each Pre-Funded Unit consisting of one
pre-funded warrant (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares),
one Series A Warrant and one Series B Warrant. The public offering price was $0.24 per Unit and $0.2399 per Pre-Funded Unit.
The Offering closed on February 19, 2025. The exercise price of each of the Series A Warrants and the Series B Warrants
is $0.48 per share of Common Stock.

The exercisability of the Warrants will be available
only upon receipt of such stockholder approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market
LLC, including, but not limited to, with respect to (i) the issuance of all of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
the Warrants in accordance with their terms (including adjustment provisions set forth therein), and (ii) to consent to any adjustment
to the exercise price or number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants in the event of a Share Combination Event and Dilutive
Issuance, each as defined in the Warrants (collectively, the Warrant Stockholder Approval). The Company has agreed to use
its reasonable best efforts to obtain such approval within 60 days from the closing of the Offering, and agreed to cause an additional
stockholder meeting to be held every 90 days thereafter until such Warrant Stockholder Approval is obtained.

Subject to certain limitations described in the
Pre-Funded Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at a nominal consideration of $0.0001 per
share any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. A holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of
the Warrants or the Pre-Funded Warrants if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% or 9.99%,
respectively (or at the election of the holder of the Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrants or the Pre-Funded
Warrants, respectively. However, upon notice from the holder to the Company, the holder may increase the beneficial ownership limitation
pursuant to the Warrants, which may not exceed 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, provided that any increase in
the beneficial ownership limitation will not take effect until 61 days following notice to the Company.

The aggregate gross proceeds from the Offering
are approximately $9.6 million before deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net
proceeds from the offering for working capital and general corporate purposes.

Dawson James Securities, Inc. (Dawson)
acted as the Companys exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering, pursuant to that certain engagement letter, dated
as of January 24, 2025, between the Company and Dawson (the Engagement Letter). Pursuant to the Engagement Letter,
the Company agreed to pay Dawson a cash fee equal to 8.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering, and reimbursed certain expenses
and legal fees.

The Units, the Pre-Funded Units, the Shares, the
Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants, the Warrant Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a registration
statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284495), as amended, originally filed on January 24, 2025, and declared effective by
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2025, and an additional registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-285005)
filed on February 14, 2025, pursuant to Rule 462(b) as promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The Engagement Letter and the Purchase Agreement
contain customary representations and warranties, agreements and obligations, conditions to closing and termination provisions for similar
transactions. The foregoing descriptions of terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Warrants,
do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the form of the Purchase Agreement, the form of
the Pre-Funded Warrant, the form of the Series A Warrant and the form of the Series B Warrant, which are attached hereto as
Exhibits 10.1, 4.1, 4.2, and 4.3, respectively.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On February 19, 2025, in connection with
the closing of the Offering, the Company granted to each of Joshua N. Silverman, Bruce T. Bernstein, Wayne R. Walker, Fady Boctor, Mitchell
Arnold and Robert Weinstein, shares of restricted common stock of the Company in the amount of 1,000,000, 300,000, 150,000, 450,000, 150,000
and 150,000 shares, respectively (collectively, the Stock Awards). The holder of the Stock Awards are entitled to all of
the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote the shares and the right to receive any dividends thereon. The
Stock Awards are intended to incentivize certain of the Companys directors and officers to help achieve the successful completion
of the Offering and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the respective Restricted Stock Award Agreements.

On February 18, 2025, the Company issued
a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and is hereby incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Form of
Pre-Funded Warrant.

4.2 Form of
Series A Warrant.

4.3 Form of
Series B Warrant.

10.1+ Form of Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated February 17, 2025, by and between Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the investors party thereto.

99.1 Press
Release, dated February 18, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

+Schedules have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of
Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon its request; provided, however,
that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any schedule so furnished. Certain
portions of this exhibit (indicated by [***]) have been omitted because they are both (i) not material and (ii) would
be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

PETROS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Date: February 21, 2025 By: /s/ Fady Boctor

Name: Fady Boctor

Title: President and Chief Commercial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257154d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1 

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

PETROS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Warrant
Shares: [*] Initial
Issuance Date: February 19, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [ ] or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth at any time on or after
the date hereof (such date, the Initial Exercise Date) until the date this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), up to ______ shares (the Warrant Shares) of common stock, par value $ 0.0001 per
share, of the Company (Common Stock), subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common
Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1.
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this
Section 1. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 17, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e).

Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York,
New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open
Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of
the Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Bloomberg
means Bloomberg L.P., or any successor thereto.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day

Page 1 of 17 

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(iv).

Common
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(c).

DWAC shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exercise
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Holder
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Initial Exercise
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Notice of Exercise
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof), or other entity of any kind.

Purchase
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.

Purchase
Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(b).

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-284495).

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Standard Settlement
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Subsidiary
means all of the direct and indirect subsidiaries (individually, a Subsidiary) of the Company set forth on Exhibit 21
to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC except for (i) those
subsidiaries of the Company not required to be listed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act and (ii) those subsidiaries
of the Company formed following the last day of the most recently ended fiscal year, if any.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Termination Date
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Page 2 of 17 

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the
NYSE American, (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means Pacific Stock Transfer Co., the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 725 Via Austi
Parkway, Suite 300, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119 and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York, New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open
Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of
the Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Pre-Funded Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Warrant
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).

Warrant Share Delivery
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Warrant Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Section 2.
Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made,
in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to
the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading
Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein)
following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise
procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is applicable and specified in the attached Notice of Exercise. The Company shall
have no obligation to inquire with respect to or otherwise confirm the authenticity of the signature(s) contained on any Notice
of Exercise nor the authority of the person so executing such Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder
has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise
is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal
to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading
Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the
provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

Page 3 of 17 

b) Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001
per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration
(other than the nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect
any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate
exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised
prior to the Termination Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject
to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. This Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the
VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP on the
Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this
Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares
that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a
cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take
any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Page 4 of 17 

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery of
Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its
Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares
by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate,
registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is
the earliest of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery of the Notice of Exercise to the Company, (ii) one (1) Trading
Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company, and (iii) the number of days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date)
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company
by such date. Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder
of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant
Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant
Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise)
is received by the Company by such date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for
each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of
Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for
each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The
Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and
exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number
of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00
p.m. (New York, NY time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase
Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York, NY time) on the
Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

Page 5 of 17 

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, (other than a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete information
provided by the Holder to the Company), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the
Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the
number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the
price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the
Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having
a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving
rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required
to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect
of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right
to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant
as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant.
As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its
election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise
Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly
executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer
tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and
all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day
electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

Page 6 of 17 

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the
number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall
be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination
and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except
to the extent the Holder relies on a number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
except to the extent the Holder relies on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the SEC, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the
Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company shall
within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In
any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election
by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice to the Company,
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue
to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice
is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict
conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or
inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.
If the Warrant is unexercisable as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, no alternate consideration is owing
to the Holder.

Page 7 of 17 

Section 3.
Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock
(which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares
of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the
denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged.
Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in
the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or
other property pro rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights),
then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the
Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant
(without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right
to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase
Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the
Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro Rata
Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder
has exercised this Warrant.

Page 8 of 17 

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in
one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock
or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than a stock split or stock dividend), or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates
a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement (other than a stock split or stock dividend)) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power
of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on
the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it
is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in
a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all
of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the
term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each
of the Company and the Successor Entity, or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities,
jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with
the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company
herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(d) regardless
of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether
a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

Page 9 of 17 

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may
be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given
date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to
Holder.

(i) Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall
promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment; provided, however,
that the Company may satisfy this notice requirement in this Section 3(f) by filing such notice with the SEC pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(ii) Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form other than
a stock split or stock dividend) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a
redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights (excluding any granting or issuance of rights
to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant to a stockholder rights plan), (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company
shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a
party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common
Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or
email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date
on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not
to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or
share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of
record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that
any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain
entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Page 10 of 17 

Section 4.
Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any
registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or
its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the
Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender
and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees,
as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a
new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned
this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the
date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants. If
this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant may be divided or combined with other
Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations
in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a),
as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or
exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of
Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

Page 11 of 17 

Section 5.
Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein,
in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

d) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights
under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who
are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without
violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.
The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect
of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its Certificate
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment (it being understood that this Warrant shall not in any
case prevent the Company from effecting any such amendment, reorganization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issuance or
sale). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above
the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may
be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon
the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents
from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under
this Warrant.

Before taking any
action, which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

Page 12 of 17 

e) Governing
Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant
shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and any action relating to this Warrant shall only be
brought as provided in the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right
to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully
and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall
pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise
enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment
and Waiver. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the
one hand, and the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

Page 13 of 17 

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

Page 14 of 17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

PETROS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: 

Name: Fady Boctor

Title: President and Chief Commercial Officer

[Signature page to Pre-funded Common Stock
Purchase Warrant]

Page 15 of 17 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: PETROS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(1) The undersigned
hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in
full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take
the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said
Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the
following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of
Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized
Signatory:

Title of Authorized
Signatory:

Date:

Page 16 of 17 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute
this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________
__, ______ 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders Address: 

Page 17 of 17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm257154d1_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

SERIES A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

PETROS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Warrant
Shares: [*] Issuance
Date: February 19, 2025

THIS SERIES A COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [ ] or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the first Trading Day following the Stockholder Approval Date (such date, the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior
to 5:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) on the five year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date, provided that if such date
is not a Trading Day, the immediately following Trading Day (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe
for and purchase from Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [______] shares
of Common Stock, the (Warrant Shares), subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price per share of Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.
Capitalized word and terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 17, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory
thereto.

Adjustment
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Applicable
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e).

Base
Share Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York,
New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open
Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of
the Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Black
Scholes Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Bloomberg
means Bloomberg L.P., or any successor thereto.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Page 1 of 17 

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(iv).

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Certificate
of Incorporation means the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Convertible
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(1).

Convertible
Securities Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(1).

Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(c).

DWAC shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Dilutive Issuance
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Event
Market Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(k).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exercise
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

Floor
Price means (A) prior to the Stockholder Approval Date, a price equal to $0.1465, and (B) effective beginning on
the Stockholder Approval Date, a price equal to $0.0586; which in each case shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock
split, stock combination, reclassification or similar event or transaction.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Holder
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Initial
Exercise Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Issuance
Date means the issuance date of this Warrant as set forth on the first page hereof.

New Issuance
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Page 2 of 17 

Notice
of Exercise shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Option
means any rights, warrants, or options to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof), or other entity of any kind.

Primary
Security shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

Purchase
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.

Purchase
Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(b).

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-284495).

Required
Holders shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Secondary
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Combination Adjustment Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(k).

Share
Combination Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(k).

Share
Combination Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(k).

Standard Settlement
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Subsidiary
means all of the direct and indirect subsidiaries (individually, a Subsidiary) of the Company set forth on Exhibit 21
to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC except for (i) those
subsidiaries of the Company not required to be listed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act and (ii) those subsidiaries
of the Company formed following the last day of the most recently ended fiscal year, if any.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Termination
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the
NYSE American, (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Trading
Value means, with respect to the Companys Common Stock, the daily trading volume on the Companys primary Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg multiplied by the closing price of the Common Stock on such date.

Page 3 of 17 

Transfer
Agent means Pacific Stock Transfer Co., the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 725 Via Austi
Parkway, Suite 300, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Unit
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

Valuation
Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i)(4).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York, New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open
Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of
the Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrant
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).

Warrant Share Delivery
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Warrant
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Series A Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy
or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) such earlier
time comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise
as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is applicable and specified in the attached Notice of Exercise.The Company shall
have no obligation to inquire with respect to or otherwise confirm the authenticity of the signature(s) contained on any Notice
of Exercise nor the authority of the person so executing such Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder
has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise
is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal
to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading
Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of
the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

Page 4 of 17 

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.48, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

(c) Cashless
Exercise. If and only if at the time of any exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may be exercised, in whole
or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is
(1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading
hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day,
(ii) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two hours thereafter (including until two hours after the close of regular trading hours
on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise
were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take
any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

(i) Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of
the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery
of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by
the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the Notice of Exercise to the Company and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and the
aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date)
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company
by such date. Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder
of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant
Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant
Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date following payment of the aggregate Exercise Price by the Holder (other than in the case of cashless
exercise is received by the Company by such date), the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty,
for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery
Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise.

Page 5 of 17 

(ii) Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

(iii) Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to the Company
at any time prior to the delivery of such Warrant Shares.

(iv) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete information
provided by the Holder to the Company), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the
Company shall (A) provided that if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on the Trading Market or any over-the-counter
market (including OTC Pink or any successor) such price set forth in (y)(2) of this clause (A) is reasonably comparable to
a market price or prices in purchases and sales of the Common Stock occurring in the market on or close in time to the Trading Day on
which the Holders purchase occurred taking into account the volume of the Holders purchase, pay in cash to the Holder the
amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of
Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company
was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving
rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant
and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded)
or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise
and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover
a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000,
under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall
provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company,
evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. The obligation
of the Company to pay compensation for Buy-In under this Section 2(d)(iv) is subject to delivery by the Holder of the
aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with the terms of Section 2(a).

(v) No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

Page 6 of 17 

(vi) Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B
duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for
any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of
Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required
for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

(vii) Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this
Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and
of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise
shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned
by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case
subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination
and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except
to the extent the Holder relies on a number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
except to the extent the Holder relies on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company.. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the
SEC, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company
or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company
shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which
such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99%
(or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in
a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion
hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply
to a successor holder of this Warrant. If the Warrant is unexercisable as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
no alternate consideration is owing to the Holder.

Page 7 of 17 

(f) Reserved.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of
shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a
fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately
before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event,
and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price
of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time that this Warrant
is outstanding the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or
other property pro rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights),
then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the
Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant
(without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised
at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the
Holder has exercised this Warrant.

Page 8 of 17 

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in
one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock
or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other
than a stock split or stock dividend), or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates
a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement (other than a stock split or stock dividend) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power
of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this
Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on
the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it
is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable
at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor
Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of
this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction,
whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given
the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided,
further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction,
such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received shares of common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may
be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means
the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined
as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest
rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 30 day volatility as obtained
from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following
the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such
calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash
consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the VWAP immediately preceding the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier), (D) the
sum of the remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire
transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders
election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the holders of Warrants representing at least a majority of the shares of Common Stock
underlying the Warrants then outstanding without giving effect to any beneficial ownership limitations (the Required Holders)
and approved by the Required Holders (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the
Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance
of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

Page 9 of 17 

(e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may
be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given
date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f) Notice
to Holder.

(i) Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall
promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment; provided, however, that the
Company may satisfy this notice requirement in this Section 3(f) by filing such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(ii) Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form other than
a stock split or stock dividend) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a
redemption of the Common Stock (excluding any granting or issuance of rights to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant to a
stockholder rights plan), (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to
subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the
Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company
(or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange
whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice
stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants,
or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale,
transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common
Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any
defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.
To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date
of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Page 10 of 17 

(g) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term
of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Companys
Board of Directors.

(h) Stockholder
Approval. The Company shall file a proxy statement on Schedule 14A within fifteen (15) days of Closing and hold a special meeting
of stockholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of stockholders) (the Stockholder Meeting) at the earliest
practical date after the date following the filing thereof (and in no event later than 60 days after the Closing) (the Stockholder
Meeting Deadline) for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board
of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the
same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies
in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval. If, despite the Companys
reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder Meeting Deadline, the Company shall cause
an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held on or prior to the ninetieth (90th) calendar day following the failure to obtain Stockholder
Approval. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained after such subsequent stockholder
meetings, the Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held every ninety days thereafter until such Stockholder Approval
is obtained.

(i) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (such period, the Adjustment Period), the Company
issues, sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any option to purchase, or sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants
any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any offer, sale, grant, or any option to purchase or other disposition),
or, in accordance with this Section 3(i), is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such issue or sale or deemed issuance or sale (such Exercise Price then in effect is referred to as the Applicable
Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier,
the announcement) of such Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount (the New Exercise
Price) equal to the lower of (A) the New Issuance Price and (B) the lowest VWAP during the five (5) consecutive
Trading Days immediately following the Dilutive Issuance (such lower price, the Base Share Price) and the number
of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be proportionately increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the
Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged; provided that the Base Share Price shall not be
less than the Floor Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or more Dilutive Issuances occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval
Date such that the reduction of the Exercise Price was limited by clause (A) in the definition of the Floor Price, then effective
on the Stockholder Approval Date, the Exercise Price will automatically be reduced to equal the greater of (x) lowest Base Share
Price with respect to any Dilutive Issuance that occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval Date and (B) the Floor Price determined
in reference to clause (B) of the definition of the Floor Price, and in any such event the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder
shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding
shall remain unchanged. If the Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement; provided,
that, with respect to a Variable Rate Transaction that is an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, this Section 3(i) shall
apply to any issuances of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents thereunder rather than the entry into the agreement with respect thereto),
the Company shall be deemed to have issued shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible price, conversion
price, or exercise price at which such securities may be issued, converted, or exercised. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments
shall be made, paid, or issued under this Section 3(i) in respect of an Exempt Issuance (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement). For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Exercise Price has been adjusted pursuant to this Section 3(i) and
the Dilutive Issuance that triggered such adjustment does not occur, is not consummated, is unwound, or is canceled after the facts for
any reason whatsoever, in no event shall the Exercise Price be readjusted to the Exercise Price that would have been in effect if such
Dilutive Issuance had not occurred or been consummated. For all purposes of the foregoing, the following shall be applicable:

Page 11 of 17 

(1) Issuance
of Options. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company in any manner grants or sells any Options and the lowest price per share
for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any
convertible securities (Convertible Securities) issuable upon exercise of any such Option (such shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such exercise of any Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities, the Convertible
Securities Shares) is less than the Applicable Price, then such shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and
to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the granting or sale of such Option for such price per share. For purposes
of this Section 3(i)(1), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise
of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option
shall be equal to (A) the sum of (1) the lowest amount of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with
respect to any one Convertible Securities Share upon the granting or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion,
exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option and (2) the lowest exercise price set forth
in such Option for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise,
or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option, minus (B) the sum of all amounts paid or payable
to the holder of such Option (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share, upon the granting or sale of
such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise
of such Option plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Option
(or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities Share. Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the
Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share or of such Convertible Securities upon the
exercise of such Options or upon the actual issuance of such Convertible Securities Share upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of such
Convertible Securities.

(2) Issuance
of Convertible Securities. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company in any manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities
and the lowest price per share for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the conversion, exercise, or exchange thereof
is less than the Applicable Price, then such Convertible Securities Share shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and
sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. For the purposes of
this Section 3(i)(2), the lowest price per share for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon the conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof shall be equal to (A) the sum of (1) the lowest amount of consideration (if any) received
or receivable by the Company with respect to one Convertible Securities Share upon the issuance or sale of the Convertible Security and
upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of such Convertible Security and (2) the lowest conversion price set forth in such Convertible
Security for which one Convertible Securities Share is issuable upon conversion, exercise, or exchange thereof, minus (B) the sum
of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible
Securities Share, upon the issuance or sale of such Convertible Security plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable
by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person), with respect to any one Convertible Securities
Share. Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Convertible
Securities Share upon conversion, exercise, or exchange of such Convertible Securities, and if any such issue or sale of such Convertible
Securities is made upon exercise of any Options for which adjustment of the Exercise Price has been or is to be made pursuant to other
provisions of this Section 3(i)(2), except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be made
by reason of such issue or sale.

Page 12 of 17 

(3) Change
in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If, during the Adjustment Period, the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options,
the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Convertible Securities, or the
rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases or
decreases at any time (other than proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred
to in Section 3(a), the Exercise Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Exercise
Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for such increased or decreased
purchase price, additional consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time initially granted,
issued, or sold. For purposes of this Section 3(i)(3), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security that was outstanding
as of the date of issuance of this Warrant are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence,
then such Option or Convertible Security and the Convertible Securities Share deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion, or exchange
thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 3(i)(3) shall
be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Exercise Price then in effect.

(4) Calculation
of Consideration Received. If any Option or Convertible Security is issued in connection with the issuance or sale or deemed issuance
or sale of any other securities of the Company (the Primary Security, and such Option or Convertible Security, the
Secondary Securities and together with the Primary Security, each a Unit), together comprising
one integrated transaction, the aggregate consideration per share with respect to such Primary Security shall be deemed to be the lowest
of (x) the purchase price of such Unit, (y) if such Primary Security is an Option and/or Convertible Security, the lowest price
per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the Primary Security in accordance
with Section 3(i)(1) or 3(i)(2) above and (z) the lowest VWAP of the shares of Common Stock on any
Trading Day during the five (5) consecutive Trading Days immediately following the consummation (or, if applicable, the announcement)
of such Dilutive Issuance (for the avoidance of doubt, if such public announcement, if applicable, is released prior to the opening of
the Principal Market on a Trading Day, such Trading Day shall be the first Trading Day in such five (5) Trading Day period and if
this Warrant is exercised on any given Exercise Date during any such period, the Holder may elect to earlier end such period (including,
solely with respect to such portion of this Warrant exercised on such applicable Exercise Date)). If any shares of Common Stock, Options,
or Convertible Securities are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration received therefor will
be deemed to be the net amount of cash received by the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options, or Convertible Securities
are issued or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value
of such consideration, except where such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration
received by the Company for such securities will be the arithmetic average of the VWAPs of such security for each of the five (5) Trading
Days immediately preceding the date of receipt. If any shares of Common Stock, Options, or Convertible Securities are issued to the owners
of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor
will be deemed to be the fair market value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable
to such shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities (as the case may be). The fair market value of any consideration other
than cash or publicly traded securities will be determined jointly by the Company and the Holder. If such parties are unable to reach
agreement within ten (10) days after the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event),
the fair market value of such consideration will be determined within five (5) Trading Days after the tenth (10th) day following
such Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the Holder. The determination of such
appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne
by the Company.

Page 13 of 17 

(5) Record
Date. If, during the Adjustment Period, the Company takes a record of stockholders for the purpose of entitling them (A) to
receive a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options, or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe
for or purchase shares of Common Stock, Options, or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the
issue or sale of shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such
other distribution or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

(j) Share
Combination Event Adjustment. In addition to the adjustments set forth in Section 3(a) above, if at any time and
from time to time on or after the Issuance Date, there occurs any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, or reverse stock split,
recapitalization, or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Share Combination Event, and
such date thereof, the Share Combination Event Date) and the lowest VWAP during the period commencing five (5) consecutive
Trading Days immediately preceding and the five (5) consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Share Combination Event Date (the
Event Market Price) (provided if the Share Combination Event is effective after the close of trading on the
primary Trading Market, then commencing on the next Trading Day which period shall be the Share Combination Adjustment Period)
is less than the Exercise Price then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 3(a) above), then at
the close of trading on the primary Trading Market on the last day of the Share Combination Adjustment Period, the Exercise Price then
in effect on such fifth (5th) Trading Day shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event Market Price and the number of Warrant
Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the Issuance Date for the Warrant
Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the adjustment to the Exercise Price in this Section 3(k) shall
not reduce the Exercise Price below the Floor Price; provided further that notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or more Share
Combination Events occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval Date such that the reduction of the Exercise Price was limited by clause
(A) of the definition of the Floor Price, then effective on the Stockholder Approval Date, the Exercise Price will automatically
be reduced to equal the greater of (x) the lowest Event Market Price with respect to any Share Combination Event that occurred prior
to the Stockholder Approval Date, and (y) the Floor Price determined by reference to clause (B) of the definition of the Floor
Price, and in any such event the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price
of this Warrant on the Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if
the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase in the Exercise Price hereunder, no adjustment
shall be made, and if this Warrant is exercised, on any given Exercise Date during the Share Combination Adjustment Period, solely with
respect to such portion of this Warrant exercised on such applicable Exercise Date, such applicable Share Combination Adjustment Period
shall be deemed to have ended on, and included, the Trading Day immediately prior to such Exercise Date and the Event Market Price on
such applicable Exercise Date will be the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock immediately during such the Share Combination Adjustment Period
prior to such Exercise Date and ending on, and including the Trading Day immediately prior to such Exercise Date and (ii) all adjustments
pursuant to this Section 3(k) shall also be subject to Section 3(a) above, including any Event Market
Price. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the aggregate Exercise Price used in the determination of the increase
in Warrant Shares above shall be based on the aggregate Exercise Price on the Closing Date (reduced ratably for prior exercises), and
shall not be based on an aggregate Exercise Price resulting from a reduction in the Exercise Price without a proportionate increase in
the number of Warrant Shares (i.e., pursuant to this Section 3(k) or otherwise).

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

(a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any
registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or
its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B
duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such
transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the
name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly
be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant
to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant
in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares
without having a new Warrant issued.

Page 14 of 17 

(b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issuance Date of this Warrant
and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

(a) [Reserved].

(b) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein,
in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(c) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

(d) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

(e) Authorized
Shares.

The Company
covenants that, from the Initial Exercise Date and thereafter during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its
authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority
to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under
this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common
Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance
herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the
Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Page 15 of 17 

Except and
to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its
Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of
securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment (it being understood that this Warrant
shall not in any case prevent the Company from effecting any such amendment, reorganization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution,
issuance or sale). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant
Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such
action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant
Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions
or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations
under this Warrant.

Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise
Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(f) Governing
Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant
shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and any action relating to this Warrant shall only be
brought as provided in the Purchase Agreement.

(g) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(h) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right
to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully
and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall
pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise
enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(i) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

Page 16 of 17 

(k) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(l) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of the Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(m) Amendment
and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action
herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent
of the Required Holders. Any such amendment shall apply to all Warrants outstanding and be binding upon all registered holders of such
Warrants.

(n) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(o) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

Page 17 of 17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

PETROS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.v

By: 

Name: Fady Boctor

Title: President and Chief Commercial Officer

[Signature page to Series A Common
Stock Purchase Warrant]

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: PETROS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(1) The undersigned
hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in
full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take
the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said
Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the
following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

Name of Investing
Entity:

Signature of
Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized
Signatory:

Title of Authorized
Signatory:

Date:

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute
this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________
__, ______ 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm257154d1_ex4-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

SERIES B COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

PETROS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Warrant Shares: [*] Issuance Date: February 19, 2025

THIS
SERIES B COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [
] or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the
conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the first Trading Day following Stockholder Approval Date (such date, the Initial
Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York, New York time) on the one (1) year anniversary of the Initial
Exercise Date, provided that if such date is not a Trading Day, the immediately following Trading Day (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), up to [______] shares of Common Stock, the (Warrant Shares), subject to adjustment
hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.
Capitalized word and terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 17, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory
thereto.

Adjustment
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e).

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York,
New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open
Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the
Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to
the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Black
Scholes Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Bloomberg
means Bloomberg L.P., or any successor thereto.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(iv).

Page 1 of 17

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Certificate
of Incorporation means the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(c).

DWAC shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Event
Market Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exercise
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

Floor
Price means (A) prior to the Stockholder Approval Date, a price equal to $0.1465, and (B) effective beginning on
the Stockholder Approval Date, a price equal to $0.0586; which in each case shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock
split, stock combination, reclassification or similar event or transaction.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Holder
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Initial
Exercise Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Issuance
Date means the issuance date of this Warrant as set forth on the first page hereof.

Notice
of Exercise shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof), or other entity of any kind.

Purchase
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.

Purchase
Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(b).

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-284495).

Page 2 of 17

Required
Holders shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Combination Adjustment Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Share
Combination Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Share
Combination Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(i).

Standard Settlement
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Subsidiary
means all of the direct and indirect subsidiaries (individually, a Subsidiary) of the Company set forth on Exhibit 21
to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC except for (i) those
subsidiaries of the Company not required to be listed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act and (ii) those subsidiaries
of the Company formed following the last day of the most recently ended fiscal year, if any.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d).

Termination
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the
NYSE American, (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Trading
Value means, with respect to the Companys Common Stock, the daily trading volume on the Companys primary Trading
Market as reported by Bloomberg multiplied by the closing price of the Common Stock on such date.

Transfer
Agent means Pacific Stock Transfer Co., the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 725 Via Austi
Parkway, Suite 300, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York, New York time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York, New York time)), (ii) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common
Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open
Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the
Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to
the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrant
Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c).

Page 3 of 17

Warrant Share Delivery
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

Warrant
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Series B Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section 2. Exercise.

(a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy
or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) such earlier time
comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid,
the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise
by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below
is applicable and specified in the attached Notice of Exercise. For the avoidance of doubt, any reference to cashless exercise herein
shall include a reference to alternative cashless exercise.The Company shall have no obligation to inquire with respect to
or otherwise confirm the authenticity of the signature(s) contained on any Notice of Exercise nor the authority of the person so
executing such Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type
of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall
not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available
hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation
within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of
this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.
The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company
shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any
assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase
of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.48, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

(c) Cashless
Exercise. If and only if at the time of any exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may be exercised, in whole
or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is
(1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading
hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day,
(ii) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two hours thereafter (including until two hours after the close of regular trading hours
on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

Page 4 of 17

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Whether or not an
effective registration statement or prospectus is available, the Holder may also effect an alternative cashless exercise
at any time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date. In such event, the aggregate number of Warrant Shares issuable in such alternative
cashless exercise pursuant to any given Notice of Exercise electing to effect an alternative cashless exercise shall equal the product
of (i) the aggregate number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant if such exercise were by means
of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise, multiplied by (ii) 3.0. Such number of aggregate Warrant Shares issuable in such
alternative cashless exercise shall be proportionally adjusted in the event of any stock split, dividend, reclassification or any other
adjustment provided in Section 3(a) hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date,
this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c), provided that the
Stockholder Approval Date shall have occurred.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in any cashless exercise provided for under this Section 2(c), the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants
being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

(d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

(i) Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate,
registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the Notice of Exercise to the Company and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and the aggregate Exercise
Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date); provided that
payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date. Upon
delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant
Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided
that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery
Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share
Delivery Date following payment of the aggregate Exercise Price by the Holder (other than in the case of cashless exercise is received
by the Company by such date), the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000
of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10
per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading
Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees
to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As
used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days,
on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

Page 5 of 17

(ii) Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

(iii) Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to the Company
at any time prior to the delivery of such Warrant Shares.

(iv) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete information
provided by the Holder to the Company), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company
shall (A) provided that if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on the Trading Market or any over-the-counter market
(including OTC Pink or any successor) such price set forth in (y)(2) of this clause (A) is reasonably comparable to a market
price or prices in purchases and sales of the Common Stock occurring in the market on or close in time to the Trading Day on which the
Holders purchase occurred taking into account the volume of the Holders purchase, pay in cash to the Holder the amount,
if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock
so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to
deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase
obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of
Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations
hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to
an attempted exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of
the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written
notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount
of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to
timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. The obligation of the Company
to pay compensation for Buy-In under this Section 2(d)(iv) is subject to delivery by the Holder of the aggregate Exercise
Price in accordance with the terms of Section 2(a).

(v) No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

(vi) Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment form substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed
by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax
incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees
to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic
delivery of the Warrant Shares.

(vii) Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

Page 6 of 17

(e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after
exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance
therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this
Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and
of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise
shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by
the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination
and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to
the extent the Holder relies on a number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination
and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to
the extent the Holder relies on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. For purposes of this
Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the SEC, as the case
may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within one
(1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder
prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the
issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may increase
or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which
may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor
holder of this Warrant. If the Warrant is unexercisable as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, no alternate
consideration is owing to the Holder.

(f) Reserved.

Page 7 of 17

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. In addition to any adjustment provided under Section 2(c), if the Company, at any time while this
Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock
or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include
any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company,
then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall
be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant
to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time that this Warrant
is outstanding the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other
property pro rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder
could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of
which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

Page 8 of 17

(d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one
or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the
Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares
for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater
than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant
to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than a stock split
or stock dividend), or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger
or scheme of arrangement (other than a stock split or stock dividend) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person
or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity
of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall
have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence
of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the
exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is
the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable
at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor
Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this
Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction,
whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given
the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further,
that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders
of Common Stock will be deemed to have received shares of common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company
following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this
Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the
day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding
to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 30 day volatility as obtained from the HVT function
on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the
greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any,
being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the VWAP immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier), (D) the sum of the remaining
option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the
Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately
available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election and (ii) the
date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which
the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company
under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the holders of Warrants representing at least a majority of the shares of Common Stock underlying
the Warrants then outstanding without giving effect to any beneficial ownership limitations (the Required Holders)
and approved by the Required Holders (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the
Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had
been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(d) regardless
of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether
a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

Page 9 of 17

(e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may
be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given
date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(f) Notice
to Holder.

(i) Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall
promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to
the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment; provided, however, that the Company
may satisfy this notice requirement in this Section 3(f) by filing such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on
Form 8-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(ii) Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form other than
a stock split or stock dividend) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a
redemption of the Common Stock (excluding any granting or issuance of rights to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant to a
stockholder rights plan), (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe
for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall
be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its
Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the
Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile
or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date
on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not
to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or
share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein
or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent
that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder
shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event
triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Page 10 of 17

(g) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term
of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Companys
Board of Directors.

(h) Stockholder
Approval. The Company shall file a proxy statement on Schedule 14A within fifteen (15) days of Closing and hold a special meeting
of stockholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of stockholders) (the Stockholder Meeting) at the earliest
practical date after the date following the filing thereof (and in no event later than 60 days after the Closing) (the Stockholder
Meeting Deadline) for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of
Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same
manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in
favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval. If, despite the Companys
reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder Meeting Deadline, the Company shall cause
an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held on or prior to the ninetieth (90th) calendar day following the failure to obtain Stockholder
Approval. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained after such subsequent stockholder
meetings, the Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held every ninety days thereafter until such Stockholder Approval
is obtained.

(i) Share
Combination Event Adjustment. In addition to the adjustments set forth in Section 3(a) above, if at any time and
from time to time on or after the Issuance Date, there occurs any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, or reverse stock split,
recapitalization, or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Share Combination Event, and such
date thereof, the Share Combination Event Date) and the lowest VWAP during the period commencing five (5) consecutive
Trading Days immediately preceding and the five (5) consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Share Combination Event Date (the
Event Market Price) (provided if the Share Combination Event is effective after the close of trading on the
primary Trading Market, then commencing on the next Trading Day which period shall be the Share Combination Adjustment Period)
is less than the Exercise Price then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 3(a) above), then at
the close of trading on the primary Trading Market on the last day of the Share Combination Adjustment Period, the Exercise Price then
in effect on such fifth (5th) Trading Day shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event Market Price and the number of Warrant
Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on the Issuance Date for the Warrant
Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the adjustment to the Exercise Price in this Section 3(i) shall
not reduce the Exercise Price below the Floor Price; provided further that notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or more Share
Combination Events occurred prior to the Stockholder Approval Date such that a reduction of the Exercise Price was limited by clause (A) of
the definition of the Floor Price, then effective on the Stockholder Approval Date, the Exercise Price will automatically be reduced to
equal the greater of (x) the lowest Event Market Price with respect to any Share Combination Event that occurred prior to the Stockholder
Approval Date, and (y) the Floor Price determined by reference to clause (B) of the definition of the Floor Price, and in any
such event the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant on
the Issuance Date for the Warrant Shares then outstanding shall remain unchanged. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the adjustment
in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase in the Exercise Price hereunder, no adjustment shall be made,
and if this Warrant is exercised, on any given Exercise Date during the Share Combination Adjustment Period, solely with respect to such
portion of this Warrant exercised on such applicable Exercise Date, such applicable Share Combination Adjustment Period shall be deemed
to have ended on, and included, the Trading Day immediately prior to such Exercise Date and the Event Market Price on such applicable
Exercise Date will be the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock immediately during such the Share Combination Adjustment Period prior to such
Exercise Date and ending on, and including the Trading Day immediately prior to such Exercise Date and (ii) all adjustments pursuant
to this Section 3(i) shall also be subject to Section 3(a) above, including any Event Market Price.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the aggregate Exercise Price used in the determination of the increase
in Warrant Shares above shall be based on the aggregate Exercise Price on the Closing Date (reduced ratably for prior exercises), and
shall not be based on an aggregate Exercise Price resulting from a reduction in the Exercise Price without a proportionate increase in
the number of Warrant Shares (i.e., pursuant to this Section 3(i) or otherwise).

Page 11 of 17

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

(a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the
assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading
Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly
assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issuance Date of this Warrant
and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

(a) [Reserved].

(b) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein,
in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(c) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

Page 12 of 17

(d) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

(e) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, from the Initial Exercise Date and thereafter during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase
rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers
who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The
Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without
violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed.
The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect
of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its Certificate
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment (it being understood that this Warrant shall not in any
case prevent the Company from effecting any such amendment, reorganization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issuance or
sale). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above
the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may
be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents
from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under
this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(f) Governing
Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and any action relating to this Warrant shall only be brought
as provided in the Purchase Agreement.

(g) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

Page 13 of 17

(h) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right to
exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully
and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall
pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing
any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(i) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

(k) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(l) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of the Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(m) Amendment
and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action
herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent
of the Required Holders. Any such amendment shall apply to all Warrants outstanding and be binding upon all registered holders of such
Warrants.

(n) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

(o) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

Page 14 of 17

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

PETROS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: 

Name: Fady Boctor

Title: President and Chief Commercial Officer

[Signature page to Series B Common
Stock Purchase Warrant]

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: PETROS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take
the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the provisions of subsection 2(c),
to exercise this Warrant pursuant to the alternative cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said
Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date:

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm257154d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is entered into and made effective as of February 17, 2025, between Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including
its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act) as to the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Series A Warrants, and the Series B
Warrants (each as defined herein) (collectively, the Securities), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser,
and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, the Securities of the Company as provided in this
Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In
addition to the words and terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following words and terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agreement
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

BHCA shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ii).

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

BSA/PATRIOT
Act shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(e).

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day that is
not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York, NY time) and before midnight (New York, NY time) on a Trading Day).

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time shares of Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares of
Common Stock.

Common Warrants
means, collectively, Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants.

Company
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Company
Counsel means Haynes and Boone, LLP, counsel to the Company.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York, NY time)
and before midnight (New York, NY time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York, NY time) on the Trading Day immediately following
the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between
midnight (New York, NY time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York, NY time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York, NY time)
on the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

DVP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

DWAC shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a)(ii).

EDGAR means
the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval System.

ERISA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(i).

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (i) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units, or options, including the shares of
Common Stock underlying the restricted stock units or options, to employees, officers, directors, or consultants of the Company pursuant
to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority
of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (ii) Common
Stock issued upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Warrants issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement provided that such securities
have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price, or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations or anti-dilution provisions
contained therein as disclosed in the SEC Reports and the Prospectus) or to extend the term of such securities or securities issuable
in connection with a transaction involving the Company and existing stockholders in which the Company offers the existing stockholders
the option to exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities of the Company, (iii), securities issued pursuant to merger,
acquisition, or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such
securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require
or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein,
and provided, further that any such issuance shall only be to a Person that (or to the equity holders of a Person) which
is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company, or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the
Company and in which the Company receives benefits in addition to any investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which
the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in
securities, (iv) securities for settlement of outstanding payables or liabilities provided that such securities are issued
as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing
of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein, and (v) up
to $1,400,000.00 of Securities issued to other purchasers concurrently with the Closing pursuant to the Prospectus.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(l).

FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

Federal Reserve
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a)(ii).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(z).

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f).

IT Systems
and Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Money
Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

Non-cooperative
Jurisdiction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(j).

OFAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(gg).

Offering
shall mean the offering of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement and the Registration Statement.

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $0.24, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar events with respect to shares of Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing;
provided that the purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means Dawson James Securities, Inc.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means the Pre-Funded Warrants delivered to certain of the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a)(iii) hereof
to the extent any Purchasers elect to receive Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable into
shares of Common Stock and shall be in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable
beginning on the Initial Exercise Date (as defined therein) until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants have been exercised, and shall be exercisable
at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Preliminary
Prospectus means any preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as originally filed or as part of any amendment
thereto, or filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the
Securities Act.

Pricing
Prospectus means (i) the Preliminary Prospectus relating to the Securities that was included in the Registration Statement
immediately prior to [ ] p.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof and (ii) any free writing prospectus (as defined in the
Securities Act) identified on Schedule A hereto, taken together.

Pre-Settlement
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.21.

Pre-Settlement
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.21.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or a partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Product
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

Prospectus
means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Purchaser
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-1 filed with SEC (File No. 333-284495) which registers
the sale of the Securities to the Purchasers, and shall include the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement if applicable.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to
time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to
time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Securities, which was filed with
the SEC on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by the SEC pursuant
to the Securities Act, if applicable.

SEC
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series A
Warrants means the Common Stock Purchase Warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a)(iv) hereof,
which Series A Warrants shall be exercisable into shares of Common Stock and shall be in the form of Exhibit B attached
hereto, which Series A Warrants shall be exercisable beginning on the Initial Exercise Date (as defined therein), have a term of
five years from the Initial Exercise Date, and shall be exercisable at an exercise price of $0.48 per share.

Series B
Warrants means the Common Stock Purchase Warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a)(v) hereof,
which Series B Warrants shall be exercisable into shares of Common Stock and shall be in the form of Exhibit C attached
hereto, which Series B Warrants shall be exercisable beginning on the Initial Exercise Date (as defined therein), have a term of
one (1) year from the Initial Exercise Date, and shall be exercisable at an exercise price of $0.48 per share.

Stockholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
(or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to (i) reduction to the applicable floor price in the
Warrants inapplicable, (ii) adjustment terms in the Warrants, (iii) issuance of all of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise
the Warrants in accordance with their terms (including adjustment provisions set forth therein), and (iv) to consent to any adjustment
to the exercise price or, number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants in the event of a Share Combination Event or Dilutive
Issuance (as defined in the Warrants).

Stockholder
Approval Date means the Trading Day that Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock which are issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Shell
Bank shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(h).

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not
be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants (in lieu of Shares)
and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next
to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (minus, if applicable, a
Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants
are exercised for cash).

Subsidiary
of any person means all of the direct and indirect subsidiaries (individually, a Subsidiary) of the Company set forth
on Exhibit 21 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC
except for (i) those subsidiaries of the Company not required to be listed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act and
(ii) those subsidiaries of the Company formed following the last day of the most recently ended fiscal year, if any.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the shares of Common Stock are listed or quoted for trading
on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange,
or the NYSE American (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Pacific Stock Transfer Co., the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 725 Via Austi
Parkway, Suite 300, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

Warrants
means, collectively, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Series A Warrants and the Series B Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.

(a) On the Closing Date,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate
of $8,200,000.00 of the Shares and/or the Pre-Funded Warrants and the corresponding Warrants subscribed for by such Purchaser. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchasers Subscription
Amount (together with such Purchasers Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such
Purchasers Affiliates) would cause such Purchasers beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock to exceed the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, such Purchaser may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of the
Shares as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a). The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or,
with respect to each Purchaser, at the election of the Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Shares on the Closing Date. In each case, the election to receive Pre-Funded Warrants
is solely at the option of the Purchaser. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed
by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) settlement with the Company
or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants, and accompanying Series A
Warrants and Series B Warrants, to such Purchaser and as indicated on such Purchasers signature page hereto and determined
based on its respective Subscription Amount and election for Shares and/or Pre-Funded Warrants, and the Company and each Purchaser shall
deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions
set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur remotely by electronic transfer of the Transaction Documents
and other items deliverable hereunder. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via DVP
(i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses, and the Shares
shall be released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt
of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor
shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company).

(b) Each Purchaser acknowledges
that, concurrently with the Closing and pursuant to the Prospectus, the Company may sell up to $1,400,000.00 of additional Securities
to purchasers not party to this Agreement, less the aggregate Subscription Amount pursuant to this Agreement, and will issue to such purchasers
such additional Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu thereof, if applicable, and Common Warrants, in the same form and at the same Per
Share Purchase Price as issued to a Purchaser.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On or prior to the
Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement duly
executed by the Company;

(ii) a copy of the irrevocable
instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit
or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the
Per Share Purchase Price (minus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Purchasers Pre-Funded Warrant,
if applicable), registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(iii) a Series A Common
Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 25% of the sum of such
Purchasers Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares;

(iv) a Series B Common
Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of the sum of such
Purchasers Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares;

(v) for each Purchaser
of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to the Prefunded Warrants
divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001, subject to adjustment therein;

(vi) a legal opinion of
Company Counsel and a legal opinion of the Companys intellectual property counsel, each in a form reasonably acceptable to the
Placement Agent;

(vii) a good standing certificate
or its equivalent of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in each such entitys jurisdiction of incorporation or formation issued
by the relevant competent state or local government authority or registrar of companies or entities as applicable, dated as of a date
within ten (10) days of the Closing Date;

(viii) a certificate executed
by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit D;

(ix) a certificate executed
by the Secretary of the Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit E;

(x) the Companys
wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer; and

(xi) the Prospectus (which
may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On or prior to the
Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such Purchasers
Subscription Amount (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid
as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash), which shall be made available for DVP settlement with the Company or its
designees.

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) Subject
to Section 5.21 below, as applicable, the obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject
to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy
in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in
all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless such
representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the
extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations,
covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery
by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) Subject
to Section 5.21 below, as applicable, the respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing
are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy
in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in
all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless such representation
or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations
or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations,
covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery
by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there shall
have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date of this Agreement and to the Closing Date;

(vi) from the
date of this Agreement to the Closing Date, trading in the shares of Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC or any Trading
Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been
suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on
any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall
there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in
its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing; and

(vii) no stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment thereto, has been issued under the Securities
Act.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and
Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties
to each Purchaser as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be
accurate as of such date):

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in
the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and, if applicable under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are formed, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as currently conducted. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default
of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation or association, bylaws or other organizational or
charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a
material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company
and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material
respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse
Effect); provided that a change in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed,
in and of itself, to constitute a Material Adverse Effect. No Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting
or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors, or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the
issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not
(i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation
or association, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) except as set forth in the SEC Reports, conflict with,
or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of
any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,
credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company
or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject
to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or
other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state
securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the
case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant
to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the SEC of the Pricing Prospectus and of the Prospectus, (iii) application(s) to
each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and the Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required
thereby, (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, (v) the filing and mailing of
a proxy statement on Schedule 14A in connection with the Stockholder Approval, and (vi) the consent of holders of the Companys
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Warrants
are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will constitute valid and legally
binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. The Warrant Shares are duly authorized
and, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants against payment therefor as provided therein, will be validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants (without taking into account any limitations
on the exercise of the Warrants set forth therein). The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the
requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on February 14, 2025, including the Prospectus, and such amendments and
supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities
Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of
the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued by the SEC and no Proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to
the knowledge of the Company, are threatened in writing by the SEC. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the
SEC, shall file the Prospectus with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto
became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed
and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading;
and the Pricing Prospectus, the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the
requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

All references in this Agreement to
the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Prospectus, the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements to any
of the foregoing, shall be deemed to include any copy thereof filed with the SEC on EDGAR.

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also
include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. The
Company has not issued any capital stock or Common Stock Equivalents since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act, other than (i) pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or vesting and settlement of restricted stock units under
the Companys stock option or equity incentive plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to any employee
stock purchase plans, (ii) pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the
most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, and (iii) except as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports. Except as
set forth in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right
to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities
and set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any
character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving
any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or the capital stock of any Subsidiary,
or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional
shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not
obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or other securities to any Person (other
than the Purchasers). Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any
Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts, and the issuance and sale of the Securities will not result in a right of any holder of Company
securities or instruments to adjust, the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities or instruments upon
an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding securities
or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such
Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar
plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws where applicable, and none of such outstanding shares was issued
in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals, no
further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities.
There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock
to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof
and the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284495), for the one (1) year preceding the date of this Agreement
(or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the
exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer
subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply
in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as
in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified
in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required
by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and
for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The selected financial data set forth under the caption Selected Financial Data
in the SEC Reports fairly present, on the basis stated in such SEC Reports, the information included therein. The agreements and documents
described in the Registration Statement and the SEC Reports conform in all material aspects to the descriptions thereof contained therein
and there are no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder to be described
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the SEC Reports or to be filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Registration Statement,
that have not been so described or filed.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed
in filings made with the SEC, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared
or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase
or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate,
except pursuant to existing Company stock option or equity incentive plans. The Company does not have pending before the SEC any request
for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in
Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to
occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets
or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation
is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there is no Proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting
the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency
or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity
or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer
thereof, is or has been the subject of any Proceeding involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, which could result in a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company or any current or former director
or officer of the Company. The SEC has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement
filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. No executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, to the knowledge of the Company, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign
laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where
the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no
event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any
Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation
of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties
is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any
court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation
of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) and comparable foreign regulators, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, state unfair trade practice
laws and rules and foreign equivalents, taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety
and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of Proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit.

(n) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which
is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material
respects.

(o) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement,
except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since
the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any
knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably
be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable
and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have
taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where
failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(p) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able
to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(q) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(q), none of the executive officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, executive officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any executive
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any executive officer, director, or any such
employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in , in each case in excess of
1% of the Companys average total assets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting
fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
including equity award or option agreements under any equity incentive plan of the Company.

(r) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date of this Agreement and applicable to the Company and the Subsidiaries,
and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder that are effective as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date and applicable to the Company and the Subsidiaries. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements
general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SECs
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls
and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the Companys most recently filed periodic
report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, since the Evaluation Date, there
have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and
its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting
of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(s) Certain
Fees. Except as set forth in the Prospectus, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company
or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with
respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Other than for Persons directly engaged by a Purchaser, if any,
the Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for
fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(t) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(u) Registration
Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any
securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(v) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange
Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor, except as set forth in the SEC Reports, has the Company received any notification
that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the twelve
(12) months preceding the date of this Agreement, received notice from any Trading Market on which the shares of Common Stock are or have
been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading
Market. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation)
in connection with such electronic transfer.

(w) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its jurisdiction
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(x) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the 12 months
preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or
warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(y) No Integrated
Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the
Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales
of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this Offering of the Securities to be
integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on
which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(z) Solvency.
Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of
the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the
fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys
existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do
not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital
needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital
requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company
would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient
to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur
debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect
of its debt). Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction
within one (1) year from the Closing Date. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus sets forth as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date, respectively, all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for
which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any
liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) (other than trade accounts payable
incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness
of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto),
except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of
business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) due under leases required
to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(aa) Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and franchise taxes
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has
paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes
for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(bb) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment
to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(cc) Accountants.
The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. To the
knowledge of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall
express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024.

(dd) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ee) Acknowledgement
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has
been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities
of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
shares of Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms
length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or
more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such
hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the
time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute
a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(ff) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any
action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company.

(gg) Office of
Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(hh) U.S. Real
Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of
Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(ii) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a
bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(jj) Money Laundering.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable United States federal
and state and foreign money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws), and no Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving
the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary,
threatened.

(kk) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received
all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and
(iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(ll) Food and
Drug Regulations. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, and the
regulations thereunder (the FDCA), that is manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Product), such Product is being manufactured, packaged,
labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar
laws, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or
as is disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. Except as disclosed in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus,
there is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, Proceeding against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication arising from or relating
to FDCA or similar laws, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution
of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Product, (ii) withdraws
its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional
materials relating to, any Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
(iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent
decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws,
rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including FDCA), and which, either individually or in the aggregate,
would have or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have
been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable Food and Drug Regulations. The Company has not
been informed by the FDA that FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be
developed, produced or marketed by the Company.

(mm) Stock Option
Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy
or practice to knowingly grant, stock options or awards prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options or awards
with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results
or prospects.

(nn) Cybersecurity.
There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data)
that would reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (i) the Company and
the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result
in, any material security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently
in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or
governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented
and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous
operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup
and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

3.2 Representations and
Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date
of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall
be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by
applicable law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2),
(a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8), (a)(9), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer
as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto), and the SEC Reports including the Prospectus and, has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions
as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the
offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company
and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate
its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without
unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser
acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any
information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent
nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the
Placement Agent and any Affiliate of the Placement Agent may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which such
Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement
Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

(f) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received
a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material pricing terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by
the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made
to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(g) Ownership
of Company Securities. Except as disclosed in writing to the Company as of the date of this Agreement, no Purchaser, any of its Affiliates,
or any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Purchasers for purposes
of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, including any group
of which the Purchaser is a member, directly or indirectly owns, beneficially or otherwise (including solely with respect to an economic
interest), any of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or any other shares of capital stock, options, warrants, derivative securities,
rights or any other securities (including any securities convertible into, exchangeable for or that represent the right to receive securities)
of the Company.

(h) Nature
of Warrants. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Warrants will not be immediately exercisable upon issuance, that the Purchaser may
only exercise the Warrants beginning on the applicable Initial Exercise Date, and that the Warrants shall be subject to the Company complying
with applicable rules and regulations of the Trading Market including those relating to the Stockholder Approval Date (as defined
in the Warrants). The Purchaser further acknowledges that while the Company believes the Warrants are compliant with the rules and
regulations of the Trading Market, neither the Company nor the Placement Agent provide any representation, warranty or guarantee that
the Warrants or, based on the Warrants, the Offering are compliant with such rules and regulations and that the Trading Market may
require amendment to the terms of the Warrants in order to comply with its rules and regulations, and the Purchaser covenants and
agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company and the Placement Agent in good faith in connection with any amendment or other action
with respect to the Warrants that may be required by the Trading Market in the event that the Warrants are deemed to be non-compliant
with such rules and regulations by the Trading Market. The Purchaser further acknowledges that the Warrants will not be listed or
quoted for trading on any securities exchange or quotation system and will not be publicly traded.

(i) Sanctioned
Persons; BSA/PATRIOT Act. Purchaser is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of (in connection with this Agreement), a Sanctioned
Person. Purchaser is not an institution that accepts currency for deposit and that (i) has no physical presence in the jurisdiction
in which it is incorporated or in which it is operating and (ii) is unaffiliated with a regulated financial group that is subject
to consolidated supervision (a Shell Bank) or providing banking services to a Shell Bank. Purchaser represents that
if it is a financial institution subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. Section 5311 et seq.), as amended by the USA PATRIOT
Act of 2001 and its implementing regulations (collectively, the BSA/PATRIOT Act), that Purchaser maintains policies
and procedures reasonably designed to comply with applicable obligations under the BSA/PATRIOT Act. Purchaser also represents that, to
the extent required by applicable law, it maintains, either directly or through the use of a third-party administrator, policies, and
procedures reasonably designed for the screening of any investors in the Purchaser against Sanctions-related lists of blocked or restricted
persons. Purchaser further represents and warrants that (A) the funds held by Purchaser and used to purchase the Securities were
not directly or indirectly derived from or related to any activities that may contravene U.S. federal, state, or non-U.S. anti-money laundering,
anti-corruption, or Sanctions laws and regulations or activities that may otherwise be deemed criminal and (B) any returns from the
Purchasers investment will not be used to finance any illegal activities. For purposes of this Agreement, Sanctioned
Person means at any time any person or entity with whom dealings are restricted, prohibited, or sanctionable under any Sanctions
(as defined below), including as a result of being: (I) listed on any Sanctions-related list of designated or blocked or restricted
persons; (II) that is a national of, the government of, or any agency or instrumentality of the government of, or resident in, or
organized under the laws of, a country or territory that is the target of comprehensive Sanctions from time to time (as of the date of
this Agreement, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea region); or (III) a relationship of ownership, control, or agency
with any of the foregoing. Sanctions means those trade, economic and financial sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes,
and restrictive measures (in each case having the force of law) administered, enacted, or enforced from time to time by (1) the United
States (including without limitation the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State,
and the U.S. Department of Commerce), (2) the European Union and enforced by its member states, (3) the United Nations, and
(4) the United Kingdom.

(j) Non-cooperative
Jurisdiction. Purchaser is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of (in connection with this Agreement), a person or entity
resident in, or whose funds used to purchase the Securities are transferred from or through, a country, territory, or entity that (i) has
been designated as non-cooperative with international anti-money laundering or counter terrorist financing principles or procedures by
the United States or by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force, of which the United States
is a member; (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the
Treasury; or (iii) has been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act as warranting
special measures due to money laundering concerns (any such country or territory, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction),
or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction.

(k) ERISA.
If Purchaser is an employee benefit plan that is subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
(ERISA), a plan, an individual retirement account or other arrangement that is subject to section 4975 of the Code
or an employee benefit plan that is a governmental plan (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA), a church plan (as defined in section 3(33)
of ERISA), a non-U.S. plan (as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), or other plan that is not subject to the foregoing but may
be subject to provisions under any other federal, state, local, non-U.S., or other laws or regulations that are similar to such provisions
of ERISA or the Code, or an entity whose underlying assets are considered to include plan assets of any such plan, account
or arrangement subject to the fiduciary or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, Purchaser represents
and warrants that the acquisition and holding of the Securities will not result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations
contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other
document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty,
or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Warrant Shares.
If all or any portion of the Warrants are exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the issuance
or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrants are exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such
exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration
statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale
of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration statement is
not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available
for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company
to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company
shall use best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale of the
Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2 Furnishing of Information.
Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities and (ii) the Common Warrants have expired, the Company
covenants to use its reasonable efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof
and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange
Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, except
in the event that the Company consummates: (A) any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person
(together with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting
control of the Company; (B) a merger or reorganization of the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not
the surviving entity; or (C) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.

4.3 Integration. The
Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2
of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations
of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder
approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction, other than the Stockholder Approval.

4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure;
Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions
contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with
the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the
Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation,
the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance
of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement,
whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates
or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on
the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be
relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor
any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company,
with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release
of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case
the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with
the SEC or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by
federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the SEC and (b) to the extent such disclosure
is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure
permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5 Stockholder Rights
Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is
an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Non-Public Information.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be
disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will
provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes,
material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed
with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the
foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not
have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees
or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or
Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable
law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC on a Current Report on Form 8-K
or shall issue a press release containing such material non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser
shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use of Proceeds.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for the purposes set forth in the Prospectus, and shall
not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables
in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8 Indemnification of
Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents,
members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable and documented attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party
may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (i) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or Prospectus or by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (other than untrue
statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating to a Purchaser Party furnished
in writing by or on behalf of such Purchaser Party expressly for use in the Registration Statement or Prospectus), or (iii) any Proceeding
instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity (including a Purchaser Partys status as an investor), or any of them or
their respective Affiliates, by the Company or any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, arising
out of or relating to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material
breach of any of the representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any violations made by such Purchaser
Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by a Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud,
gross negligence or willful misconduct). For avoidance of doubt, the indemnification provided herein is intended to and shall also cover,
direct claims brought by the Company against the Purchaser Parties; provided, however, that such indemnification shall not cover any loss,
claim, damage or liability to the extent it is finally judicially determined to be attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach
of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in any Transaction Document or any conduct
by a Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. If any Proceeding
shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party
shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, except with respect to direct claims brought by the Company, the Company shall have
the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party
shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically
authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to
employ counsel or (iii) in such Proceeding there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the applicable Purchaser Party (which
may be internal counsel), a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser
Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel.
The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without
the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to
the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made. The indemnification and other payment obligations required by this Section 4.8 shall be
made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation, defense, collection, enforcement or action, as
and when bills are received or are incurred; provided, that if any Purchaser Party is finally judicially determined not to be entitled
to indemnification or payment under this Section 4.8, such Purchaser Party shall promptly reimburse the Company for any payments
that are advanced under this sentence. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar
right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9 Reservation of Shares
of Common Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available
at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue
the Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants, including but not limited to, a number
of shares of Common Stock sufficient to honor the issuance of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable assuming exercise
in full of the Series B Warrants via an alternative cashless exercise at the Floor Price (as defined thereunder) under
Section 2(c) of the Series B Warrants.

4.10 Listing of Shares;
Stockholder Approval. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the
Shares and Warrant Shares on each Trading Market on which any shares of Common Stock are currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing,
the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Markets and promptly secure the listing
of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Markets. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the shares
of Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and
will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading
Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its
shares of Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other
obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for
electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by
timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic
transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.10 shall not apply in the event that
the Company consummates: (i) any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its
Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the
Company; (ii) a merger or reorganization of the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving
entity; or (iii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. In addition, the Company shall file a proxy statement
on Schedule 14A within fifteen (15) days of Closing and hold a special meeting of stockholders (which may also be at the annual meeting
of stockholders) at the earliest practical date after the date following the filing thereof (and in no event later than 60 days after
the Closing) for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that
such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all
other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such
proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval. If, despite the Companys reasonable
best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder Meeting Deadline, the Company shall cause an additional
Stockholder Meeting to be held on or prior to the ninetieth (90th) calendar day following the failure to obtain Stockholder Approval.
If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained after such subsequent stockholder meetings,
the Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held every ninety days thereafter until such Stockholder Approval is obtained.

4.11 Subsequent Equity
Sales.

(a) From the
date hereof until forty-five (45) days after the Stockholder Approval Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue,
enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents,
or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than (x) with respect to the Registration
Statement or otherwise in connection with the Offering or (y) a registration statement on Form S-8.

(b) From the
date hereof until one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Stockholder Approval Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting
or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
(or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction
in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for,
or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate
or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after
the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being
reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security (other than in connection with a stock split or stock
dividend or similar event) or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of
the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but
not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether
shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled. The Purchaser
shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to
any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.12 Equal Treatment of
Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend
or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered to
all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each
Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class
and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting
of Securities or otherwise.

4.13 Certain Transactions
and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting
on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written
or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers
assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that
made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement
or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors,
employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this
transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing
contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares
in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

.

4.14 Exercise Procedures.
The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants sets forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order
to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise
their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Warrants. The
Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods
set forth in the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated by (a) any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect
whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties or (b) by the
Company by written notice to the Purchasers, if, in either case, the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading
Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party hereto to
sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees and Expenses.
Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers,
counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any
fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser),
stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire Agreement.
The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus, contain the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices. Any and
all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given and effective on the earliest of: (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior
to 5:30 p.m. (New York, NY time) on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice
or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature
pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York, NY time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the
second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon
actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set
forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of
an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and, if any, Pre-Funded Warrants,
based on the Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by
the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers)
shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed
to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement
hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.
Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the
Company.

5.6 Headings. The headings
herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof.

5.7 Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may
not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger).
Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities,
provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction
Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 Third-Party Beneficiaries.
The Placement Agent shall be a third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 3.1 and the
representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any
other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court,
that such Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service
of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight
delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit
in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Proceeding to enforce any provisions
of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such
Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

5.10 Survival. The
representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for the applicable statute
of limitations.

5.11 Execution. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were
an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal
Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction
Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not
timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion
from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to
its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of an exercise of an Warrant, the applicable
Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently (if such shares
were delivered to the applicable Purchaser) with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for
such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including,
issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14 Replacement of Securities.
If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to
be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor,
a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction.
The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including
customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies. In addition
to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and
the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Proceeding for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16 Payment Set Aside.
To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces
or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are
subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded,
repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation
or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not
been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent Nature
of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not
joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 Liquidated Damages.
The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing
obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding
the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall
have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.20 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party
shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward share splits,
share dividends, share combinations and other similar events with respect to the shares of Common Stock and Warrants that occur after
the date of this Agreement.

5.21 Sales During Pre-Settlement
Period. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the
Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately prior to a Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period),
such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of any Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively,
the Pre-Settlement Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions
by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally
bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver
any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder;
and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant
by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any Shares to any Person and that any
such decision to sell any Shares by such Purchaser shall be made, in the sole discretion of such Purchaser, at the time such Purchaser
elects to effect any such sale, if any.

5.22 WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY
AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY
WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

PETROS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Address for Notice:

By: 

Name: E-Mail: 

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO PTPI
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser (and delivery of Warrants):

Address for Delivery of Applicable Securities to Purchaser (if not
same as address for notice):

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: (if applicable) _________________

Pre-Funded
Warrants: (if applicable)___________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99%
or 9.99%

Series A
Warrants: __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 
9.99%

Series B
Warrants: __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN Number: _______________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed
to purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the
Closing shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated
by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed
of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead
be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate
or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

EXHIBIT A

[***]

EXHIBIT B

[***]

EXHIBIT C

[***]

EXHIBIT D

[***]

EXHIBIT E

[***]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm257154d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Petros Pharmaceuticals Announces Pricing of
$9.6 Million Public Offering of Common Stock and Warrants

NEW YORK, NY- February 18, 2025 (ACCESS Newswire)
- Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTPI) ("Petros" or the "Company"), a company focused on expanding consumer
access to medication through over-the-counter ("OTC") drug development programs, today announced the pricing of a public offering
of approximately 40,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock (Common Stock), par value $0.0001 per share (or pre-funded
warrants in lieu thereof), with each share of Common Stock (or pre-funded warrant) accompanied by (i) a Series A Warrant to
purchase 0.25 share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.48 per 0.25 share (Series A Warrant) and (ii) a
Series B Warrant to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.48 per share (Series B Warrant).
The combined public offering price of each share of Common Stock together with the accompanying Series A Warrant and Series B
Warrant is $0.24, and the combined public offering price of each pre-funded warrant together with the accompanying Series A Warrant
and Series B Warrant is $0.2399, which represents the per share offering price for the Common Stock less the $0.0001 per share exercise
price for each pre-funded warrant. The closing of the public offering is expected to occur on or about February 19, 2025, subject
to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Dawson James Securities, Inc. is acting as
the exclusive placement agent for the public offering.

The gross proceeds of the public offering are
expected to be approximately $9.6 million before deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to
use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and general corporate purposes.

This public offering is being made by the Company
pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284495), as amended, originally filed on January 24, 2025,
and declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on February 14, 2025 and an additional registration
statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-285005) filed on February 14, 2025, pursuant to Rule 462(b) as promulgated under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The securities may only be offered by means of a prospectus which forms a part of the effective
registration statement relating to the offering. A preliminary prospectus relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC and a final
prospectus relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC. Copies of the final prospectus may be obtained, when available, at the
SEC's website at www.sec.gov or from Dawson James Securities, Inc. Attention: Prospectus Department, 101 North Federal Highway, Suite 600,
Boca Raton, FL 33432, investmentbanking@dawsonjames.com or toll free at 866.928.0928.

This press release does not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of that state
or jurisdiction.

About Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is committed
to the goal of becoming a leading innovator in the emerging $38 billion self-care market by providing expanded access to key prescription
pharmaceuticals as OTC treatment options. The Company is currently developing a proprietary SaaS platform designed to assist pharmaceutical
companies in meeting FDA standards to assist in the Rx-to-OTC switch.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements are based upon Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s ("Petros," "we,"
"our," "us" or the "Company") management's assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions, and beliefs
about future events. In some cases, predictive, future-tense or forward-looking words such as "intend," "develop,"
"goal," "plan," "predict", "may," "will," "project," "estimate,"
"anticipate," "believe," "expect," "continue," "potential," "opportunity,"
"forecast," "should," "target," "strategy" and similar expressions, whether in the negative or
affirmative, that reflect our current views with respect to future events and operational, economic and financial performance are intended
to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Such forward-looking statements
are only predictions, and actual results and the timing of certain events and circumstances may differ materially from those described
by the forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation,
statements relating to the completion of the offering, including the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, and the intended use
of proceeds. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors
that could cause actual results and events to differ materially and adversely from those indicated by such forward-looking statements
including, among others: risks and uncertainties related to market conditions and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related
to the offering, and other risks and uncertainties related to the offering, as well as the risks and uncertainties set forth in the Company's
periodic reports and in other filings that the Company has filed, or may file, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC")
under the headings "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations"
and elsewhere. The Company cautions readers that the forward-looking statements included in this press release represent our beliefs,
expectations, estimates and assumptions only as of the date of hereof and are not intended to give any assurance as to future results.
New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all these factors. Further, the Company cannot assess the
effect of each such factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to be
materially different from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Accordingly, you should not unduly rely on any forward-looking
statements.

Investor Contacts:

Investors:

CORE IR

ir@petrospharma.com

Media:

Jules Abraham

CORE IR

917-885-7378

pr@coreir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ptpi-20250217.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ptpi-20250217_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ptpi-20250217_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39752

Entity Registrant Name Petros
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001815903

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-1410058

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1185 Avenue of the Americas

Entity Address, Address Line Two 3rd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10036

City Area Code 973

Local Phone Number 242-0005

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol PTPI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://petrospharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ptpi-20250217.xsd 
ptpi-20250217_lab.xml 
ptpi-20250217_pre.xml 
tm257154d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-016181-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm257154d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001815903 

2025-02-17 
2025-02-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001815903 
8-K 
2025-02-17 
Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
DE 
001-39752 
85-1410058 
1185 Avenue of the Americas 
3rd Floor 
New York 
NY 
10036 
973 
242-0005 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
PTPI 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>