<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-039328.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-039328.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227164624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-039328
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APPLIED MATERIALS INC /DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000006951
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				941655526
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1026

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06920
		FILM NUMBER:		25680056

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3050 BOWERS AVE
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054-3299
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085635300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3050 BOWERS AVE
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054-3299

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APPLIED MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730319
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d830912d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

APPLIED MATERIALS INC /DEfalse000000695100000069512025-02-242025-02-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 24, 2025

Applied Materials, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 000-06920 94-1655526

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3050 Bowers Avenue

P.O. Box 58039

Santa Clara, CA95052-8039

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (408)727-5555

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $.01 per share AMAT The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 24, 2025, Applied Materials, Inc. (Applied) entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement) for a five-year $2.0 billion revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent), and the lenders party thereto (collectively, the Lenders). 

The Credit Agreement replaces a $1.5 billion credit agreement, dated February 21, 2020, by and among Applied and certain lenders, as amended and extended, as described further in Item 1.02 below. 

The Credit Agreement provides for unsecured borrowings in an initial amount not to exceed $2.0 billion outstanding at any one time and includes a sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit of up to $400 million. The Credit Agreement includes a provision under which Applied may increase the total amount of the revolving credit facility to no more than $2.5 billion, subject to the receipt of commitments from one or more Lenders for any such increase and other customary conditions. 

Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest, at Applieds option, at a rate per annum equal to either (1) the secured overnight financing rate plus an adjustment of 0.10% (Term SOFR) for the selected interest period, plus the applicable margin, which will range from 0.50% to 1.00% depending on Applieds public debt credit ratings, or (2) a rate equal to the highest of (a) a rate that is 0.50% higher than the federal funds effective rate (as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website), (b) the rate publicly announced by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate, (c) Term SOFR for a one-month interest period plus 1.0%, and (d) 1.0%. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires Applied to pay commitment fees on the unused commitments under the Credit Agreement ranging, depending on Applieds public debt credit ratings, from 0.04% to 0.10% per annum and customary agency and letter of credit participation fees. 

The Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants customary for credit facilities of this type. The Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant that requires Applied to maintain as of the last day of each fiscal quarter a ratio of (i) consolidated adjusted EBITDA for the four fiscal quarter period ending on such date to (ii) consolidated net interest expense as of such date of no less than 3.00 to 1.00. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of defaults. The occurrence of an event of default would permit the Lenders to terminate their commitments to advance loans under the Credit Agreement and to require immediate repayment of any outstanding loans under the Credit Agreement. 

Proceeds from borrowings under the Credit Agreement are available to be used for general corporate purposes. The maturity date of the Credit Agreement is February 24, 2030, at which time the outstanding amount of loans under the Credit Agreement, if any, must be repaid in full. 

The foregoing description of the Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Credit Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The Lenders, and certain of their affiliates, have engaged in, and/or in the future may engage in, banking and other transactions with Applied, including previous credit facilities. These parties have received, and/or in the future may receive, customary compensation from Applied for these services. 

Item 1.02 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 21, 2020, Applied entered into a $1.5 billion credit agreement with certain lenders, which was previously amended and extended and which was due to expire on February 21, 2026 (the Prior Credit Agreement). On February 24, 2025, the Prior Credit Agreement was terminated and replaced by the Credit Agreement described under Item 1.01 above. There were no outstanding amounts due under the Prior Credit Agreement. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

As discussed under Item 1.01 above, on February 24, 2025, Applied entered into the Credit Agreement. The information set forth in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. Applied has not made any borrowings under the Credit Agreement as of this date. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2025, among Applied Materials, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other lenders named therein 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Applied Materials, Inc.

(Registrant)

Dated: February 27, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Teri A. Little

Teri A. Little

Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d830912dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

U.S. $2,000,000,000 

CREDIT
AGREEMENT 

Dated as of February 24, 2025 

Among 

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.

as Borrower 

THE
INITIAL LENDERS NAMED HEREIN 

as Initial Lenders 

and 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent 

BNP PARIBAS

CITIBANK, N.A. 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 

and 

MUFG BANK, LTD. 

Syndication
Agents 

COMMERZBANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

STANDARD CHARTERED BANK 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 

and 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK,
NEW YORK BRANCH 

as 

Documentation Agents 

BOFA
SECURITIES, INC. 

BNP PARIBAS 

CITIBANK, N.A. 

HSBC
SECURITIES (USA) INC. 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 

and 

MUFG BANK, LTD. 

Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONSAND ACCOUNTING TERMS 

Section 1.01. Certain Defined Terms 1 

Section 1.02. Computation of Time Periods 24 

Section 1.03. Accounting Terms 24 

Section 1.04. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 24 

Section 1.05. Divisions 25 

ARTICLE 2 

THE CREDITS 

Section 2.01. Commitments 25 

Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowing 25 

Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 26 

Section 2.04. Letters of Credit 26 

Section 2.05. Funding Borrowings 31 

Section 2.06. Interest Elections 32 

Section 2.07. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 33 

Section 2.08. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 34 

Section 2.09. Prepayment of Loans 35 

Section 2.10. Fees 35 

Section 2.11. Interest 36 

Section 2.12. Alternate Rate of Interest 37 

Section 2.13. Increased Costs; Illegality 39 

Section 2.14. Break Funding Payments 41 

Section 2.15. Taxes 41 

Section 2.16. Payment Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs 45 

Section 2.17. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 47 

Section 2.18. Defaulting Lenders 48 

Section 2.19. Increase in the Aggregate Commitments 51 

Section 2.20. Extension of Termination Date 53 

ARTICLE 3 

CONDITIONSTO EFFECTIVENESSAND BORROWING 

Section 3.01. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Commitments 54 

Section 3.02. Existing Credit Agreement 56 

Section 3.03. Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing, Issuance, Commitment Increase and
Extension Date 56 

Section 3.04. Determinations Under Section 3.01 56 

i 

ARTICLE 4 

REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIES 

Section 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower 57 

ARTICLE 5 

COVENANTSOFTHE BORROWER 

Section 5.01. Affirmative Covenants 60 

Section 5.02. Negative Covenants 65 

Section 5.03. Financial Covenant 69 

ARTICLE 6 

EVENTSOF DEFAULT 

Section 6.01. Events of Default 69 

ARTICLE 7 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

ARTICLE 8 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 8.01. Notices 75 

Section 8.02. Waivers; Amendments 76 

Section 8.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 77 

Section 8.04. Successors and Assigns 79 

Section 8.05. Survival 83 

Section 8.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 83 

Section 8.07. Severability 85 

Section 8.08. Right of Set-off 85 

Section 8.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 85 

Section 8.10. Waiver of Jury Trial 86 

Section 8.11. Headings 86 

Section 8.12. Confidentiality 86 

Section 8.13. USA Patriot Act 87 

Section 8.14. No Fiduciary Duty 87 

Section 8.15. Acknowledgment and Consent to
Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 87 

Section 8.16. Certain ERISA Matters 88 

ii 

Schedules 

Schedule 2.01 Commitments 

Schedule 2.04 Issuing
Banks 

Schedule 5.02(a) Existing Liens 

Exhibits

Exhibit A - Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit B - Form of Borrowing Request

Exhibit C - Form of Interest Election Request

Exhibit D - Form of Section 2.15(e) Certificate

Exhibit E - Opinion Matters (Closing)

Exhibit F - Opinion Matters (Commitment Increase)

Exhibit G - Form of Notice of Loan Prepayment

iii 

CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of February 24, 2025 among APPLIED MATERIALS, INC., a
Delaware corporation (the Borrower), the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders (the Initial Lenders) listed on the signature pages hereof, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative
Agent. 

The Borrower has requested that the Lenders, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, extend credit to the
Borrower to enable it to borrow on a revolving credit basis on and after the date hereof and at any time and from time to time prior to the latest Termination Date (as defined below) a principal amount not in excess of $2,000,000,000 (as such amount
may be increased pursuant to Section 2.19). The proceeds of such borrowings are to be used for general corporate purposes. The Lenders are willing to extend such credit on the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth. 

Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONSAND ACCOUNTING TERMS

Section 1.01. Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such
meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): 

Administrative Agent
means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 

Administrative
Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Affected
Lender means any Lender whose credit ratings from Moodys and S&P fall below Baa3 or BBB-, respectively, but only if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent of Borrowers
designation of such Lender as an Affected Lender hereunder. 

Affected Financial Institution means
(a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, as to any Person,
any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person (but excluding, for purposes of Section 5.02(f), the Borrower or any Subsidiary). For purposes of this definition, the term
control (including the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with) of a Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to vote, for purposes of Section 5.02(f)
10%, and for all other purposes 5%, or more of the Voting Stock of such Person or to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of Voting Stock, by contract or otherwise. 

Agent means the Administrative Agent and each of the Persons listed on the cover page to this Agreement as a Syndication
Agent or a Documentation Agent, in such capacity. 

1 

Agreement means this Credit Agreement, as amended, restated, amended and
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and
regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder and the UK Bribery Act 2010. 

Applicable Lending Office means, with respect to each Lender, such
Lenders Domestic Lending Office in the case of Base Rate Loan Borrowings and such Lenders Term SOFR Lending Office in the case of Term SOFR Loan Borrowings. 

Applicable Margin means, as of any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect
on such date as set forth below: 

Public Debt Rating

S&P/Moodys Applicable Margin for Base

Rate Loans Applicable Margin for Term

SOFR Loans 

Level 1

AA-/Aa3 or above 0 % 0.50 % 

Level 2

A+/A1 0 % 0.625 % 

Level 3

A/A2 0 % 0.75 % 

Level 4

A-/A3 0 % 0.875 % 

Level 5

BBB+/Baa1 or below 0 % 1.00 % 

Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total
Commitments represented by such Lenders Commitment, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with Section 2.18. If the Commitments have terminated or expired in their entirety, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon
the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 

Applicable Rate means, as of any date, a
percentage per annum determined by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect on such date as set forth below: 

Public Debt Rating

S&P/Moodys Applicable

Rate 

Level 1

AA-/Aa3 or above 0.04 % 

Level 2

A+/A1 0.05 % 

Level 3

A/A2 0.065 % 

Level 4

A-/A3 0.08 % 

Level 5

BBB+/Baa1 or below 0.10 % 

2 

Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.04.

Arranger means each of the Persons listed on the cover page of this Agreement as a Joint Lead Arranger and Joint
Bookrunner. 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee
(with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 8.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Assuming Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(d). 

Assumption Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(d)(ii). 

Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the Termination Date. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Base Ratemeans for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the
highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00%and (d) 1.00%. The
prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of Americas costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans,
which may be priced at, above, or 

3 

below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change.
If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.12, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause
(c) above. 

Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as contemplated by the Beneficial
Ownership Regulation, similar in form and substance to the Form of Certification Regulating Beneficial Owners of Legal Entities published jointly, in May 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and the Securities Industry and
Financial Markets Association. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Arrangement means at any time an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA which is
not a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan and which is maintained or otherwise contributed to by any member of the ERISA Group. 

Benefit
Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, and (c) any
Person whose assets include (for purposes of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 5.01(g). 

Borrowing means Loans of the same Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans,
as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 

Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing
in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close
under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agents Office is located. 

4 

Capitalized Lease means any lease (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt,
any lease accounted for as an operating lease) the obligation for rentals with respect to which is required to be capitalized on a Consolidated balance sheet of the lessee and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP. 

Capitalized Rentals of any Person means at any date the amount at which the aggregate rentals due and to become due under
all Capitalized Leases under which such Person is a lessee would be reflected as a liability on a Consolidated balance sheet of such Person. 

Cash Collateralize means to post cash collateral in accordance with Section 2.04(j). 

Change in Law means (a) the adoption of any law, rule, treaty or regulation after the date of this Agreement,
(b) any change in any law, rule, treaty or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender or Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of
Section 2.13(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made
or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or
directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar
authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

Change in Tax Law means the enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of, or any change in or amendment to, any
law (including the Code), treaty, regulation or rule (or in the official application or interpretation of any law, treaty, regulation or rule, including a holding, judgment or order by a court of competent jurisdiction) relating to United
States income taxation. 

CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 

Commitment means as to any Lender (a) the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 2.01, (b) if
such Lender has become a Lender hereunder pursuant to an Assumption Agreement, the amount set forth in such Assumption Agreement or (c) if such Lender has entered into an Assignment and Assumption, the amount set forth for such Lender in the
Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 8.04, as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.07 or increased pursuant to Section 2.19. 

Commitment Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(b). 

Commitment Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a). 

Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, any amendment, approval, consent, information,
notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 

5 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or
any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate, SOFR, Term SOFR and Interest Period, timing and
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of
such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice
is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of
this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 

Connection Income Taxes means Taxes imposed on or measured by net income
(however denominated), franchise taxes and branch profits taxes, in each case, imposed by reason of any present or former connection between a Lender, the Administrative Agent or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and the jurisdiction imposing such
Taxes (other than solely on account of the execution and performance of, the enforcement of any right under or the receipt of any payment under, this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents). 

Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.20(b). 

Consolidated refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, for any period, an amount determined for the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis equal to: 

(i) Consolidated Adjusted Net Income for such period, 

plus

(ii) to the extent
decreasing Consolidated Adjusted Net Income for such period, the sum, without duplication, of: 

(a) Consolidated interest expense of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, plus

(b) provisions for Taxes based on income, plus

(c) total depreciation expense, plus

(d) total amortization expense, plus

(e) losses from dispositions of assets or liabilities outside of the ordinary course of business, plus

6 

(f) other non-cash items reducing Consolidated
Adjusted Net Income, plus

(g) expense arising from the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, plus

(h) cash restructuring, severance and similar costs, expenses and charges, including costs associated with discontinued operations or exiting
businesses or from the restructuring or rationalization of product lines, plus

(i) other extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring cash costs, expenses or charges, plus

(j)
non-cash stock compensation charges or expenses, plus

(k) any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down (including related to intangible assets (including goodwill), long-lived assets, and investments in Indebtedness and equity securities), plus

(l) any fees, costs and expenses (including any integration costs, transaction or retention bonuses or similar payments, earnouts or other
contingent consideration, and purchase price adjustments), or any amortization thereof, in connection with any acquisition, investment, asset disposition, issuance or repayment of Indebtedness, issuance of Equity Interests, refinancing transaction
or amendment or other modification of any Indebtedness instrument (in each case, including any such transaction undertaken but not completed); 

plus, 

(iii) without
duplication of any amounts added to Consolidated Adjusted Net Income under clause (ii), for any period ending during the first four fiscal quarters ending following the consummation of a Material Acquisition, the amount of cost savings and synergies
projected by the Borrower in good faith to be realized in connection with such Material Acquisition within 12 months following the consummation of such Material Acquisition, which cost savings and synergies shall be deemed to have been realized on
the first day of such period; provided that (1) such cost savings and synergies are reasonably identifiable, reasonably attributable to such Material Acquisition and certified by a financial officer of the Borrower in writing to the
Administrative Agent, (2) the Borrower has initiated or will initiate within a period of time following the consummation of such Material Acquisition that is reasonably anticipated to permit such cost savings and synergies to be realized within
12 months following the consummation of such Material Acquisition appropriate actions to realize such cost savings and synergies, and (3) the aggregate amount of cost savings and synergies added pursuant to this clause (iii) shall not
exceed 20% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for any such period of four consecutive fiscal quarters; 

minus

7 

(iv) to the extent increasing Consolidated Adjusted Net Income for such period, the sum,
without duplication, of: 

(a) 

non-cash items (excluding any such
non-cash item to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for potential cash item in any prior period), plus

(b) 

interest income and other income, net, plus

(c) 

extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring items, plus

(d) 

gains from dispositions of assets or liabilities outside of the ordinary course of business;

minus 

(v) without duplication of any amounts deducted from Consolidated Adjusted Net Income under clause (iv) cash payments made during such
period with respect to non-cash items added back in computing Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in a prior period pursuant to clause (ii)(f) above. 

For any period (the Relevant Period) during which the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall have made a Material Acquisition
(i) if the Borrower prepares pro forma financial information in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X under the United States Securities Act of 1933
(S-X Article 11) with respect to the assets or Person acquired in such Material Acquisition, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Relevant Period shall be determined after giving pro forma
effect to such Material Acquisition as if such Material Acquisition had occurred on the first day of the Relevant Period and, to the extent applicable, to the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the Person or assets acquired in such
Material Acquisition, all in accordance with S-X Article 11 or (ii) if the Borrower does not prepare pro forma financial information in accordance with S-X Article
11 with respect to the Person or assets acquired in such Material Acquisition, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Relevant Period shall be determined, at the Borrowers election, by annualizing the portion of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
attributable to the Person or assets acquired in such Material Acquisition. Such annualization under clause (ii) shall be calculated by the Borrower in its reasonable discretion by multiplying (x) an amount equal to the portion of
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA attributable to the Person or assets acquired in such Material Acquisition for the period (the Annualization Period) beginning on the closing date of the such Material Acquisition and ending on the
last day of the Relevant Period by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the Relevant Period and the denominator of which is the number of days in the Annualization Period. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the add-backs set forth in clauses (ii)(f), (ii)(h), (ii)(k), (ii)(l)
and (iii) shall only be included in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for any period to the extent the Borrower elects to include such add-backs in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted
EBITDA for such period. 

8 

Consolidated Adjusted Net Income means, for any period, the consolidated
net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined in accordance with GAAP and on a pro forma basis; provided that, without duplication and only to the extent not already included in the Consolidated Adjusted
Net Income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, the Consolidated Adjusted Net Income (but not loss) of any Person that is not a Subsidiary or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting will be included in Consolidated Adjusted
Net Income solely to the extent of the amount of dividends or similar distributions paid in cash to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Consolidated Debt means all Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated
basis after eliminating intercompany items. 

Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, for the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the total cash interest expense (including the portion of rent expense of the Borrower and its subsidiaries with respect to such period under capital leases that is treated as interest in accordance with
GAAP) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (excluding all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and
bankers acceptance financing but including net costs under Swap Contracts in respect of interest rates to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP). 

Consolidated Interest Income means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the
total cash interest income generated from cash, cash equivalents and fixed income securities received by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA for the period of the four fiscal quarters most recently ended, to (b) Consolidated Net Interest Expense as of such date. 

Consolidated Net Interest Expense means, as of any date of determination, Consolidated Interest Expense minus Consolidated
Interest Income on such date; provided, that if the Consolidated Net Interest Expense as so determined would be less than $1.00, it shall be deemed to be $1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means, at any date, the total amount of all Tangible Assets of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries after deducting therefrom all liabilities which in accordance with GAAP would be included on their consolidated balance sheet, except Consolidated Debt. 

Consolidated Total Assets means, at any date, the total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis
determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of such
Lenders Loan Exposure and LC Exposure at such time. 

9 

Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means
the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website (or any successor source). 

Debt
of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all Indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables and accrued
expenses incurred in the ordinary course of such Persons business), (c) all Indebtedness of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar evidences of indebtedness, (d) all obligations of such Person created or
arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to
repossession or sale of such property) including, without limitation, obligations secured by Liens arising from the sale or transfer of notes or accounts receivable; provided that Debt shall not include any sale or transfer of notes or
accounts receivable whether or not precautionary Liens are filed or recorded in connection with such sale or transfer of such notes or accounts receivable, if and only if such sale or transfer (A) is accounted for as true sale under GAAP and
(B) pursuant to which there is no recourse (other than recourse for breach of customary representations and warranties or in connection with any such sales or transfers) to the seller of such notes or accounts receivable (as evidenced by there
being no accounting reserve taken or required to be taken, which in the event a reserve is taken, the amount of Debt shall be deemed to be the amount of such reserve), and provided, further, that all trade payables and accrued expenses
constituting current liabilities shall be excluded, (e) all Capitalized Rentals, (f) reimbursement obligations of such Person in respect of credit enhancement instruments, which reimbursement obligations are then due and payable by such
Person, (g) all Debt of others referred to in clauses (a) through (f) above or clause (h) below guaranteed directly or indirectly in any manner by such Person, or in effect guaranteed directly or indirectly by such Person through an
agreement (1) to pay or purchase such Debt or to advance or supply funds for the payment or purchase of such Debt, (2) to purchase, sell or lease (as lessee or lessor) property, or to purchase or sell services, primarily for the purpose of
enabling the debtor to make payment of such Debt or to assure the holder of such Debt against loss, (3) to supply funds to or in any other manner invest in the debtor (including any agreement to pay for property or services irrespective of
whether such property is received or such services are rendered) or (4) otherwise to assure a creditor against loss, and (h) all Debt referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an
existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including, without limitation, accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such
Debt, including, without limitation, obligations secured by Liens arising from the sale or transfer of notes, accounts receivable or other assets; provided, however, that so long as such Person is not personally liable for such Debt, the
amount of such Debt shall be deemed to be the lesser of the fair market value at such date of the property subject to the Lien securing such liability and the amount of the liability secured; provided further, that obligations of such Person
secured by Liens on notes, accounts receivable or other assets sold or transferred in a transaction which is accounted for as a true sale under GAAP shall not be Debt under this definition. 

10 

The Borrowers obligations under operating leases and
Off-Balance Sheet Leases shall be excluded from this definition of Debt; provided that (A) no such exclusion shall be made if and to the extent that GAAP would require such obligations to be
classified as debt for borrowed money and (B) in any event the term Debt shall include the Excess Lease Financed Amount (if any). 

Default means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that
notice be given or time elapse or both. 

Defaulting Lender means any Lender, as reasonably determined by the
Administrative Agent, that has (a) failed within two Business Days of the date required to be funded to comply with its obligation to fund any portion of its Loans or any portion of its participation in Letters of Credit as required hereunder,
unless such requirement to fund is subject to a good faith dispute, (b) notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such
requirement to fund is subject to a good faith dispute), or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such requirement to fund is subject to a good faith
dispute), (c) failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then
outstanding Letters of Credit under this Agreement; provided that any such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender under this clause (c) upon receipt of such confirmation by the Administrative Agent, (d) otherwise failed to pay
over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within three Business Days of the date when due unless the subject of a good faith dispute, or (e) (i) has been or has a parent company
that has been adjudicated as, or determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Person or its assets to be, insolvent, or has become subject to a Bail-In Action, or
(ii) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or
custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or has a parent company that has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency
proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in
furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment, or has become the subject of a Bail-in Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a
Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of an equity interest in such Lender or a parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority or an instrumentality thereof so long as such ownership interest does not result in or
provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such governmental authority or instrumentality) to reject,
repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. 

dollars or $
refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 

11 

Domestic Lending Office means, with respect to any Lender, the office of
such Lender specified as its Domestic Lending Office in such Lenders Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the
supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member
Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.01. 

Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15
USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

Eligible Assignee means (i) a Lender; (ii) an
Affiliate of a Lender; and (iii) any other Person that (x) is approved by each Issuing Bank and (y) so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, has a rating for any class of non-credit
enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt of not lower than A by S&P or A2 by Moodys and is approved by the Borrower, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, that none of the Borrower, an
Affiliate of the Borrower, a natural person or holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or a Defaulting Lender shall qualify as an Eligible Assignee. 

Environmental Action means any action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of
non-compliance or violation, notice of liability or potential liability, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental Law, Environmental Permit or
Hazardous Substances or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to health, safety or the environment, including, without limitation, (a) by any governmental or regulatory authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial
or other actions or damages and (b) by any governmental or regulatory authority or any third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief. 

Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules,
judgments, orders, decrees, injunctions and other governmental restrictions relating to the environment or the effect of the environment on human health or to emissions, discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants, Hazardous Substances or
wastes into the environment including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, ground water or land, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of pollutants,
contaminants, Hazardous Substances or wastes or the clean-up or other remediation thereof. 

12 

Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, identification number,
license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law. 

Equity Interests means shares of capital stock,
partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or
acquire any such equity interest, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing. 

ERISA means
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor statute. 

ERISA Affiliate means any
member of the ERISA Group. 

ERISA Group means the Borrower, any Subsidiary and all members of a controlled group of
corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with the Borrower or any Subsidiary, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Events of Default has the meaning specified in Section 6.01. 

Excess Lease Financed Amount means the amount (if any) by which the Lease Financed Amount exceeds (a) $300,000,000 at any
time when the Borrowers Public Debt Rating is lower than BBB- by S&P and Baa3 by Moodys or (b) $600,000,000 at any time when the Borrowers Public Debt rating is at least BBB- by S&P or Baa3 by Moodys. 

Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the
Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, (a) income or franchise taxes in each
case imposed on (or measured by) its net income and branch profits taxes, in each case (i) imposed as a result of such recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable
lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) imposed, deducted or withheld by reason of any present or former connection between the Administrative Agent or such Lender or other
recipient (as the case may be) and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than solely on account of the execution and performance of, the enforcement of any right under or the receipt of any payment under, this Agreement or any of the other
Loan Documents), (b) in the case of a Lender, any U.S. withholding Tax imposed, deducted or withheld (i) that is attributable to such Lenders failure, inability or ineligibility to comply with Section 2.15(e) at

13 

any time during which such Lender is a party to this Agreement, except to the extent such Lenders failure is due to a Change in Tax Law occurring after the date on which such Lender became
a party to this Agreement or the date (if any) on which such Lender changed its applicable lending office, or (ii) that is imposed on accrued amounts payable to such Lender at the time of the assignment to such Lender and its becoming a party
to this Agreement, other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.17, except to the extent that such Lenders assignor was entitled, at the time of such assignment, to receive additional payments from the
Borrower with respect to such accrued amounts pursuant to Section 2.15(a) and (c) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Existing Credit Agreementmeans the Credit Agreement dated as of February 21, 2020 among the Borrower, the
lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, as amended. 

Extension Date has the
meaning specified in Section 2.20(b). 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this
Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to
Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code.

Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal
funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate;
provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any
successor source. 

Fee Letter means, collectively, the respective fee letters between the Borrower and the Arrangers
relating to this Agreement. 

Foreign Lender means any Lender (including any Issuing Bank that is treated as
a Lender for purposes of Section 2.15) that is not a United States Person. 

GAAP means at any time generally
accepted accounting principles as then in effect, applied on a basis consistent (except for changes concurred in by the Borrowers independent public accountants) with the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries delivered to the Lenders; provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Agent that the Borrower wishes to amend any covenant in Article V or any definition of a term used in any such covenant to eliminate the effect of any
change in generally accepted accounting principles on the operation of such covenant (or if the Agent (with the consent or at 

14 

the direction of the Required Lenders) notifies the Borrower that it wishes to amend any such covenant or definition for such purpose), then, for purposes of such covenant or definition only,
GAAP shall mean GAAP as in effect immediately before the relevant change in generally accepted accounting principles became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn or such covenant or definition is amended in a manner
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Required Lenders. 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United
States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing,
regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including supra-national entities such as the European Central Bank). 

Hazardous Substances means any substance or waste defined as toxic or hazardous under any
Environmental Laws, including, without limitation, petroleum, its derivatives, by-products and other hydrocarbons. 

Hedge Agreements means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency
swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and other similar agreements. 

Increase Date has the meaning
specified in Section 2.19(a). 

Increasing Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(b). 

Indebtedness of any Person means and includes all obligations of such Person which in accordance with GAAP should be
classified upon a balance sheet of such Person as liabilities of such Person. 

Indemnified Taxes means Taxes other than
Excluded Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document. 

Information has the meaning specified in Section 8.12. 

Intangible Assets means at any date the total amount of all assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are properly
classified as intangible assets in accordance with GAAP and, in any event, shall include, without limitation, goodwill, patents, trade names, trademarks, copyrights, franchises, experimental expense, organization expense, unamortized
debt discount and expense, and deferred charges other than prepaid insurance, prepaid leases and prepaid taxes and current deferred taxes which are classified on the balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as a current asset in accordance
with GAAP and in which classification the Borrowers independent public accountants concur; provided that the foregoing Intangible Assets shall be deemed to be in an amount equal to zero at all times during which such Intangible Assets,
in the aggregate, are less than 2% of stockholders equity of the Borrower. 

15 

Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or
continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.06, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any Base Rate Loan, the last day of each March, June, September and
December and (b) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part; provided that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective
dates that fall every three months shall also be Interest Payment Dates. 

Interest Period means as to each Term SOFR
Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Borrowing Request;
provided that (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar
month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Termination
Date. 

Issuing Bank means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.04 and any other Lender that may agree to issue Letters of
Credit hereunder as provided in Section 2.04(i), in each case in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. An Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such
Issuing Bank reasonably acceptable to the Borrower, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 

LC Commitment means, with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit
pursuant to Section 2.04. The initial amount of each Issuing Banks LC Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.04, or if an Issuing Bank has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a LC Commitment after the Closing
Date, the amount set forth for such Issuing Bank as its LC Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The LC Commitment of an Issuing Bank may be modified from time to time by agreement between such Issuing Bank and the
Borrower, and notified to the Administrative Agent. 

LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant
to a Letter of Credit. 

LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all
outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable
Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of 

16 

Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the UCP or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the ISP or similar terms of the
Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the
obligations of the Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of
Credit. 

Lease Financed Amount means, with respect to Off-Balance Sheet Leases,
the outstanding principal amount of the loan attributable to such Off-Balance Sheet Lease. 

Lender Recipient Party means collectively, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks. 

Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant
to an Assignment and Assumption or an Assumption Agreement, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 

Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. 

Letter of Credit Sublimit has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(b). 

Lien means any lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of preferential
arrangement, including, without limitation, the lien or retained security title of a conditional vendor and any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property. Off-Balance Sheet Leases
and the arrangements set forth therein shall be excluded from this definition; provided that: 

(a) if any portion of the Lease
Financed Amount is included in Debt under the last sentence of the definition of Debt, then for purposes of Section 5.02(a), Off-Balance Sheet Leases and the arrangements set forth therein shall be deemed
to create a Lien securing the Excess Lease Financed Amount; and 

(b) if Off-Balance Sheet Leases
and the arrangements set forth therein create a lien on any property or assets other than (i) the property and assets leased pursuant to Off-Balance Sheet Leases, (ii) rights of the Borrower as
sublessor of any portion of such property and assets and (iii) Permitted Lease Collateral, such lien shall not be excluded from this definition. 

Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Notes (if any), and the Fee Letter. 

Loan Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such
Lenders Loans at such time. 

Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this
Agreement. 

Margin Stock means margin stock as such term is defined in Regulation U. 

17 

Material Acquisition means any acquisition of all or substantially all of
the assets or Equity Interests of a Person, or of any business or division of a Person, for which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries paid at least $1,000,000,000 in consideration (including the then-current market value of any Equity Interests
included in such consideration). 

Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse change in the business, financial
condition or operations of the Borrower or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Material Debt means
Debt (other than Debt arising under this Agreement) of the Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries, arising in one or more related or unrelated transactions, in an aggregate principal or face amount exceeding $200,000,000. 

Material Financial Obligations means a principal or face amount of Debt (other than Debt arising under this Agreement)
and/or payment obligations (calculated after giving effect to any applicable netting agreements) in respect of Hedge Agreements of the Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries, arising in one or more related or unrelated transactions,
exceeding in the aggregate $200,000,000. 

Material Plan means, at any time, a Plan or Plans having aggregate Unfunded
Liabilities in excess of $200,000,000. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or its successors. 

Multiemployer Plan means, at any time, an employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of
ERISA to which any member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding five plan years made contribution, including for these purposes any Person which ceased to be a member of the
ERISA Group during such five year period. 

Non-Consenting Lender has the
meaning specified in Section 2.20(b). 

Note has the meaning specified in Section 2.08(e). 

Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of
Exhibit G or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed
by a Responsible Officer. 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

Off-Balance Sheet Leases means one or more lease agreements and related agreements
entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time, in each case in a transaction which the Borrower or such Subsidiary intends to be treated as an operating lease for financial reporting purposes but as a loan for
one or more of the following purposes: (a) federal, state and local income or franchise tax, (b) bankruptcy, (c) real estate law and (d) commercial law (including uniform commercial law). 

18 

Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp or documentary
taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, the Loan Documents that are imposed by a Governmental
Authority except any such Taxes that are imposed by reason of any present or former connection between a Lender, the Administrative Agent or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than solely on account of
the execution and performance of, the enforcement of any right under or the receipt of any payment under, this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents) or pursuant to an assignment requested by the Borrower under Section 2.17. 

Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.04(c). 

Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.04(c). 

PATRIOT Act has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.13. 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor). 

Permitted Lease Collateral means any cash or cash equivalents securing the obligations of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries
in any Off-Balance Sheet Lease. 

Person means an individual, partnership,
corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. 

Plan means, at any time, an employee pension benefit plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (other than
a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code and either (i) is maintained, or contributed to, by any member of the ERISA Group for
employees of any member of the ERISA Group or (ii) has at any time within the preceding five years been maintained, or contributed to, by any Person which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any Person which was at
such time a member of the ERISA Group. 

Platform has the meaning specified in Section 5.01(g). 

Prohibited Secured Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 5.02(a). 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be
amended from time to time. 

Public Debt Rating means, as of any date for S&P, the lowest rating that has been most
recently announced by S&P for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Borrower and, as of any date for Moodys, the lowest rating that has been most recently
announced by Moodys for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Borrower. For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if only one of S&P and Moodys shall have
in effect a Public Debt Rating, the Applicable Margin and the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the available rating; (b) if neither S&P nor 

19 

Moodys shall have in effect a Public Debt Rating, the Applicable Margin and the Applicable Rate will be set in accordance with Level 5 under the definition of Applicable
Margin or Applicable Rate, as the case may be; (c) if the ratings established by S&P and Moodys shall fall within different levels, the Applicable Margin and the Applicable Rate shall be based upon the higher rating
unless the such ratings differ by two or more levels, in which case the applicable level will be deemed to be one level below the higher of such levels; (d) if any rating established by S&P or Moodys shall be changed, such change
shall be effective as of the date on which such change is first announced publicly by the rating agency making such change; and (e) if S&P or Moodys shall change the basis on which ratings are established, each reference to the Public
Debt Rating announced by S&P or Moodys, as the case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent rating by S&P or Moodys, as the case may be. 

Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. 

Register has the meaning specified in Section 8.04(b)(iv). 

Regulation D and Regulation U means, respectively,
Regulations D and U of the Board (or any successor), as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 

Related
Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates, partners and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board, and/or the NYFRB, the CME, as applicable, or a committee
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto. 

Reportable Event means any reportable event as defined in section 4043 of ERISA for which the 30-day notice requirement has not been waived under applicable regulations. 

Required
Lenders means, at any time, subject to Section 2.18(b) Lenders having (i) Credit Exposures representing more than 50% of the total Credit Exposures or (ii) if none of the Lenders have any Credit Exposure, unused
Commitments at such time representing more than 50% of the sum of the total unused Commitments. 

Rescindable Amount has
the meaning as specified in Section 2.16(f). 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with
respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer means the chief executive
officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of the Borrower, and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 3.01, the secretary or any
assistant secretary of the Borrowerand, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the Borrower so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any
other officer or employee of the Borrower designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be conclusively
presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of the Borrower and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Borrower. 

20 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc.,
or any successor thereto. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the
subject or target of any territorial Sanctions (currently, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Crimea, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk
Peoples Republic, and the non-government controlled areas of the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine). 

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons
maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (including the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list), the U.S. Department of State, the European Union, any European Union member state or
His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom (including the Investment Ban List maintained by His Majestys Treasury), (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person 50% or more owned,
directly or indirectly, by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b). 

Sanctions
means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the
Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the European Union, any European Union member state or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom. 

Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(b)(ii). 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Section 2.15(e) Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.15(e). 

SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the NYFRB (or a successor administrator). 

SOFR Adjustment with respect to Daily Simple SOFR means 0.10% (10 basis points); and with respect to Term SOFR means 0.10%
(10 basis points). 

Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any corporation or other entity of which securities or other
ownership interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such Person; unless otherwise specified,
Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Borrower. 

21 

Tangible Assets means, at any date, Consolidated Total Assets (less
depreciation, depletion and other properly deductible valuation reserves) after deducting (but without duplication) Intangible Assets. 

Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup
withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term SOFR means: 

(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the
Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and 

(b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen
Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such date with a term of one month commencing that day; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen
Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such term; 

provided that if the Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would
otherwise be less than zero, the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR Loan means a
Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 

Term SOFR Lending Office
means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its Term SOFR Lending Office in such Lenders Administrative Questionnaire (or, if no such office is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other
office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

Term SOFR
Replacement Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(b). 

TermSOFR Screen Rate means the
forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations
as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 

22 

Termination Date means the earlier of (a) February 24, 2030,
subject to the extension thereof pursuant to Section 2.20 and (b) the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.07 or 6.01; provided, however, that the Termination Date of any Lender that is a
Non-Consenting Lender to any requested extension pursuant to Section 2.20 shall be the Termination Date in effect immediately prior to the applicable Extension Date for all purposes of this Agreement.

Treasury Stock means shares of the Borrowers capital stock that are issued but not outstanding (i.e., held in
treasury), including shares of Borrowers capital stock that have been repurchased by the Borrower but not retired. 

Type, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans
comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Term SOFR or the Base Rate. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial
Code as the same may from time to time be in effect in the State of New York or the Uniform Commercial Code (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes
certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

United States and United States Person have the meaning specified in Section 7701 of the Code. 

Unfunded Liabilities means, with respect to any Plan at any time, the amount (if any) by which (i) the value of all
benefit liabilities under such Plan, determined on a plan termination basis using the assumptions prescribed by the PBGC for purposes of Section 4044 of ERISA, exceeds (ii) the fair market value of all Plan assets allocable to such
liabilities under Title IV of ERISA (excluding any accrued but unpaid contributions), all determined as of the then most recent valuation date for such Plan, but only to the extent that such excess represents a potential liability of a member of the
ERISA Group to the PBGC or any other Person under Title IV of ERISA. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any
day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of
trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in
Section 8.17. 

23 

Voting Stock means capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent
interests in any other Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been
suspended by the happening of such a contingency. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any
EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and
conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that
liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that
liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Section 1.02. Computation of Time Periods. In this Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a
later specified date, the word from means from and including and the words to and until each mean to but excluding. 

Section 1.03. Accounting Terms. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP.

Section 1.04.Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the
Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such
rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the
foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or
replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may
select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of
the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or
consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or
component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

24 

Section 1.05 Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection
with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a
different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the
first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 

ARTICLE 2 

THE CREDITS

Section 2.01. Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Loans to the
Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in such Lenders Credit Exposure exceeding such Lenders Commitment. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and
conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Loans. 

Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowing.
(a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any
other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lenders failure to make Loans as required. 

(b) Subject to Section 2.12, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans as the Borrower may request
in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any Term SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that (i) any exercise of such option shall not affect the
obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) in the case of any such Loan made by an Affiliate of such Lender, such Lender shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under
Section 2.13 or 2.15 than it would have received had the Lender, and not such Affiliate, funded such Loan, and such Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.15 with respect to any payments on or with respect to such
Loan unless such Affiliate complies with Section 2.15(e) as if it were the Lender. 

(c) At the time each Term SOFR Loan Borrowing is
made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $10,000,000. At the time that each Base Rate Loan Borrowing is made (including through conversion) or continued, such Borrowing shall
be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $10,000,000; provided that a Base Rate Loan Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments or
that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.04(e). Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time. 

25 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be
entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Termination Date. 

Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request
by telephone or a Borrowing Request (a) in the case of a Term SOFR Loan Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, two Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of a Base Rate Loan
Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by telecopy or by electronic mail to the Administrative
Agent of a written Borrowing Request signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing; 

(ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iii) whether such Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Loan Borrowing or a Term SOFR Loan Borrowing; 

(iv) in the case of a Term SOFR Loan Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period
contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period; and 

(v) the location and number of the account or
accounts to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.05. 

If no election as to the Type
of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Base Rate Loan Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term SOFR Loan Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest
Period of one months duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lenders Loan to be made
as part of the requested Borrowing. 

Section 2.04. Letters of Credit. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth
herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit for (x) its own account or (y) for the account of any of its Subsidiaries, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and
from time to time during the Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the
Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. It is understood and agreed that, in connection with any Letter of Credit referred to in
clause (y) above, (i) the Borrower shall be deemed to be a primary account party under, and obligated in respect of, each Letter of Credit issued at the request of the Borrower hereunder, notwithstanding the fact that a Subsidiary may be listed
as the account party in the Letter of Credit, and (ii) the Borrower unconditionally 

26 

and irrevocably agrees that it will be fully responsible for the reimbursement of LC Disbursements, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of participation fees and other fees due
hereunder to the same extent as if it were the sole account party in respect of such Letter of Credit (the Borrower hereby irrevocably waiving any defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor of the obligations of any Subsidiary
that shall be an account party in respect of any such Letter of Credit). 

(b) To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the
amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank) to the Issuing Bank and
the Administrative Agent (not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) before the requested date of
issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which
shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other
information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Banks standard form in connection with
any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that),
after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the LC Exposure shall not exceed $400,000,000 (the Letter of Credit Sublimit), (ii) the portion of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit
issued by the applicable Issuing Bank shall not exceed the LC Commitment of such Issuing Bank and (iii) the total Credit Exposures shall not exceed the total Commitments. 

(c) Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the
issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Termination Date; provided that any Letter of
Credit with a one-year tenor may provide for the renewal thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in clause
(ii) above). 

(d) By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and
without any further action on the part of the Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lenders
Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for
the account of the Issuing Bank, such Lenders Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by the Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement
payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each 

27 

Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by
any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any
offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 

(e) If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of
Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the Business Day such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower
has received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of such disbursement, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12:00 noon, New York
City time, on (i) the Business Day following the date that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the preceding Business Day, or (ii) the second Business Day following the
day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received by such 10:00 a.m. on the preceding Business Day; provided that unless Borrower otherwise notifies the Administrative Agent, such payment shall be automatically
financed with a Base Rate Loan Borrowing in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Base Rate Loan Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to
make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lenders Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following
receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.05 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and
Section 2.05 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the
Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse
the Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and the Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of Base Rate Loans as
contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 

(f) The Borrowers obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute,
unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or
this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect,
(iii) payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance

28 

whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of set-off against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the Issuing Bank, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason
of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission,
interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical
terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed
to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Banks failure to exercise care when determining whether
drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank (as finally determined by
a court of competent jurisdiction), the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents
presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further
investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. An Issuing Bank shall not be
under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law
applicable to such Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the
issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise
compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Effective Date and which such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it.

(g) The Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by applicable laws or the specific terms of the Letter of
Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by
telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment and whether the Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of
its obligation to reimburse the Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 

29 

(h) If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall
reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower
reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loans; provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section (except to the extent
such LC Disbursement is financed by the funding of a Base Rate Loan pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section), then Section 2.11(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the Issuing Bank,
except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse the Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 

(i) From time to time, the Borrower may with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed) and by notice to the Lenders designate as additional Issuing Banks one or more Lenders that agree to serve in such capacity as provided below. The acceptance by a Lender of any appointment as an Issuing Bank hereunder shall be evidenced by
an instrument, which shall be in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower, such Lender and the Administrative Agent, shall set forth the LC Commitment of such Lender and shall be executed by such Lender, the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be
deemed to include such Lender in its capacity as an Issuing Bank. 

(j) If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the
Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure) demanding
the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to the LC Exposure
as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to Cash Collateralize shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of
any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in clauses (f) or (g) of Section 6.01. Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the
obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits,
which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in
such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the
reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure), be
applied 

30 

to satisfy other obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. If the Borrower is required to Cash Collateralize LC Exposure hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default,
such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 

(k) Unless otherwise expressly agreed by an Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued by such Issuing Bank, the rules of
the ISP shall be stated therein to apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Issuing Bank shall be responsible to the Borrower for, and such Issuing Banks rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired
by, any action or inaction of such Issuing Bank required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the laws or any order of a jurisdiction where
such Issuing Bank or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the International Chamber of Commerce Banking Commission, the
Bankers Association for Finance and Trade (BAFT), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such laws or practice rules. 

Section 2.05. Funding Borrowings. (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date
thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 1:00 p.m., New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will make such
Loans available to the Borrower by promptly either crediting or sending by wire transfer the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account or accounts designated by the Borrower in the Borrowing Request; provided that Base Rate Loans made
to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.04(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Issuing Bank. 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will
not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may,
in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the
Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of
payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in
the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing. Nothing herein shall be
deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 

31 

Section 2.06. Interest Elections. (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of
the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a
different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected
Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time
that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request
shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by telecopy or by electronic mail to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in the form of Exhibit C hereto and signed by the Borrower. 

(c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to
different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Loan Borrowing or a Term SOFR Loan Borrowing; and 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term SOFR Loan Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect
to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. 

If any such Interest
Election Request requests a Term SOFR Loan Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. 

(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and
of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

32 

(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a
Term SOFR Loan Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be continued as a Term SOFR Loan Borrowing with an
Interest Period of one months duration. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then,
so long as an Event of Default is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan Borrowing without the
prior consent of the Required Lenders and (ii) unless repaid, each Term SOFR Loan Borrowing shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 

Section 2.07. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall be reduced to
zero and automatically terminate on the Termination Date. 

(b) The Borrower may at any time prior to the Termination Date terminate, or
from time to time during such period, reduce, the Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $10,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower
shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.09 the sum of the Credit Exposures would exceed the total Commitments. Notwithstanding the foregoing
but subject to Section 2.07(d), the Borrower, at its sole discretion, shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to terminate in whole (but not in part), any Affected
Lenders Commitment; provided, however, that (i) the Borrower shall simultaneously prepay all outstanding Loans from such Affected Lender hereunder, together with accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts
payable for the account of such Affected Lender hereunder, and (ii) the termination of such Affected Lenders Commitment shall not affect such Lenders rights hereunder as to matters occurring prior to such date. 

(c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this
Section not later than 11.00 a.m. at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent
shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is
conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or upon the closing of any acquisition or disposition, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified
effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. 

(d) Simultaneously with the termination of the Commitment of an Affected Lender
pursuant to the last sentence of paragraph (b) of this Section: 

(i) the LC Exposure of such Affected Lender shall be
automatically reallocated among the other Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that each such Lenders Credit Exposure does not exceed such Lenders
Commitment; and 

33 

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) cannot be effected,
such Commitment termination shall not be effective unless the Borrower, at its option, shall have Cash Collateralized the amount of the LC Exposure of such Affected Lender that has not been reallocated to the other Lenders pursuant to clause (i).

Upon (and subject to) such reallocation and Cash Collateralization, the participating interest of the Affected Lender in any outstanding
Letters of Credit shall terminate. 

(e) Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent, except to the extent such
Commitments are subsequently increased pursuant to Section 2.19. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments, except in the event of an Affected Lender whose
Commitment is terminated pursuant to the last sentence of paragraph (b) of this Section, in which case the Commitment of such Affected Lender may be terminated without reducing the Commitments of the other Lenders. If, after giving effect to
any reduction of the Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Commitments, such Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. 

Section 2.08. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt. (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the
Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Loan on the Termination Date. 

(b) Each
Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and
paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record
(i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder
and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. 

(d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie
evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the
Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(e) Any Lender may request, through the Administrative Agent,
that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender through the Administrative Agent a promissory note payable to such Lender and its registered assigns and in a form
approved by the Administrative Agent (each such promissory note, a Note). Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 8.04)
be represented by one or more Notes in such form payable to the payee named therein and its registered assigns. 

34 

Section 2.09. Prepayment of Loans. (a) The Borrower shall have the right at
any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section. 

(b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (to be followed promptly by the delivery of a Notice of Loan Prepayment)
of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Term SOFR Loan Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, two Business Days before the date of prepayment and (ii) in the case of prepayment of a Base Rate
Loan Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid;
provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.07, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is
revoked in accordance with Section 2.07. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an
amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be
accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.11. 

Section 2.10. Fees. (a) The Borrower agrees
to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender (other than, subject to Section 2.18, a Defaulting Lender) a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount by which the Commitment of such Lender
exceeds such Lenders Credit Exposure during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the Termination Date. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December
of each year and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual
number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the
Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin used to determine the interest rate applicable to
Term SOFR Loans on the average daily amount of such Lenders LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the
date on which such Lenders Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125% per annum on the average daily
amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof 

35 

attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of
the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Banks standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or
processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June,
September and December, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the
Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year
of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(c) The
Borrower agrees to pay to the Persons entitled thereto, fees payable in the amounts and at the times set forth in the Fee Letter. 

(d) All
fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to an Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to
the Lenders, as applicable. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 

Section 2.11. Interest. (a) The
Loans comprising each Base Rate Loan Borrowing shall bear interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 

(b) The Loans comprising
each Term SOFR Loan Borrowing shall bear interest equal to Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is
not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2% plus the
rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2% plus the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 

(d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the
Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of a Base Rate Loan
prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term SOFR Loan prior to the
end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 

36 

(e) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined
by reference to Term SOFR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a
360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall
accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is
made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Section 2.12. Alternate Rate of Interest. (a) Inability to Determine Rates. If in connection with any
request for a Term SOFR Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans or a continuation of any of such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error)
that (A) no Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with Section 2.12(b), and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 2.12(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has
occurred, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or
(ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such
Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. 

Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders
to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding
sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the
Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of this Section 2.12(a), until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. 

Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of
Term SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any
outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at the end of their respective applicable Interest Period. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable)
have determined, that: 

37 

(i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month,
three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(ii) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the
Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods
of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided
that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such representative interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on
which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date); 

then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date), which date shall be at the
end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and
under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any
other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Successor Rate). 

If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple
SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 2.12(b)(i) or
(ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in
accordance with this Section 2.12 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then
existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark. and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due
consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall
constitute a Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such
time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 

38 

The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each
Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 

Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice;
provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate
will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the
Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective
without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and
the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

(c) For purposes of this Section 2.12, those Lenders that
either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in Dollars shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 

Section 2.13. Increased Costs; Illegality. (a) If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including pursuant to regulations issued from time to time by the Federal
Reserve Board for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, special, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities
in Regulation D)), special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or any Issuing Bank; or 

(ii) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the applicable interbank market any other condition (other than Taxes)
affecting this Agreement or Term SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing
shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, maintaining, continuing or converting to any Term SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or Issuing Bank of participating in,
issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank,
as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

39 

(b) If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or
liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or Issuing Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a consequence of this
Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lenders or Issuing Banks
holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company with respect to capital
adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company
for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) If after the date of this Agreement, a Change in Law shall subject the Administrative Agent, any
Lender or Issuing Bank to any Taxes as a result of a change in the basis of taxation by the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction under the laws of which such Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank is organized or has its Applicable
Lending Office or any political subdivision thereof (other than (i) Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment made by any Borrower hereunder and Taxes described in clause (b) or (c) of the definition of Excluded Taxes,
(ii) Indemnified Taxes or (iii) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto, and the result shall
be to increase the cost to such Administrative Agent or Lender of making or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or
maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then such Borrower will pay to such
Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank for such additional cost incurred or reduction suffered. 

(d) A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such claim and the amount or amounts
necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The
Borrower shall pay such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 

(e) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver
of such Lenders or Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred

40 

more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such
Lenders or Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then
the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

(f) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if any Change in Law shall make it unlawful for any Lender to make or maintain
Term SOFR Loans as contemplated by this Agreement, then (i) such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower thereof, (ii) the obligation of such Lender hereunder to make Term SOFR Loans and to continue Term SOFR
Loans shall forthwith terminate, and (iii) such Lenders Term SOFR Loans then outstanding shall be converted on the last day of the then current Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loans (or on such earlier date as may be required by law)
to Base Rate Loans. 

Section 2.14. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term
SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Term SOFR other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the
failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term SOFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.09(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), or
(d) the assignment of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.17, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each
Lender for the loss (other than loss of applicable margin), cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be
delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 

Section 2.15. Taxes. (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other
Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes unless deduction or withholding of such Taxes is required by law (or by the interpretation or administration thereof); provided that if the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by law (or by the interpretation or administration thereof) to deduct or withhold any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable by the Borrower shall be
increased as necessary so that after all required deductions or withholdings of such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes are made (including deductions or withholdings of such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under
this Section 2.15(a)) the Administrative Agent or any Lender (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings of such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes been made,
(ii) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall make such deductions or withholdings of such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, and (iii) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. For purposes of this Section 2.15, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank. 

41 

(b) In addition, the Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental
Authority in accordance with applicable law. 

(c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender,
within 30 days after written demand therefor, which written demand shall be made within 180 days of the date the Administrative Agent or such Lender received written demand for payment of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from
the relevant Governmental Authority, for the full amount of such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.15(c)) paid by the
Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and any penalties, interest and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto,
whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Government Authority. A certificate setting forth the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender, or by the
Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be presumptive evidence of such payment or liability absent manifest error. 

(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to any Governmental Authority, the Borrower
shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(e) Tax Forms. 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any
Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other
documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or
information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in paragraphs (e)(ii), (iii)
and (iv) of this Section) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal
or commercial position of such Lender. 

42 

(ii) (A) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Foreign
Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or before the date such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement and on or before the date, if any, such Foreign Lender changes its Applicable Lending Office (i) two
duly executed and properly completed Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8ECI,W-8BEN or
W-8BEN-E, as applicable (with respect to the benefit of an income tax treaty), or successor forms, certifying to such Foreign Lenders entitlement to a complete
exemption from United States withholding tax with respect to all payments to be made to it under the Loan Documents, or (ii) if such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, either
(x) the forms referred to in clause (i) above certifying to such Foreign Lenders entitlement to a complete exemption from United States withholding tax with respect to all payments to be made to it under the Loan Documents, or
(y) two duly executed and properly completed Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or successor forms) and a
duly executed certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D (any such certificate, a Section 2.15(e) Certificate); provided that in the event that a Foreign Lender is not classified as a corporation
for United States federal income tax purposes, such Foreign Lender shall take any actions necessary and shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent all additional (or alternative) Internal Revenue Service forms and
Section 2.15(e) Certificates necessary to fully establish such Foreign Lenders entitlement to a complete exemption from United States withholding tax on all payments to be made to it under the Loan Documents (including causing its
partners, members, beneficiaries or owners, or their beneficial owners, to take any actions and deliver any Internal Revenue Service forms and Section 2.15(e) Certificates necessary to establish such exemption). In addition, each Foreign Lender
shall deliver such Internal Revenue Service forms and the Section 2.15(e) Certificate (as applicable) to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly upon the obsolescence, inaccuracy or invalidity of any such Internal Revenue Service
forms or Section 2.15(e) Certificate previously delivered by such Foreign Lender pursuant to this Section 2.15(e) unless such Foreign Lender is not legally able to deliver such Internal Revenue Service forms or Section 2.15(e)
Certificate. 

(B) Any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or about
the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax. 

(C)
If a payment made to a Lender under this Agreement, any Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable requirements of
FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably
requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or
the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the 

43 

Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to
deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.15(e)(ii)(C), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. For purposes of this Section 2.15, the term
law includes FATCA. 

(f) Each Lender agrees that, before making a demand under this Section 2.15, it shall use reasonable
efforts (consistent with its legal and regulatory restrictions) to designate a different Applicable Lending Office or assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates if the making of such a designation
or assignment will avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, any additional amounts that would otherwise thereafter accrue and will not, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, require such Lender to incur a cost or expense, or legal or
regulatory disadvantage, determined by such Lender to be material. Upon any such change in any Applicable Lending Office or assignment, such Lender shall provide or cause to be provided to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower the appropriate
form specified in Section 2.15(e). 

(g) Should a Lender become subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required
hereunder, the Borrower shall take such steps as the Lender shall reasonably request to assist the Lender to recover such Taxes; provided that, in the judgment of the Borrower, such steps shall not subject the Borrower to any unreimbursed
cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to the Borrower. 

(h) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative
Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes or
Other Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 8.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and
(iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not
such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest
error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source
against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (h). 

(i) If any party determines, in its sole discretion
exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an
amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all
out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other 

44 

than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified
party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (i) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental
Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (i), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (i) the payment of which would place the
indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld
or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other
information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(j) Each partys
obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments, the expiration or cancellation of all
Letters of Credit and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

Section 2.16. Payment
Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs.(a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees, or of amounts payable under
Section 2.13, 2.14 and 2.15 or otherwise) prior to 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after
such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent,
except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Bank as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Section 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 or 8.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent
shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment
shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in dollars. 

(b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal,
interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to
such parties and (ii) second, towards payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably (except as otherwise provided in Section 2.18(e)) among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such
parties. 

45 

(c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set off or counterclaim or otherwise,
obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or funded participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans or funded
participations in LC Disbursements and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender (other than in connection with the payment of Loans or LC Disbursements of an Affected Lender in connection with the termination of the
Commitment of such Lender hereunder), then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans or LC Disbursements of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such
payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and funded participations in LC Disbursements; provided that (i) if any such
participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the
provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or
sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and
agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and
counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or any Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may,
in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or such Issuing Bank, as the case may
be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding
the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

(e) Subject to Section 2.18(e), if any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(c),
2.05(b), 2.16(d) or 8.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such
Lenders obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 

(f) With respect toany
payment thatthe Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any Issuing Bank hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following
applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount): (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid

46 

by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Lenders or the applicable Issuing
Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from
and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry
rules on interbank compensation. 

Section 2.17. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. (a) If any Lender becomes
aware of the occurrence of an event or the existence of a condition that would entitle such Lender to receive any compensation from the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.13 or that would require the Borrower to make a payment to such Lender or any
Governmental Authority for the account of such Lender pursuant to Section 2.15, then (unless in the case of Section 2.13 such Lender determines in its discretion not to request compensation therefor) such Lender shall use reasonable
efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or
assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.13 or Section 2.15 in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be
disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) If any Lender (i) requests compensation under Section 2.13, (ii) requests that the Borrower make a payment to such Lender or any
Governmental Authority for the account of such Lender pursuant to Section 2.15, (iii) becomes a Defaulting Lender, (iv) becomes an Affected Lender, (v) refuses to consent to a request by the Borrower for an extension of the
Termination Date pursuant to Section 2.20, or (vi) refuses to consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification of any Loan Document requested by the Borrower that requires the consent of a greater percentage of the Lenders than the
Required Lenders and such amendment, waiver or other modification is consented to by the Required Lenders; then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign
and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 8.04, with the Borrower or the replacement Lender paying the processing and recording fee), all of its interests, rights and obligations
under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (w) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the
Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank to such assignment, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (x) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and funded participations
in LC Disbursements, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other
amounts) (in the case of a Defaulting Lender, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any amount to which such Defaulting Lender is not entitled in accordance with Section 2.18), (y) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a

47 

claim for compensation under Section 2.13 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.15 such assignment will result in a reduction in or elimination of such compensation or
payments in the future and (z) in the case of clause (v) or clause (vi) above, such assignee consents to such extension, or such amendment, waiver or other modification, as applicable. A Lender shall not be required to make any such
assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each Lender agrees that an assignment required to be
made by it pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and that the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto. 

Section 2.18. Defaulting Lenders. If any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long
as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

(a) fees shall cease to accrue on the unused portion of
the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.10(a); 

(b) the Commitment and Credit Exposure of such Defaulting
Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification permitted to be effected by the Required Lenders pursuant to
Section 8.02), and, notwithstanding Section 8.02, any such Defaulting Lender shall not have the right to vote on or consent to any amendment or waiver under this Agreement if such amendment or waiver does not disproportionately in an
adverse manner affect the rights of such Defaulting Lender or increase or extend such Defaulting Lenders Commitment hereunder; 

(c)
if any LC Exposure exist at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 

(i) the LC Exposure of such Defaulting
Lender shall be automatically reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only (x) to the extent the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Credit Exposures does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments and (y) if no Event of Default has occurred or is
continuing at the time of such reallocation; 

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can
only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within ten Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) procure the reduction or termination of the Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial
reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) and/or (y) Cash Collateralize for the benefit of the Issuing Banks only the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure (after giving effect to any
partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above and any reduction of the Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure pursuant to subclause (x) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.04(j) for so long as such LC
Exposure is outstanding; 

48 

(iii) if the Borrower Cash Collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting
Lenders LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.10(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure during the period
such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure are Cash Collateralized; 

(iv) to the extent that the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders are reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the letter of credit fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.10(b) shall to the same extent be adjusted in accordance
with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; 

(v) if all or any
portion of such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is not reallocated, reduced, terminated nor Cash Collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Banks or any other
Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.10(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Banks until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated, reduced,
terminated and/or Cash Collateralized; and 

(vi) Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided with respect
to any Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.18 and shall be released to the Person providing such Cash Collateral following (A) the elimination of the
applicable LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender, (B) the termination of the Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender, or (C) the determination by the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank that there exists excess Cash
Collateral; provided that the Person providing Cash Collateral and each Issuing Bank may agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated LC Exposure or other obligations of a Defaulting Lender. 

(d) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit,
unless the related exposure and the Defaulting Lenders then outstanding LC Exposure after giving effect thereto will be 100% covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or reduced,
terminated and/or Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section 2.19(c), and participating interests in any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a
manner consistent with Section 2.18(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 

If any Issuing Bank has a good
faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its funding obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, such Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter
of Credit, unless such Issuing Bank shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank to defease any risk to such Issuing Bank in respect of such Lender hereunder relating to LC
Exposure. 

49 

In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Issuing Bank agree that a
Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lenders Commitment and on such date such Lender
shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine is necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage; provided that there shall be no
retroactive effect on fees reallocated pursuant to Section 2.18(c)(iv) and (v). 

(e) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or
other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of a Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article 6 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to
Section 8.08 shall, unless the Administrative Agent determines that such application entails a material risk of violation of applicable law or order, be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows:
first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank hereunder;
third, to Cash Collateralize for the benefit of the Issuing Banks such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure (on a pro rata basis to all then outstanding Letters of Credit issued by all Issuing Banks); fourth, as the Borrower may
request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent;
fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans
under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or the Issuing
Banks as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or Issuing Bank against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh,
so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such
Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal
amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in
Section 3.03 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the
payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Credit Exposure of each Lender is held in accordance with such Lenders Commitment without giving effect to Section 2.18(c)(i). Any
payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.18(e) shall be deemed paid to and
redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

50 

Section 2.19. Increase in the Aggregate Commitments. (a) The Borrower may,
at any time but in any event not more than once in any calendar year prior to the Termination Date, by notice to the Administrative Agent, request that the aggregate amount of the Commitments be increased by an amount of $10,000,000 or an integral
multiple thereof (each a Commitment Increase) to be effective as of a date that is not later than 90 days prior to the scheduled Termination Date then in effect (the Increase Date) as specified in the related
notice to the Administrative Agent; provided, however that (i) in no event shall the aggregate amount of the Commitments at any time exceed $2,500,000,000 and (ii) on the date of any request by the Borrower for a Commitment Increase
and on the related Increase Date, the applicable conditions set forth in Section 3.03 shall be satisfied. 

(b) The Administrative
Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of a request by the Borrower for a Commitment Increase, which notice shall include (i) the proposed amount of such requested Commitment Increase, (ii) the proposed Increase Date and (iii) the
date by which Lenders wishing to participate in the Commitment Increase must commit to an increase in the amount of their respective Commitments (the Commitment Date). Each Lender that is willing to participate in such requested
Commitment Increase (each an Increasing Lender) shall, in its sole discretion, give written notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Commitment Date of the amount by which it is willing to increase its Commitment. If
the Lenders notify the Administrative Agent that they are willing to increase the amount of their respective Commitments by an aggregate amount that exceeds the amount of the requested Commitment Increase, the requested Commitment Increase shall be
allocated among the Lenders willing to participate therein in such amounts as are agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, provided that no Lender shall be subject to a Commitment Increase in excess of the amount by which it
is willing to increase its Commitment as indicated in its notice to the Administrative Agent. It is understood and agreed that no Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to any increase in its Commitment. 

(c) Promptly following each Commitment Date, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower as to the amount, if any, by which the Lenders
are willing to participate in the requested Commitment Increase. If the aggregate amount by which the Lenders are willing to participate in any requested Commitment Increase on any such Commitment Date is less than the requested Commitment Increase,
then the Borrower may extend offers to one or more Eligible Assignees to participate in any portion of the requested Commitment Increase that has not been committed to by the Lenders as of the applicable Commitment Date; provided, however,
that the Commitment of each such Eligible Assignee shall be in an amount of $15,000,000 or more. 

(d) On each Increase Date, each Eligible
Assignee that accepts an offer to participate in a requested Commitment Increase in accordance with Section 2.19(b) (each such Eligible Assignee and each Eligible Assignee that agrees to an extension of the Termination Date in accordance with
Section 2.17(b), an Assuming Lender) shall become a Lender party to this Agreement as of such Increase Date and the Commitment of each Increasing Lender for such 

51 

requested Commitment Increase shall be so increased by the amount in the notice delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.19(b) (or by the amount allocated to such Lender
pursuant to the second to the last sentence of Section 2.19(b)) as of such Increase Date; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall have received on or before such Increase Date the following, each dated such date: 

(i) (A) certified copies of the general resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower which authorize the
borrowings under the Commitment Increase and the corresponding modifications to this Agreement and (B) an opinion of counsel for the Borrower (which may be in-house counsel), in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent addressing the matters set forth in Exhibit F; 

(ii) an
assumption agreement from each Assuming Lender, if any, in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Agent (each an Assumption Agreement), duly executed by such Eligible Assignee, the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower; and 

(iii) confirmation from each Increasing Lender of the increase in the amount of its Commitment in a writing
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

On each Increase Date, upon fulfillment of the conditions set forth in the immediately
preceding sentence of this Section 2.19(d), the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders (including, without limitation, each Assuming Lender) and the Borrower, on or before 1:00 p.m. (New York City time), by telecopier, of the occurrence
of the Commitment Increase to be effected on such Increase Date and shall record in the Register the relevant information with respect to each Increasing Lender and each Assuming Lender on such date. Each Increasing Lender and each Assuming Lender
shall, before 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Increase Date, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Administrative Agent, in same day funds, in the case of such Assuming Lender, an amount equal to such Assuming
Lenders ratable portion of the Borrowings then outstanding (calculated based on its Commitment as a percentage of the aggregate Commitments outstanding after giving effect to the relevant Commitment Increase) and, in the case of such
Increasing Lender, an amount equal to the excess of (i) such Increasing Lenders ratable portion of the Borrowings then outstanding (calculated based on its Commitment as a percentage of the aggregate Commitments outstanding after giving
effect to the relevant Commitment Increase) over (ii) such Increasing Lenders ratable portion of the Borrowings then outstanding (calculated based on its Commitment (without giving effect to the relevant Commitment Increase)) as a
percentage of the aggregate Commitments (without giving effect to the relevant Commitment Increase). After the Administrative Agents receipt of such funds from each such Increasing Lender and each such Assuming Lender, the Administrative Agent
will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds to the other Lenders for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices in an amount to each other Lender such that the aggregate amount of the outstanding Loans owing to each
Lender after giving effect to such distribution equals such Lenders ratable portion of the Borrowings then outstanding (calculated based on its Applicable Percentage after giving effect to the relevant Commitment Increase). The respective LC
Exposures of the Lenders shall be redetermined as of the effective date of such increase in proportion to their respective Commitments after giving effect to such increase. 

52 

Section 2.20. Extension of Termination Date. (a) At least 30 days but not
more than 45 days prior to any anniversary of the Effective Date, the Borrower, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, may request an extension of the Termination Date in effect at such time by one year from its then scheduled expiration.
The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of such request, and each Lender shall in turn, in its sole discretion, not later than 20 days prior to such anniversary date, notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing as
to whether such Lender will consent to such extension. If any Lender shall fail to notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing of its consent to any such request for extension of the Termination Date at least 20 days prior to the
applicable anniversary date, such Lender shall be deemed to be a Non-Consenting Lender with respect to such request. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower not later than 15 days prior to the
applicable anniversary date of the decision of the Lenders regarding the Borrowers request for an extension of the Termination Date. 

(b) If all the Lenders consent in writing to any such request in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.20, the
Termination Date in effect at such time shall, effective as at the applicable anniversary date (the Extension Date), be extended for one year; provided that on each Extension Date the applicable conditions set forth in
Section 3.03 shall be satisfied. If less than all of the Lenders consent in writing to any such request in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.20, the Termination Date in effect at such time shall, effective as at the
applicable Extension Date and subject to subsection (d) of this Section 2.20, be extended as to those Lenders that so consented (each a Consenting Lender) but shall not be extended as to any other Lender (each a
Non-Consenting Lender). It is understood and agreed that no Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to any request made by the Borrower for any requested extension of the
Termination Date. 

(c) [Reserved] 

(d) If (after giving effect to any assignments or assumptions pursuant to Section 2.17(b)) Lenders having Commitments equal to at least
50% of the Commitments in effect immediately prior to the Extension Date consent in writing to a requested extension (whether by execution or delivery of an Assumption Agreement or otherwise) not later than one Business Day prior to such Extension
Date, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower, and, subject to the satisfaction of the applicable conditions in Section 3.03, the Termination Date then in effect, with respect to each Consenting Lender and Assuming Lender
therefor, shall be extended for the additional one-year period as described in subsection (a) of this Section 2.20, and all references in this Agreement, and in the Notes, if any, to the Termination
Date shall, with respect to each Consenting Lender and each Assuming Lender for such Extension Date, refer to the Termination Date as so extended. Promptly following each Extension Date, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders (including,
without limitation, each Assuming Lender) of the extension of the scheduled Termination Date in effect immediately prior thereto and shall thereupon record in the Register the relevant information with respect to each such Consenting Lender and each
such Assuming Lender. 

53 

(e) As to any Non-Consenting Lender that is not
replaced pursuant to Section 2.17(b) in connection with any Extension Date, its Commitment shall terminate on the Termination Date without giving effect to such Extension Date, and the respective LC Exposures of the other Lenders shall be
redetermined on such date on the basis of their respective Commitments after giving effect to such termination and the LC Exposure of each Lender whose Commitment terminates at that time shall terminate; provided that the Borrower shall, if
and to the extent necessary to permit such redetermination of the respective LC Exposures of the Lenders within the limits of the Commitments which are not terminated, prepay on such date all or a portion of the outstanding Loans, and such
redetermination and termination of LC Exposures shall be conditioned upon its having done so; and provided further that such Non-Consenting Lenders rights under Section 2.13, 2.15 and 8.03,
and its obligations under Section 8.03(c), shall survive the Termination Date for such Lender as to matters occurring prior to such date. 

ARTICLE 3 

CONDITIONSTO EFFECTIVENESSAND BORROWING

Section 3.01. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Commitments. The Commitments of the Lenders under this Agreement shall
become effective on and as of the first date (the Effective Date) on which the following conditions precedent have been satisfied: 

(a) There shall have occurred no material adverse change in the properties, business, or financial condition of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole since October 27, 2024, except as disclosed in the Borrowers publicly available filings with the SEC or as disclosed in writing to the Lenders, in each case prior to the date hereof. 

(b) Except as set forth under the heading Legal Proceedings in the Borrowers 2024 Form
10-K and other SEC filings filed by Borrower prior to the Effective Date, there shall exist no action, suit or proceeding pending against, or to the knowledge of the Borrower threatened against or affecting,
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or official (i) in which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination which would have a Material Adverse Effect, or
(ii) which in any manner draws into question the validity of this Agreement or the Notes. 

(c) All governmental and third party
consents and approvals necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained (without the imposition of any conditions that are not acceptable to the Lenders) and shall remain in effect, and no law, regulation or
provision in an existing agreement shall be applicable in the reasonable judgment of the Lenders that restrains, prevents or imposes materially adverse conditions upon the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(d) The Borrower shall have notified each Lender and the Administrative Agent in writing as to the proposed Effective Date. 

(e) The Borrower shall have paid (i) all fees then due in accordance herewith and with the Fee Letter and (ii) all invoiced expenses
of the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers (including the accrued reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent). 

54 

(f) On the Effective Date, the following statements shall be true and the Administrative
Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, dated the Effective Date, stating that: 

(i) The representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 are correct on and as of the Effective Date, and 

(ii) No event exists that constitutes a Default. 

(g) The Administrative Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the following, each dated such day, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) From each party hereto, an executed counterpart of this Agreement
delivered by such party or customary written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include electronic transmission of a signed signature page) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 

(ii) The Notes to each Lender that has requested a Note pursuant to Section 2.08. 

(iii) A copy of the certificate of incorporation of the Borrower, together with all amendments thereto, and a certificate of
good standing for the Borrower, each certified by the appropriate governmental officer in its jurisdiction of incorporation. 

(iv) Certified copies of the bylaws of the Borrower and the general resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower which
authorize the Borrower to enter into this Agreement and the Notes, and of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement and the Notes. 

(v) A certificate of a Responsible Officer the Borrower certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the
Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement and the Notes and the other documents to be delivered hereunder. 

(vi) A
favorable opinion of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, counsel for the Borrower addressing the matters set forth in Exhibit E. 

(h) The commitments of the lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement shall have been terminated and all the obligations under the Existing
Credit Agreement shall have been repaid or prepaid (which repayment or prepayment may be made with the proceeds of the initial Borrowing hereunder). 

(i) (i) The Lenders shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable
know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act or other know your customer rules and regulations and (ii) if the Borrower qualifies as a legal
entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, the Borrower shall deliver, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certificate in relation to such Borrower (which requested certificate shall have been received at
least five days prior to the Effective Date). 

55 

Section 3.02. Existing Credit Agreement. (a) On the Effective Date, the
Commitments as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement shall terminate, without further action by any party thereto. 

(b) The
Lenders which are parties to the Existing Credit Agreement, comprising the Required Lenders as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement hereby waive any requirement of prior notice of termination of the Commitments (as defined in the
Existing Credit Agreement) pursuant to Section 2.07 thereof and of prepayment of loans thereunder, to the extent necessary to give effect to Section 3.01(h) hereof, provided that any such prepayment of loans thereunder shall be
subject to Section 2.16 of the Existing Credit Agreement. 

Section 3.03. Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing, Issuance,
Commitment Increase and Extension Date. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of each Borrowing, the obligation of any Issuing Bank to issue a Letter of Credit, each Commitment Increase and each extension of Commitments
pursuant to Section 2.20 shall be subject to the conditions precedent that the Effective Date shall have occurred and on the date of such Borrowing or issuance, the applicable Increase Date or the applicable Extension Date: 

(a) the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Borrowing Request, request for issuance, request for
Commitment Increase or request for Commitment extension and the acceptance by the Borrower of the proceeds of such Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that on the date of such Borrowing or issuance, such Increase
Date or such Extension Date such statements are true): 

(i) the representations and warranties contained in
Section 4.01 (except, in the case of Borrowings, the representations set forth in Sections 4.01(d)(ii) and 4.01(e)), are correct on and as of such date, before and after giving effect to such Borrowing or issuance, such Commitment Increase or
such Extension Date, as though made on and as of such date (or, in the case of any representation made expressly as of a specified date, as of the date so specified), and 

(ii) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Borrowing or issuance, such Commitment Increase or such
Extension Date or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default; 

and (b) in the case of a Commitment Increase or
extension of Commitments pursuant to Section 2.20 only, the Administrative Agent shall have received such other approvals, opinions or documents as any Lender through the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 

Section 3.04. Determinations Under Section 3.01. For purposes of determining compliance with the
conditions specified in Section 3.01, each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or
satisfactory to the Lenders unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the date that the Borrower, by notice to the Lenders,
designates as the proposed Effective Date, specifying its objection thereto. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of the occurrence of the Effective Date. 

56 

ARTICLE 4 

REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIES

Section 4.01. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower. The Borrower represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) Corporate Existence and Power. Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary: 

(i) is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, except, solely
with respect to Subsidiaries, where failure to be duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction of incorporation would not in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(ii) has all requisite power and authority and all necessary licenses and permits to own and operate its properties and to
carry on its business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted, except where failures to have such licenses and permits would not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(iii) is duly licensed or qualified and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction wherein the nature of
the business transacted by it or the nature of the property owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except where failures to be so licensed, qualified or in good standing would not, in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(b) Corporate and Governmental Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by the
Borrower of this Agreement and the Notes are within the Borrowers corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or official,
do not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted by Section 5.02(a) and do not contravene, or constitute a default under (i) the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of the Borrower, (ii) any agreement that purports to affect the Borrowers ability to borrow money or the Borrowers obligations under this Agreement or the Notes, or
any judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) any provision of material applicable law or regulation. 

(c) Binding Effect. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Borrower and the Notes, when executed and delivered
in accordance with this Agreement, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, in each case enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity. 

57 

(d) Financial Information. (i) The consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries as of October 27, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended, reported on by KPMG LLP and set forth in the Borrowers 2024 Form 10-K (or an exhibit thereto), a copy of each of which has been obtained by each of the Lenders, each fairly present, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, the consolidated financial position
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date and their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for such fiscal period. 

(ii) There has been no material adverse change since October 27, 2024, in the business, financial position or results of
operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, except as disclosed in the Borrowers publicly available filings with the SEC prior to the Effective Date. 

(e) Litigation. Except as set forth under the heading Legal Proceedings in the Borrowers 2024 Form 10-K and as disclosed in any publicly available SEC filings of the Borrower made prior to the Effective Date, and then only to the extent that there have been no adverse developments with respect to such Legal
Proceedings since such Form 10-K or in such SEC filings, there is no action, suit or proceeding pending against, or to the knowledge of the Borrower any investigation, action, suit or proceeding
threatened against or affecting, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or official (i) in which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination which would have a
Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) which in any manner draws into question the validity of this Agreement or the Notes. 

(f)
Compliance with ERISA. Each member of the ERISA Group has fulfilled its obligations under the minimum funding standards of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code with respect to each Plan and is in compliance in all material respects with the
presently applicable provisions of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code with respect to each Plan. No member of the ERISA Group has (i) sought a waiver of the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code in
respect of any Plan, (ii) failed to make any contribution or payment to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or in respect of any Benefit Arrangement, or made any amendment to any Plan or Benefit Arrangement, which has resulted or could result in the
imposition of a Lien or the posting of a bond or other security under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code which will violate Section 5.02(a) hereof, (iii) received written notification concerning the imposition of any withdrawal liability
with respect to a Multiemployer Plan, (iv) filed or received a notice of filing under Title IV of ERISA of intent to terminate a Plan or commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (v) incurred any
unpaid liability in excess of $200,000,000 under Title IV of ERISA other than a liability to the PBGC for premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA. No Plan or Multiemployer Plan is insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of
ERISA) or has been determined to be in endangered or critical status (each within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA) and, except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, no
Reportable Event has occurred with respect to a Plan. 

58 

(g) Environmental Matters. The Borrower has a process of conducting periodic internal
reviews relating to compliance by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with Environmental Laws and liabilities thereunder. On the basis of such reviews and other business processes, except as set forth in the Borrowers 2024 Form 10-K and as disclosed in any publicly available SEC filings of the Borrower prior to the date hereof, as of the Effective Date nothing has come to the attention of the Borrower which would lead it to believe that
costs associated with compliance with Environmental Laws or liabilities thereunder (including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenses required for cleanup or closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or Environmental
Permits, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(h) Taxes. All federal and state income tax returns required to be filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in any jurisdiction have, in
fact, been filed and all other tax returns required to be filed in any other jurisdiction have, in fact, been filed, except where the failure to so file in such jurisdictions (other than in connection with federal or state income tax returns) would
not have a Material Adverse Effect, and all taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges upon the Borrower or any Subsidiary or upon any of their respective properties, income or franchises, which are shown to be due and payable in such
returns, have been paid. The provisions for taxes on the books of the Borrower and each Subsidiary are adequate for all open years, and for its current fiscal period. 

(i) Investment Company Act. The Borrower is not an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the
Investment Company Act of 1940. 

(j) Full Disclosure. (i) All written information heretofore furnished by the Borrower to the
Agent and the Lenders for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby does not, and all such written information hereafter furnished by the Borrower to the Agent and the Lenders, including any publicly
available filings made with the SEC, will not, when taken as a whole, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or in the aggregate omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading on the date as of which such
information is stated or certified; provided that with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it
being understood that such projections and forecasts are subject to uncertainties and contingencies and no assurances can be given that such projections or forecasts will be realized). 

(ii) As of the Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Borrower and solely to the extent applicable, the information
included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects. 

(k) Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure
compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and to the knowledge of the Borrower, their respective
officers and employees and its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Borrower or such
Subsidiary, any of their 

59 

respective directors, officers, affiliates or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with
or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions. This
Section 4.01(k) applies with respect to directors, officers, employees or agents of the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries in their capacity as such. 

(l) EEA Financial Institutions. Neither the Borrower nor its Subsidiaries is an EEA Financial Institution. 

ARTICLE 5 

COVENANTSOFTHE BORROWER

Section 5.01. Affirmative Covenants. So long as any Lender shall have any Credit Exposure or any Commitment hereunder, the
Borrower will: 

(a) Compliance with Laws, Etc. (i) Comply, and cause each Subsidiary to comply, in all material respects with
all applicable laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, and requirements of governmental authorities (including, without limitation, Environmental Laws and ERISA and the rules and regulations thereunder) except (A) where the necessity of
compliance therewith is contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (B) where the violation of which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to (x) result in a Material Adverse Effect or (y) if
such violation is not remedied, result in any Lien not permitted under Section 5.02(a), and (ii) maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective
directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 

(b) Payment of Obligations. Pay and
discharge, and cause each Subsidiary to pay and discharge, at or before maturity, all their respective material obligations and liabilities, including, without limitation, tax liabilities, except where the same may be contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings or the failure to pay such obligations and liabilities could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and maintain, and cause each Subsidiary to maintain, in accordance with GAAP, appropriate
reserves for the accrual of any of the same. 

(c) Maintenance of Property; Insurance. (i) Keep, and cause each Subsidiary to
keep, all property material to its business in good working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted) except to the extent that failure to do so could not be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that
nothing in this Section 5.01(c)(i) shall prevent the abandonment of any property if such abandonment does not result in any Default hereunder and the Borrower determines, in the exercise of its reasonable business judgment, that such
abandonment is in the interest of the Borrower. 

(ii) Maintain, and cause each Subsidiary to maintain, insurance coverage
by financially sound and reputable insurers and in such forms and amounts and against such risks as are customary for corporations of similar size engaged in the same or a similar business and owning and operating similar properties in similar
locations. 

60 

(d) Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc. Preserve, renew and keep in full force
and effect, and cause each Subsidiary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect, their respective corporate existence and their respective rights, privileges and franchises, except to the extent that failures to maintain their respective
rights, privileges and franchises could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that nothing in this Section 5.01(d) shall prohibit (A) the merger of a Subsidiary into the Borrower
or the merger or consolidation of a Subsidiary with or into another Person if the corporation surviving such consolidation or merger is a Subsidiary and if, in each case, after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing or (B) the termination of the corporate existence of any Subsidiary if such termination does not result in any Default hereunder and the Borrower determines, in the exercise of its reasonable business judgment, that such termination
is in the interest of the Borrower. 

(e) Visitation Rights. Permit the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (i) to visit and
inspect during normal business hours (at the expense of such Lender unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), under the Borrowers guidance and upon reasonable prior notice if a Default shall have occurred and be continuing
or, so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, upon not less than three Business Days prior notice, any of the properties of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (ii) to examine (to the extent material to ascertaining compliance
with the terms and provisions hereof or to the extent reasonably related to the financial condition or material operations of the Borrower or a Subsidiary) all of their books of account, records, reports and other papers, and to make copies and
extracts therefrom (other than attorney-client privileged and attorney work-product documents) and (iii) to the extent material to ascertaining compliance with the terms and provisions hereof or to the extent reasonably related to the financial
condition or material operations of the Borrower or a Subsidiary, to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective officers, employees (who are managers or officers), and independent public accountants and by this
provision the Borrower authorizes said accountants to discuss with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the finances and affairs of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided that the Administrative Agent or the applicable Lender shall
have given prior written notice to the Borrower of its intention to discuss such finances and affairs with such accountants and have given the Borrower the opportunity to participate in such discussions, all at such reasonable times and as often as
may be reasonably requested. Such inspection and other rights are subject to the provisions of Section 8.12 and applicable law, and shall not extend to trade secrets of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, to information covered by attorney-client
or other privilege or to information subject to third party confidentiality agreements or privacy rights. 

(f) Keeping of Books.
Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time. 

61 

(g) Reporting Requirements; Other Information. Deliver in writing or by email to the
Administrative Agent (except as stated in clauses (i), (ii), (iv) and (vi) below and Section 8.01(b)) or make available electronically: 

(i) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each quarterly fiscal period (except the last) of
each fiscal year, copies of: 

(A) a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such
quarterly fiscal period, setting forth in comparative form the consolidated figures as of the close of the fiscal year then most recently ended, 

(B) consolidated statements of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such quarterly fiscal period and for the
portion of the fiscal year ending with such quarterly fiscal period, in each case setting forth in comparative form the consolidated figures for the corresponding period and portion of the preceding fiscal year and 

(C) a consolidated statement of cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the portion of the fiscal year ending with
such quarterly fiscal period, setting forth in comparative form the consolidated figures for the corresponding period of the preceding fiscal year, 

it being agreed that (1) delivery of such financial statements shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that such financial
statements fairly present, in conformity with GAAP, the consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such quarterly fiscal period and their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the portion
of the fiscal year ending at the end of such quarterly fiscal period (subject to normal year-end adjustments) and (2) the Borrower may satisfy the requirements of this Section 5.01(g)(i) by filing
its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the SEC; provided that such Form 10-Q satisfies the foregoing requirements of this paragraph (i); 

(ii) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the close of each fiscal year of the Borrower, copies of: 

(A) a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year, and 

(B) consolidated statements of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, 

in each case setting forth in comparative form the consolidated figures for the two preceding fiscal years, all in reasonable detail and
accompanied by a report thereon of a firm of independent public accountants of recognized national standing selected by the Borrower to the effect that the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries 

62 

as of the end of the fiscal year being reported on and their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for said year in conformity with GAAP and that the examination of such accountants
in connection with such financial statements has been conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, it being agreed that the Borrower may satisfy the requirements of this Section 5.01(g)(ii) by filing its Annual Report on
Form 10-K with the SEC; provided that such Form 10-K (including the exhibits filed therewith) satisfies the requirements of this paragraph (ii); 

(iii) promptly upon receipt thereof, one copy of each interim or special audit made by independent accountants of the books of
the Borrower or any Subsidiary, in all cases, material to the financial condition or operations of the Borrower or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, and any management letter received from such accountants for the Borrower or
such Subsidiary that is material to the financial condition or operations of the Borrower or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 

(iv) promptly upon their becoming available, (A) one copy of each financial statement, report, notice or proxy statement
sent by the Borrower to stockholders generally and of each regular or periodic report, and any registration statement or prospectus (other than those on Form S-8) filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with
any securities exchange or the SEC or any successor agency; provided that the filing of such document with the SEC shall satisfy such requirement, and (B) one copy of any orders in any proceedings to which the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party, issued by any governmental agency, Federal or state, having jurisdiction over the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, which orders are material to the financial condition or operations of the Borrower or the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 

(v) promptly upon the occurrence thereof, written notice of (A) a Reportable Event
with respect to any Plan; (B) the institution of any steps by the Borrower, any ERISA Affiliate, the PBGC or any other person to terminate any Plan if such termination were to result in a liability of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to the
PBGC in an amount which could materially and adversely affect the condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (C) the institution of any steps by the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate to withdraw from any Plan or any Multiemployer Plan if such withdrawal would result in a liability of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate in an amount which could materially and adversely affect the condition, financial or otherwise, of
the Borrower or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (D) a prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA (which has not been exempted under or pursuant to Section 408 of ERISA) in
connection with any Plan if such prohibited transaction would result in a liability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in an amount which could materially and adversely affect the condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower or of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (E) any increase in the contingent liability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary with respect to any post-retirement welfare liability in an amount that could have a Material Adverse Effect; or
(F) the taking of any action by, or the threat in writing of the taking of any action by, the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor or the PBGC with respect to any of the foregoing; 

63 

(vi) within the periods provided in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, a
certificate of an authorized financial officer of the Borrower stating that such officer has reviewed the provisions of this Agreement and (A) setting forth the information and computations (in sufficient detail) required in order to establish
whether the Borrower was in compliance with the requirements of Sections 5.02(a) and 5.03 at the end of the period covered by the financial statements then being furnished and (B) stating whether there existed as of the date of such financial
statements and whether, to the best of such officers knowledge, there exists on the date of the certificate or existed at any time during the period covered by such financial statements any Default and, if any such condition or event exists on
the date of the certificate, specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and the action the Borrower is taking and proposes to take with respect thereto; provided, that the email of such certificate in accordance with Section 8.01(b)
shall satisfy the delivery requirements of this paragraph; 

(vii) within five days after any officer of the Borrower
obtains knowledge of any Default, if such Default is then continuing, a certificate of the chief financial officer or the chief accounting officer of the Borrower setting forth the details thereof and the action which the Borrower is taking and
proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(viii) promptly upon any change in the Public Debt Rating, a notice reporting such
change and stating the date on which such change was publicly announced by the relevant rating agency; 

(ix) promptly
following any request therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations,
including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and 

(x) from time to time such
additional information regarding the financial position or business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as any Lender through the Agent may reasonably request. 

The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger may, but shall not be obligated to, make available
to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, or a
substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform) and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to
such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and 

64 

conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials
PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material
non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute
Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information; and
(z) the Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side
Information. 

Section 5.02. Negative Covenants. So long as any Lender shall have any Credit Exposure or any Commitment
hereunder, the Borrower will not: 

(a) Liens, Etc. Create, incur or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create,
incur or suffer to exist, any Lien on or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or upon any income or profits therefrom, or acquire or agree to acquire, or permit any Subsidiary to acquire, any property or
assets upon conditional sales agreements or other title retention devices, except: 

(i) Liens for taxes and assessments or
governmental charges or levies and Liens securing claims or demands of mechanics and materialmen, provided that payment thereof is not at the time required by Section 5.01(a) or (b); 

(ii) any Lien of or resulting from any judgment or award; provided that either (A) the amount secured thereby does not
exceed $200,000,000 or (B) if the amount secured thereby does exceed $200,000,000, the time for the appeal or petition for rehearing of such judgment or award shall not have expired, or the Borrower or a Subsidiary shall in good faith be
prosecuting an appeal or proceeding for a review thereof, and execution of such judgment or award shall be stayed pending such appeal or proceeding for review; 

(iii) Liens incidental to the conduct of business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business or the ownership of properties and assets owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including (x) Liens in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other like laws, (y) warehousemens and
attorneys liens and statutory landlords liens and (z) Liens consisting of any right of offset, or statutory or consensual bankers lien, on bank deposits or securities accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business so
long as such bank deposits or securities accounts are not established or maintained for the purpose of providing such right of offset or bankers lien) and Liens to secure the performance of bids, tenders or trade contracts, or to secure
statutory obligations, surety or appeal bonds or other Liens of like general nature incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and not in connection with the borrowing of money, provided in each case, the
obligation secured is not overdue or, if overdue, is being contested in good faith by appropriate actions or proceedings; 

65 

(iv) survey exceptions or encumbrances, encroachments, easements or
reservations, or rights of others for rights-of-way, utilities and other similar purposes, zoning restrictions, declarations of covenants, conditions and restrictions,
other title exceptions or other restrictions as to the use of real properties, which are necessary or appropriate in the good faith judgment of the Borrower for the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and which, individually
or in the aggregate, do not in any event materially impair their use in the operation of the business of the Borrower or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 

(v) Liens securing Indebtedness of a Subsidiary to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary; 

(vi) Liens existing as of the Effective Date and reflected in Schedule 5.02(a) hereto, including any renewals, extensions or
replacements of any such Lien, provided that: 

(A) no additional property is encumbered in connection with any such
renewal, extension or replacement of any such Lien; and 

(B) there is no increase in the aggregate principal amount of Debt
secured by any such Lien from that which was outstanding or permitted to be outstanding with respect to such Lien as of the Effective Date or the date of such renewal, extension or replacement, whichever is greater, other than increases attributable
to accrued interest, premiums, fees and expenses payable by the Borrower in connection with such renewal, extension or replacement; 

(vii) (x) Liens incurred after the Effective Date given to secure the payment of the purchase price and/or other direct
costs incurred in connection with the acquisition, construction, improvement or rehabilitation of assets (including Liens incurred by the Borrower or any Subsidiary securing Debt incurred in connection with industrial development bond and pollution
control financings), and (y) Liens existing on assets at the time of acquisition thereof or at the time of acquisition by the Borrower or a Subsidiary of any business entity (including a Subsidiary) then owning such assets, whether or not such
existing Liens were given to secure the payment of the purchase price of the assets to which they attach, provided that (A) except in the case of Liens existing on assets at the time of acquisition thereof or at the time of acquisition by the
Borrower or a Subsidiary of any business entity (including a Subsidiary) then owning such assets, the Lien shall be created within twelve (12) months of the later of the acquisition of, or the completion of the construction, improvement or
rehabilitation in respect of, such assets and shall attach solely to the assets acquired, purchased, or financed, and (B) except in the case of Liens existing on assets at the time of acquisition thereof or at the time of acquisition by the
Borrower or a Subsidiary of any business entity (including a Subsidiary) then owning such assets or Liens in connection with 

66 

industrial development bond or pollution control financings, at the time of the incurrence of such Lien, the aggregate amount remaining unpaid on all Debt secured by Liens on such assets whether
or not assumed by the Borrower or a Subsidiary shall not exceed an amount equal to 75% of the lesser of the total purchase price or fair market value, at the time such Debt is incurred, of such assets (as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors of the Borrower); 

(viii) Liens arising from the sale or transfer of accounts receivable and notes of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, provided that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall receive adequate consideration therefor; 

(ix) Liens on notes or accounts receivable sold or transferred in a transaction which is accounted for as a true sale under
GAAP; 

(x) Liens securing Debt and other obligations, to the extent that such Liens are not otherwise permitted by this
Section 5.02(a), provided that immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of any such Lien, the sum of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Debt and other obligations secured by Liens permitted solely by reason of this
Section 5.02(a)(x) (together with any renewals, extensions, refinancings or refundings thereof) shall not exceed the higher of (A) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets and (B) $1,000,000,000; 

(xi) Liens incurred in connection with any renewals, extensions, refinancings or refundings of any Debt secured by Liens
described in Sections 5.02(a)(vii), (viii), (ix) or (x), provided that there is no increase in the aggregate principal amount of Debt secured thereby, other than increases attributable to accrued interest, premiums, fees and expenses payable
by the Borrower in connection with such renewal, extension or refinancing or refunding, and no additional property is encumbered; 

(xii) Liens on assets securing obligations under Hedge Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business and for non-speculative purposes, provided that the aggregate fair market value of assets pledged in reliance on this clause (xii) shall not at any time exceed $50,000,000; 

(xiii) Liens of collecting banks arising under Section 4-210 of the UCC; 

(xiv) Liens of issuers or nominated persons arising under Section 5-118 of the UCC
on documents presented under letters of credit; 

(xv) Liens arising by virtue of UCC financing statement filings (or
similar filings under applicable law) regarding operating leases entered into by the Borrower and any Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; and 

(xvi) Liens arising out of consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business. 

67 

In the event that any property of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries is subjected to a lien in violation of
this Section 5.02(a), but no other provision of this Agreement (the Indebtedness secured by such lien being referred to as Prohibited Secured Indebtedness), such violation shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder if
the Borrower, substantially simultaneously with the incurrence of such lien, makes or causes to be made a provision whereby the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents will be secured equally and ratably with all Prohibited Secured
Indebtedness and delivers to the Agent and the Lenders an opinion to that effect, and, in any case, such obligations shall have the benefit, to the full extent that, and with such priority as, the Lenders may be entitled to under applicable law, of
an equitable lien to secure such obligations on such property of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries that secures Prohibited Secured Indebtedness. The opinion referred to in the preceding sentence shall be addressed to the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders, shall contain such qualifications and limitations as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders and shall be delivered by counsel of nationally recognized standing selected by the Borrower and
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. Such counsel shall be deemed to be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders unless, during the 15 day period after the Administrative Agent has received
written notice identifying such counsel, the Administrative Agent shall have objected to such selection in writing to the Borrower. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Section 5.02(a) shall not apply to Treasury Stock. 

(b) Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets. Consolidate or merge with or into any other Person or sell, lease or otherwise
transfer, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of its assets to any other Person; provided that the Borrower may merge with another Person if immediately after giving effect to such merger (x) no Default shall exist, and
(y) the Borrower is the surviving entity. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Section 5.02(b) shall not apply
to Treasury Stock. 

(c) Accounting Changes. Make or permit, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make or permit, any change in
accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required or permitted by GAAP. 

(d) Change in Nature of Business. Engage, or
permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage, in any business if, as a result, the primary business, taken on a consolidated basis, which would then be engaged in by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would be substantially different from those lines of
business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries immediately prior thereto or in connection with any business reasonably related or ancillary thereto. 

68 

(e) Use of Proceeds. (i) Use proceeds of the Loans made under this Agreement,
directly or indirectly, for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying Margin Stock that would result in a violation of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time
to time, or (ii) request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, or use, and its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (A) in
furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating
any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, businesses or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the
United States or in a European Union member state, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 

(f) Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into or be a party to, or permit any Subsidiary to enter into or be a party to, any transaction
or arrangement with any Affiliate (including, without limitation, the purchase from, sale to or exchange of property with, or the rendering of any service by or for, any Affiliate), except in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable
requirements of the Borrowers or such Subsidiarys (as the case may be) business and upon fair and reasonable terms or on terms no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than would be obtained in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, except where failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.03. Financial Covenant. So long as any Lender shall have any Credit Exposure or any Commitment hereunder, the Borrower
will not permit the Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, to be less than 3.00 to 1.00. 

ARTICLE 6 

EVENTSOF DEFAULT

Section 6.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events (Events of
Default) shall occur and be continuing: 

(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or to reimburse any LC
Disbursement when due or shall fail to pay any interest, fee, or other amount payable hereunder within three Business Days or five days after it becomes due, whichever is later; 

(b) any representation, warranty, certification or statement made by the Borrower in this Agreement or in any certificate, financial statement
or other document delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made (or deemed made); 

(c) the Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement on its part to be
performed or observed (other than clause (a) above) if such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Agent or any Lender; 

(d) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment in respect of any Material Financial Obligations when due or within any
applicable grace period; 

69 

(e) any event or condition shall occur which results in the acceleration of the maturity of
any Material Debt or enables (after the lapse of any cure period and the receipt of any required notices) the holder of such Debt or any Person acting on such holders behalf to accelerate the maturity thereof; 

(f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief
with respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of
its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the foregoing; provided that no event otherwise constituting an
Event of Default under this clause (f) shall be an Event of Default if the total assets of all entities with respect to which an event has occurred which would otherwise have constituted an Event of Default under this clause (f) or clause
(g) do not exceed $200,000,000 in the aggregate; 

(g) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Borrower
or any Subsidiary seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator,
custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 days; or an order for relief shall be entered against the
Borrower or any Subsidiary under the federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect; provided that no event otherwise constituting an Event of Default under this clause (g) shall be an Event of Default if the total assets of all entities
with respect to which an event has occurred which would otherwise have constituted an Event of Default under clause (f) or this clause (g) do not exceed $200,000,000 in the aggregate; 

(h) any ERISA Affiliate shall fail to pay when due (or in the case of an ERISA Affiliate acquired by the Borrower or a Subsidiary after the
due date thereof, within 30 days after such ERISA Affiliate is so acquired) an amount or amounts aggregating in excess of $200,000,000 which it shall have become liable to pay under Title IV of ERISA; or notice of intent to terminate a Material Plan
shall be filed under Title IV of ERISA by any ERISA Affiliate, any plan administrator or any combination of the foregoing; or the PBGC shall institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate, to impose liability (other than for premiums
under Section 4007 of ERISA) in respect of, or to cause a trustee to be appointed to administer any Material Plan; or there shall occur a complete or partial withdrawal from, or a default, within the meaning of Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA,
with respect to, one or more Multiemployer Plans which could cause one or more ERISA Affiliates to incur a current payment obligation in excess of $200,000,000; 

70 

(i) final judgments or orders for the payment of money in excess of $200,000,000 in the
aggregate (excluding amounts with respect to which a financially sound and reputable insurer has admitted liability as provided below) shall be rendered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary and such judgments or orders shall continue unsatisfied,
unbonded, unvacated or unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive days; provided, however, that any such judgment or order shall not be an Event of Default under this Section 6.01(i) if and for so long as and to the extent that (i) the amount
of such judgment or order is covered (subject to deductibles) by a valid and binding policy of insurance between the defendant and the insurer or insurers covering payment thereof, (ii) such insurer shall be rated, or, if more than one insurer,
at least 90% of such insurers as measured by the amount of risk insured shall be rated, at least A- by A.M. Best Company or its successor or successors, and (iii) such insurer(s) has been
notified of, and has not refused the claim made for payment of, the amount of such judgment or order; or 

(j) either (i) any person
or group of persons (within the meaning of Section 13 or 14 of the Exchange Act) shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the SEC under said Act) of 35% or
more of the outstanding shares of Voting Stock of the Borrower; or (ii) during any period of 12 consecutive calendar months, commencing before or after the date of this Agreement, individuals who were directors of the Borrower on the first day
of such period (the Initial Directors) shall cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the board of directors of the Borrower unless the Persons replacing such individuals were nominated or elected by a majority of the directors
(x) who were Initial Directors at the time of such nomination or election and/or (y) who were nominated or elected, or whose election or nomination for election to the board of directors of the Borrower was approved, by a majority of
directors who were Initial Directors at the time of such nomination or election; 

then, and in any such event, the Agent (i) shall at the request, or
may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the obligation of each Lender to make Loans to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of
the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Loans, all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Loans, all such interest and all such amounts shall become and
be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower and (iii) may take the remedies outlined in, and rely on the provisions of,
Section 2.04(j); provided, however, that in the case of any of the Events of Default specified in clause (f) or (g) above with respect to the Borrower, (A) the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and each Issuing Bank to
issue Letters of Credit shall be automatically terminated and (B) the Loans, all such interest and all such amount shall automatically, without any notice to the Borrower or any other act by the Agent or any Lender, become and be due and
payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. 

ARTICLE
7 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative
Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 

71 

The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers
in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in
any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the
Lenders. 

The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default
has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other
Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 8.02)
and (c) except as expressly set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is
communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required
Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 8.02) or in the absence of its own
gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is
given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with
any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth
herein, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 3 or elsewhere herein, other than to
confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to
rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The
Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal
counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

72 

The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and
powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties
and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the
Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as
Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and
nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving at least thirty days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks
and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have
been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the
Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower
(which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its
predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to and become vested
with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent
by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agents resignation hereunder as
Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 

Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted
such appointment within thirty days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the
Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and
(ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan
Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than 

73 

the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall
directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agents resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article and Section 8.03, as well as any exculpatory,
reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related
Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 

Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and
information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such
documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any related agreement or any document furnished
hereunder or thereunder. 

Nothing in the Loan Documents shall impose on any Agent other than the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as
an Agent, or on any Arranger, other than in its capacity, as applicable, as a Lender, any obligation or liability whatsoever. 

Without
limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time,
where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender
Recipient Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent,
at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any
discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable
Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 

74 

ARTICLE 8 

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 8.01. Notices. (a) All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing
(including bank wire, facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to such party: (i) in the case of the Borrower at its address or facsimile number set forth below; provided that notices to the Borrower given pursuant
to Sections 6.01, 8.04 or 8.08 shall be delivered by mail or express delivery to the address set forth below (and not by facsimile or other electronic means), (ii) in the case of the Administrative Agent, at its address or facsimile number set forth
below, (iii) in the case of any Lender or Issuing Bank, at its address or facsimile number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire or (iv) in the case of any party, such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter
specify for the purpose by notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (x) if given by facsimile, when such facsimile is transmitted to the facsimile number specified
in this Section 8.01 and the appropriate answerback is received, (ii) if given by mail, three Business Days after such communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid or (iii) if given
by any other means, when delivered at the address specified in this Section 8.01; provided that notices to the Administrative Agent or an Issuing Bank under Article 2 shall not be effective until received. 

Borrowers Address:

Applied Materials, Inc. 

3050
Bowers Avenue, M/S 1245 

P.O. Box 58039 

Santa Clara, CA 95052-8039 

Attention: Harrison Lee, Treasurer 

Email: [***] 

and 

Applied Materials, Inc. 

3050
Bowers Avenue, M/S 5030 

P.O. Box 58039 

Santa Clara, CA 95052-8039 

Attention: Teri A. Little, 

Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

Email: [***] 

Administrative
Agents Address:

For payments and requests for credit extensions: 

Bank of America, N.A. 

Dedicated
Servicing 

4500 Amon Carter Blvd 

Fort Worth, TX 76155 

Mail Code: TX2-979-02-22

Attention:
Charlotte Conn 

Phone: [***] 

Email: [***] 

Account No.: [***]

Ref: Applied Materials Inc 

ABA# [***] 

75 

Other Notices for Administrative Agent: 

Bank of America, N.A. 

Agency
Management 

900 West Trade Street 

Gateway Village 900 Building 

Mail Code:
NC1-026-06-03

Charlotte, NC 28255 

Attn: Dianna
(Dottie) Benner 

Phone: [***] 

Email: [***] 

Issuing Banks: 

Bank of America Trade Operations 

Mail Code:
PA6-580-02-30

1
Fleet Way 

Scranton, PA 18507 

Phone: [***] 

Fax: [***] 

Email: [***] 

(b) Notices and
other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article 2
unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to
procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 

Section 8.02. Waivers; Amendments. (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in
exercising any right or power under any Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders under the Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or
remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section,
and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or the issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed
as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 

76 

(b) Subject to Section 2.12(b), no Loan Document (other than the Fee Letter) nor any
provision thereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into (x) by the Borrower and the Required Lenders and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, or (y) by the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that, subject to Section 2.18(b), no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender,
(ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or, subject to Section 2.12(b), rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby,
(iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of
any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.16 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender,
(v) change Section 2.04(c) in a manner that would extend the maturity of any Letter of Credit to a date after the Termination Date without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby or (vi) change any of the provisions of
this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent
hereunder, including Section 2.18(b), without the written consent of each Lender; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank
hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be; and provided further that the Administrative Agent may, with the written consent of the Borrower but without the consent of any
other Lender, amend, modify or supplement the Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency, so long as such amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender. 

Section 8.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative
Agent, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof (whether or not the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance,
amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative
Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with the
Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket
expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to reimburse the legal fees and expenses of more than one

77 

outside counsel (in addition to any special counsel and up to one local counsel in each applicable local jurisdiction) for all Persons indemnified under this clause (a) unless, (w) in the
written opinion of outside counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, representation of all such indemnified persons would be inappropriate due to the existence of an actual or potential conflict of interest;
(x) the Administrative Agent, any such Issuing Bank or any such Lender shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or additional to those available to the other indemnified persons;
(y) the Administrative Agent, any such Issuing Bank or any such Lender shall have reasonably concluded that it otherwise has interests divergent from those of the indemnified persons; or (z) the Borrower shall authorize in writing the
Administrative Agent, any such Issuing Bank or any such Lender to employ separate counsel at the Borrowers expense. 

(b) The
Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless
from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection
with, or as a result, of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including (A) any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in
connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (B) any honor by an Issuing Bank of a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand at least
substantially comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) the actual or alleged presence of Hazardous Substances on any property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Environmental Action relating in any way to the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party
thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent (A) that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by
final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any Subsidiary against any Indemnitee for material breach of such
Indemnitees express obligations hereunder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any failure by such Indemnitee to comply with its obligation to fund any portion of its Loans as required hereby) or under any other Loan Document, if the
Borrower or such Subsidiary has obtained a final and non-appealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (z) arise out of or are in connection with
any claim not involving an act or omission of the Borrower or its Affiliates and result from a claim brought by any Indemnitee against any other Indemnitee (other than against any Arranger or the Administrative Agent in their respective capacities
as such), or (B) any settlement with respect to such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses is entered into by such Indemnitee without Borrowers written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).
This Section 8.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 

78 

(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the
Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined
as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was
incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank in its capacity as such; and provided further that any such payment by any Lender shall not affect the Borrowers obligations pursuant to paragraph (a) or
(b) of this Section. 

(d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against
any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument
contemplated thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. 

(e) All amounts due under this Section shall be
payable promptly after written demand therefor. 

Section 8.04. Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the
Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and
(ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties
hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly
contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion
of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of: 

(A) the Borrower; provided that (x) no consent of the Borrower shall be required under this subclause (A) for
an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee and (y) the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall
object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five Business Days after its actual receipt of written notice thereof; 

79 

(B) each Issuing Bank; and 

(C) the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) each assignment shall be to an Eligible Assignee; 

(B) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount
of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered
to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $10,000,000 (or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof) unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed
to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five Business Days after its actual receipt of written notice thereof and provided, further, that no such
consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(C) each partial
assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement; 

(D) the parties to each assignment (except for the assigning Lender, if such Lender is being replaced pursuant to
Section 2.17(b)) shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with (except in the case of an assignment by a Lender to an Affiliate of such Lender) a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; 

(E) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in
which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) will be made
available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignees compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws; and 

(F) without the written consent of the Borrower, in no event shall any assignment to any Person (other than an Arranger or
Affiliate of an Arranger) result in the assignee (together with its Affiliates) holding more than 25% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments. 

80 

For the purposes of this Section 8.04(b), the term Approved Fund has
the following meaning: 

Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in
making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an
Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to
paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the
rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of
an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and
8.03; provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having
been a Defaulting Lender). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 8.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a
participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 

(iv) The
Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the
recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and the principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The
entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender
hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior
notice. 

(v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender (unless such
Lender is being replaced pursuant to Section 2.17(b)) and an assignee, the assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in
paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in

81 

the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(b), 2.16(d) or
8.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest
thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Banks, sell participations to one or
more banks or other entities (other than a natural person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrowers
Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that
(A) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to
which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such
agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in clauses (i) through (iv) in the first proviso to Section 8.02(b) that
affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.13, 2.14 and 2.15 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its
interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 8.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be
subject to Section 2.16(c) as though it were a Lender. 

(ii) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any
greater payment under Section 2.13 or 2.15 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be
entitled to the benefits of Section 2.15 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.15(e) as though it were a Lender.
A Participant shall be subject to the mitigation obligations and the right of replacement by the Borrower under Section 2.17 to the same extent as if it were a Lender. 

(iii) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a
non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the
Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all 

82 

or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters
of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) and Proposed Section 1.163-5 of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent
manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 

(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure
obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or
assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

Section 8.05. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the
certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the
making of any Loans regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect
representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is
outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.13, 2.15 and Article 8 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 

Section 8.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including
Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower and each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees that any Electronic Signature on or
associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation
of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient,
including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or

83 

acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into
another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic
Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an
original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank is under any obligation
to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent and
the Issuing Banks have agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower and/or any Lender Party
without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record
and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

Neither the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency,
validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents or the Issuing Banks reliance
on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any
other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by
telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 

The Borrower hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement,
any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender Party and each Related Party for any liabilities
arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lender Partys reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower to use any available security measures in
connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 

84 

Section 8.07. Severability. Any provision of any Loan Document held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section 8.08. Right of Set-off.If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final)
at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by
such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of set-off, all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18(e) and, pending such payment, shall be
segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and
remedies (including other rights of set-off) which such Lender may have. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such
set-off and application made by such Lender; provided, however, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and
application. 

Section 8.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. (a) This Agreement shall
be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 

(b) Each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally
submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from
any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of
any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive
and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any
action or proceeding relating to any Loan Document against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 

(c) Each
party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to
any Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or
proceeding in any such court. 

85 

(d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner
provided for notices in Section 8.01. Nothing in any Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

Section 8.10. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

Section 8.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only,
are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

Section 8.12. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the
confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being
understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority;
provided that, except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or by any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such
Lender, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts to promptly notify the Borrower of such disclosure (unless such disclosure is not legally permissible), (c) (i) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or
similar legal process or (ii) in connection with any pledge or assignment permitted under Section 8.04(d), it being understood that, in the case of this subclause (ii), the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the
confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to
this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or
Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction, or any actual or prospective credit insurance provider, relating to
the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the
Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the 

86 

Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or their respective
businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement
routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is
clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised
the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein prohibits any individual from communicating or disclosing
information regarding suspected violations of laws, rules, or regulations to a governmental, regulatory, or self-regulatory authority without any notification to any person. 

Section 8.13. USA Patriot Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is
required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the PATRIOT
Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries shall provide such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in order to assist the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders in maintaining compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Section 8.14. No Fiduciary Duty. Each Agent, Issuing Bank, Lender and their Affiliates may have economic interests that conflict
with those of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, their respective stockholders and/or their respective Affiliates. The Borrower agrees that in connection with all aspects of the Loans and Letters of Credit contemplated by this Agreement and any
communications in connection therewith, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and their Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by implication or
otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or their Affiliates, and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications. 

Section 8.15. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any
Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

87 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution
Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such
liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 8.16.
Certain ERISA Matters. Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases
being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will
be true: 

(a) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or
more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement, 

(b) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for
certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank
collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such
Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(c) (1) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of
PTE 84-14), (2) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this
Agreement, (3) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of
Part I of PTE 84-14 and (4) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into,
participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

88 

(d) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the
Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

In addition, unless clause (a) in the immediately preceding paragraph
is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in clause (d) in the immediately preceding paragraph, such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date
such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger
and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation
Agent or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement
(including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

The Administrative Agent, and each Arranger, Syndication Agent and Co-Documentation Agent hereby
informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the
transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (1) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (2) may recognize a gain if it
extended the Loans or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (3) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees,
minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the
foregoing. For the purposes of this Section 8.16, each reference to a Lender shall be deemed to include an Issuing Bank, and each reference to a Loan or the Commitments shall be deemed to include Letters of
Credit and participations therein. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

89 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Harrison Lee

Name: Harrison Lee

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ Dianna Benner

Name: Dianna Benner

Title: Assistant Vice President

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Lender and Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Haley Heslip

Name: Haley Heslip

Title: Director

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

BNP PARIBAS, as Lender and Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Nicole Rodriguez

Name: Nicole Rodriguez

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Nicolas Doche

Name: Nicolas Doche

Title: Vice President

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

CITIBANK, N.A., as Lender and Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Daniel Boselli

Name: Daniel Boselli

Title: Vice President

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender and Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Vicky Tooma

Name: Vicky Tooma

Title: Vice President

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., as Lender and Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Tracy Rahn

Name: Tracy Rahn

Title: Managing Director

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Lender and Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Lillian Kim

Name: Lillian Kim

Title: Director

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

Commerzbank AG, New York Branch, as Lender

By: 

/s/ Paolo de Alessandrini

Name: Paolo de Alessandrini

Title: Managing Director

By: 

/s/ Jeff Sullivan

Name: Jeff Sullivan

Title: Vice President

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as Lender

By: 

/s/ Dan Starr

Name: Dan Starr

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

KeyBank National Association, as Lender

By: 

/s/ Brian Fox

Name: Brian Fox

Title: Senior Vice President

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

STANDARD CHARTERED BANK, as Lender

By: 

/s/ Kristopher Tracy

Name: Kristopher Tracy

Title: Director, Financing Solutions

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as Lender

By: 

/s/ Yipeng Zhang

Name: Yipeng Zhang

Title: Vice President

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK,

NEW YORK BRANCH, as Lender

By: 

/s/ Tim Brogan

Name: Tim Brogan

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited,

New York Branch, as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Yu Wang

Name: Yu Wang

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Yuanyuan Peng

Name: Yuanyuan Peng

Title: Executive Director

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement] 

OVERSEA-CHINESE BANKING CORPORATION LIMITED, NEW YORK AGENCY, as Lender

By: 

/s/ Grace Sun

Name: Grace Sun

Title: Deputy General Manager

[Applied Materials Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>amat-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>amat-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>amat-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name APPLIED MATERIALS INC /DE

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000006951

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 000-06920

Entity Tax Identification Number 94-1655526

Entity Address, Address Line One 3050 Bowers Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two P.O. Box 58039

Entity Address, City or Town Santa Clara

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95052-8039

City Area Code (408)

Local Phone Number 727-5555

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

Trading Symbol AMAT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.appliedmaterials.com//20250224/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

amat-20250224.xsd 
amat-20250224_lab.xml 
amat-20250224_pre.xml 
d830912d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-039328-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d830912d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000006951 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

APPLIED MATERIALS INC /DE 
false 
0000006951 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
DE 
000-06920 
94-1655526 
3050 Bowers Avenue 
P.O. Box 58039 
Santa Clara 
CA 
95052-8039 
(408) 
727-5555 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $.01 per share 
AMAT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>