<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-020183.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-020183.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304160902
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-020183
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241118
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Spectral AI, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001833498
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40058
		FILM NUMBER:		25704360

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2515 MCKINNEY AVE #1000
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 492-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2515 MCKINNEY AVE #1000
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rosecliff Acquisition Corp I
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201123
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea023265302-8k_spectral.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000183349800018334982024-11-182024-11-180001833498MDAI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2024-11-182024-11-180001833498MDAI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2024-11-182024-11-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
November 18, 2024

SPECTRAL
AI, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40058 85-3987148

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2515 McKinney Avenue, Suite 1000

Dallas, Texas 75201

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(972) 499-4934

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencements communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on 

which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share MDAI The NasdaqStock Market LLC

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share MDAIW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On November 18, 2024, Spectral AI, Inc. (the
Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with an investor
(the Investor) for the sale of (i) 920,000 shares (Shares) of our common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (Common Stock), at an offering price of $1.38 per share, and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 725,000
shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants) at an offering price of $1.38 per Pre-Funded Warrant (such transactions,
the Offering); provided, however, if there is at least a 20% reduction in the price per share of Common Stock on the Closing
Day, the offering price may be amended upon mutual consent of the parties. The Pre-Funded Warrants have an exercise price of $0.001 per
share of Common Stock and are exercisable immediately upon issuance.

The sale and issuance of the Shares and the shares of Common Stock underlying
the Pre-Funded Warrants (Pre-Funded Warrant Shares) is being made pursuant to the Companys registration statement
on Form S-3 (file number 333-282681) (the Registration Statement), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) on October 16, 2024 and declared effective on October 31, 2024, and the Companys prospectus supplement relating
to the Offering, which was filed with the SEC on November 18, 2024, that forms part of the Registration Statement.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties
and agreements by us and customary conditions to closing. Under the Purchase Agreement, subject to certain exceptions, the Investor has
an option (the Option) to purchase additional shares of Common Stock (Additional Shares) up to the lesser
of (i) $5,000,000 in aggregate proceeds or (ii) the remaining available capacity based on one-third of our public float pursuant to General
Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 (such amount, the Commitment Amount). In the event the Option is exercised, the price of any
Additional Shares sold shall be the lesser of (x) the closing price of our Common Stock on the previous trading day or (y) the 5-day volume-weighted
average price of our Common Stock. We have agreed, under the Purchase Agreement, to grant to the Investor the right of first refusal for
any equity offering during the period commencing on the effective date of the Purchase Agreement and expiring on the date that is ten
business days following the date on which the Investor has purchased securities equal to the Commitment Amount under the Purchase Agreement,
subject to certain exceptions.

A copy of the legal opinion of Reed Smith LLP, relating to the validity
of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares in connection with the Offering is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form
8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of securities in
any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the
securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement
and Pre-Funded Warrants, do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to such documents (or forms thereof),
which are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by
reference.

1

This report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such forward-looking statements may include statements related
to the completion of the registered direct offering, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the registered direct
offering, the intended use of proceeds from the registered direct offering and other statements that are not statements of historical
fact and, in some cases, may be identified by words like anticipate, assume, believe, continue,
could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential,
predict, project, future, will, should, would, seek
and similar terms or phrases. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on management's current expectations,
which are subject to uncertainty, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the
Company's control. Important factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements are more fully discussed in the Company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC),
including the risk factors described under the heading Risk Factors in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024, and other documents subsequently filed with or furnished to the SEC.

Any forward-looking statement made in this Current
Report on Form 8-K speaks only as of the date hereof. Factors or events that could cause the Company's actual results to differ from the
statements contained herein may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of them. Except as required
by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future developments or otherwise.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant.

5.1 Opinion of Reed Smith LLP.

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 18, 2024.

23.1 Consent of Reed Smith LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 4, 2025

SPECTRAL AI, INC.

By: /s/ Vincent S. Capone

Name: Vincent S. Capone

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer and

General Counsel

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023265302ex4-1_spectral.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE
SECURITIES UNDERLYING THIS SECURITY HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS,
UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO: (1) RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (2) AN OPINION OF HOLDERS COUNSEL, IN A
CUSTOMARY FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

WARRANT

SPECTRAL AI, INC.

Warrant Shares: 725,000 Issuance Date: December 5, 2024

THIS COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Liqueous LP (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
November 18, 2024 (the Issuance Date) and on or prior to the close of business on the third anniversary of the Issuance
Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Spectral AI, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to 725,000 shares (the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock The purchase
price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Purchase Price, as defined in Section 1.

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Agreement), dated November 18, 2024, between the Company and the Holder. Provided notwithstanding the forgoing,
for purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Business
Day means any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading including any day on which the Principal Market is open
for trading for a period of time less than the customary time.

(b) Common
Stock means the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company.

(c) Principal
Market means The NASDAQ Capital Market; provided, however, that in the event the Common Stock is ever not listed or traded
on The NASDAQ Capital Market and is listed or traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT, the
NYSE Arca or the OTC Bulletin Board (it being understood that as used herein OTC Bulletin Board shall also mean any successor
or comparable market quotation system or exchange to the OTC Bulletin Board such as the OTCQB operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc.),
then the Principal Market shall mean such other market or exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or traded.

(d) Purchase Price shall mean $1.36 per Warrant Share.

(e) Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, or such other Person who is then serving as the transfer agent
for the Company in respect of the Common Stock.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Issuance Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company
as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company)
of a duly executed facsimile copy of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto; and, within three (3) Business Days of the date said
Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company, the Company shall have received payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the shares
thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank or, if available, pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure specified in Section 2(c) below. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has exercised all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has
been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Business
Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in exercises of
a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares exercisable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares exercised. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares exercised and the date of such exercises. The Company shall deliver any objection
to any Notice of Exercise Form within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the
records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the exercise of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.001 per share, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. At the Holders sole discretion this Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless
exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a certificate for the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = the Purchase Price;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless
exercise.

2

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Certificates Upon
Exercise. Certificates for shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the
account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian
(DWAC) system if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective
registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this
Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery to the address specified by the Holder in the
Notice of Exercise by the date that is three (3) Business Days after the latest of (A) the delivery to the Company of the Notice of
Exercise Form, (B) surrender of this Warrant (if required) and (C) payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth above
(including by cashless exercise, if permitted) (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). This Warrant shall
be deemed to have been exercised on the first date on which all of the foregoing have been delivered to the Company. The Warrant
Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have
become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the
Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any,
having been paid.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the certificate or certificates representing Warrant Shares, deliver
to Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of Holder to exercise the unexercised Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new
Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
difference between the Purchase Price and the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

iv. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such certificate, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such certificates shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event certificates for Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant
when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company
may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.

v. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Warrant, this Warrant shall not be exercisable
by the Holder hereof to the extent (but only to the extent) that the Holder or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in
excess of 4.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of the Common Stock. To the extent the above limitation applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant shall be exercisable (vis--vis other convertible, exercisable or exchangeable
securities owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates) and of which such securities shall be exercisable (as among all such
securities owned by the Holder) shall, subject to such Maximum Percentage limitation, be determined on the basis of the first
submission to the Company for conversion, exercise or exchange (as the case may be). No prior inability to exercise this Warrant
pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any
subsequent determination of exercisability. For the purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership and all determinations and
calculations (including, without limitation, with respect to calculations of percentage ownership) shall be determined in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The provisions of this paragraph shall
be implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this paragraph to correct this paragraph (or any
portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Maximum Percentage beneficial ownership limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such Maximum Percentage limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor Holder of this Warrant. For purposes of the Warrant,
Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act.

3

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the number of Warrants shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, such that the proportional
number of Warrants shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after
the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) any, direct or indirect, purchase
offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common
Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the
holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a
reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more
than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other
Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise
of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise
immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or
of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock
for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section
2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the
Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company
under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(b) pursuant to written
agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Warrant, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this
Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity)
equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the
Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the
provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the
Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company
under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the
Company herein.

4

c) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the
assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. The Warrant,
if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new
Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issuance Date set forth on the first page of this Warrant
and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

5

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Authorized
Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any rights under this
Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged
with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of the rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares
may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon
which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the rights
represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes
in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder,
the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid
the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all
such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this
Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. Before taking
any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable, the Company shall
obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies
having jurisdiction thereof.

d) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Agreement.

e) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Agreement.

6

f) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

g) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

h) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has
caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

SPECTRAL AI, INC.

By: /s/ Dr.
J. Michael DiMaio

Name: Dr. J. Michael DiMaio

Title: Chairman of the Office of the Chairman

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: SPECTAL AI, INC.

(1) The undersigned
hereby elects to exercise _______ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in
full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United
States; or

the cancellation of such
number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect
to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

() Please issue a certificate or certificates
representing said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: Liqueous LP

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date:

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign
the foregoing warrant, execute 

this form and supply required information. 

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____]
all of or [_____] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

whose address is

.

Dated: ______________, _________

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

Signature Guaranteed: 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment
Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever,
and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity
should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023265302ex5-1_spectral.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF REED SMITH LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Reed Smith LLP

599 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10022-7650

+1 212 521 5400

Fax +1 212 521 5450

reedsmith.com

March 4, 2025

Spectral AI, Inc.

2515 McKinney Avenue, Suite 1000

Dallas, Texas 75201

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special counsel to Spectral AI,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the offer and sale by the Company of (a) 920,000 shares
(the Shares) of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock),
(b) 725,000 pre-funded warrants to purchase Common Stock at an exercise price equal to $0.01 share of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded
Warrants), and (c) the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares),
pursuant to that certain Purchase Notice dated November 15, 2024 (the Purchase Notice), delivered in accordance with
that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 18, 2024, by and between the Company and a certain investor party thereto (together
with the Purchase Notice, the Securities Purchase Agreement).

The Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares were
offered and sold pursuant to the Companys shelf-registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on October
16, 2024 (Registration No. 333-282681) (the Registration Statement), a base prospectus dated October 31, 2024 (the
Base Prospectus) and the prospectus supplement dated November 18, 2024, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule
424(b) under the Securities Act (together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus).

This opinion letter is being furnished in accordance
with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.

We have reviewed originals or copies of (a) the
Registration Statement, (b) the Prospectus, (c) an executed copy of the Securities Purchase Agreement, (d) the certificate of incorporation
and bylaws of the Company, as amended through the date hereof, and (e) certain resolutions of the board of directors of the Company or
committees thereof. We have also examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents,
corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or advisable as a basis for the
opinion set forth below.

In rendering the opinion set forth below, we have
assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons, the authenticity of all items submitted to us as originals,
the conformity with originals of all items submitted to us as copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. As to any
facts material to the opinions expressed herein, we have relied upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives
of the Company and public officials. We have also assumed, with respect to the issuance of the Shares, the amount of valid consideration
paid in respect of such Shares will equal or exceed the par value of such Shares. We have not independently established the validity of
the foregoing assumptions.

This opinion letter is limited to the federal
laws of the United States of America, the laws of the State of New York and the Delaware General Corporation Law. We express no opinion,
and make no statement, as to the laws, rules, or regulations of any other jurisdiction or as to the municipal laws or the laws, rules,
or regulations of any local agencies or governmental authorities of or within the State of Delaware and New York, or as to any matters
arising thereunder or relating thereto. We do not find it necessary for the purposes of this opinion letter to cover, and accordingly
we express no opinion as to, the application of the securities or blue-sky laws of the various states to sales of the Shares.

Spectral AI, Inc.

March 4, 2025

Page 2

Based on, and subject to the foregoing and the
other limitations, qualifications, exceptions and assumptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion that:

(i) the Shares were duly authorized and, when issued and delivered
by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement against payment of the requisite consideration therefor,
will be validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable; and

(ii) the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares were duly authorized, and if
issued upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants, will
be validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable.

The opinions set forth herein are given as of
the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to update or supplement this opinion letter if any applicable law changes after the date
hereof or if we become aware of any fact or other circumstances that changes or may change our opinion set forth herein after the date
hereof or for any other reason. We express no opinion, and make no statement, as to the applicability of any rights or obligations provided
in the Securities Purchase Agreement in future transactions.

We consent
to the inclusion of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and further consent to all references to us under
the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus and to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current
Report on Form 8-K, dated March 4, 2025. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent
is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Reed Smith LLP

REED SMITH LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023265302ex10-1_spectral.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED NOVEMBER 18, 2024
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this
Agreement) is made and entered into as of November 18, 2024, by and between Spectral AI, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and Liqueous LP, a Delaware limited partnership, with offices at 19790 W Dixie
Hwy #1201, Aventura, FL 33180 (the Purchaser). The Purchaser and the Company, each a Party and
collectively, the Parties.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company and the Purchaser desire to enter into this transaction to purchase the securities
outlined herein under an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Number 333-282681) (the Registration
Statement), which has approximately $5,000,000 in unallocated securities registered thereunder. This Registration Statement has
been declared effective in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC);

WHEREAS, the Company desires to
issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company shares of the Companys common stock, par
value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), and, as applicable, pre-funded warrants to acquire Common Stock (the Pre-Funded
Warrants), with an aggregate purchase amount of up to $5,000,000;

WHEREAS, the Purchaser may acquire
Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants through one or more Closings by submitting one or more Purchase Notices (each, a Purchase
Notice) based on the At-the-Market Value, which shall be confirmed on the day prior to the designated Closing Date and subject
to repricing adjustments as outlined in this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Common Stock and underlying
shares issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants (collectively, the Warrant Shares) will be registered for resale
by the Purchaser under the Registration Statement;

WHEREAS, each purchase of Common
Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants will be limited to up to 4.99% of the outstanding Common Stock, with any balance exceeding such percentage
acquired via Pre-Funded Warrants, exercisable at any time after issuance.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

For purposes of this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

Affiliate means any
Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a
Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

At-the-Market Value
shall mean the lower of (i) the previous days closing price or (ii) the five (5) day average closing price as reported by Bloomberg
or on the Nasdaq Capital Markets website and in accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5635(d).

Beneficial Ownership Limitation
means a limitation, not exceeding 4.99%, on the beneficial ownership of the Total Outstanding Shares owned by the Purchaser immediately
following a Closing.

Blanket Issuance Authorization is an authorization
granted by the Companys board of directors permitting the issuance of shares equal to the total Commitment Amount, as outlined
in this Agreement.

Business Day means any day other than
a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks and stock exchanges in New York City are authorized or required by law to close.

Closing means the completion of each purchase
and sale of Securities pursuant to a Purchase Notice as described in Section 2.1.

Closing Date means
the date(s) by which the Purchasers payment obligation must be fulfilled, provided that the following conditions have been met:
(i) execution of all Transaction Documents, (ii) the Purchasers submission of a Purchase Notice and (iii) the Companys delivery
of Securities in accordance with the instructions provided on the preceding day.

Commitment Amount
means the total dollar amount of the Companys Securities that the Purchaser commits to purchase under the terms of this Agreement
in an amount of up to $5,000,000 subject to the purchase limit of the Registration Statement.

Commitment Period
means the period beginning on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Purchaser has
purchased Securities equal to the Commitment Amount, (ii) the date on which the Registration Statement is no longer effective, or (iii)
six (6) months from the effective date of this Agreement, unless extended or terminated earlier as per the terms of this Agreement.

Common Stock means
the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and any class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be
reclassified or changed.

Daily Penalty has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.4(b).

Delivery Failure has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.1.4, other than a Delivery Failure caused by an event pursuant to Section 5.8.

DWAC means the electronic transfer system
used to deposit and withdraw securities at The Depository Trust Company in accordance with the Companys Transfer Agent instructions.

Effective Date means the date on which
this Agreement is executed by the Parties.

Exchange Act means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

ITAI means the Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions that allow the Purchaser to direct the issuance and transfer of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement,
held in the Share Reservation Instructions.

Legal Opinion is
a legal opinion provided by the Companys counsel confirming the eligibility of the Share Issuances, as outlined in this agreement,
under the effective Registration Statement and applicable laws.

2

Medallion Signature Waiver
means a waiver that negates the need for a Medallion Signature guarantee for the Purchaser when transferring shares, accompanied by an
indemnity provision favoring the Transfer Agent against any related claims.

MNPI has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.2.1.

Person means an individual,
corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company,
government (or an agency or subdivision thereof), or other entity of any kind.

Pre-Funded Warrant
means the warrants issued to the Purchaser in lieu of shares of Common Stock, as applicable, to comply with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
Each Pre-Funded exercisable immediately upon issuance, at an exercise price of $0.001, in a form to be agreed between the Parties.

Purchased Securities
means the total amount of Securities specified by the Purchaser in each Purchase Notice, based on the At-the-Market Value.

Purchase Notice means
a formal notification, in form attached as Exhibit A hereto, by the Purchaser to the Company specifying the number of Securities
to be purchased pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, within the limitations of the Commitment Amount.

Purchase Price means
the applicable dollar amount of the Securities being purchased by Purchaser pursuant to an applicable Purchase Notice and calculated by
multiplying the Purchased Shares by the current At-the- Market Value.

Reliance Letter is
a directive provided by the Companys counsel instructing for the Transfer Agent to rely on an external legal opinion, if required,
regarding the validity of share issuances under this Agreement if deemed necessary by both parties.

SEC means the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission.

Share Reservation Instructions
means the obligation for the Company to reserve shares equivalent to the Commitment Amount within five (5) Business Days of signing this
Agreement, confirmed by a statement from the Transfer Agent.

Securities Act means
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day means
any day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Transaction Documents mean this Agreement,
the Purchase Notice, the Share Reservation Instructions, the ITAI, the Blanket Opinion Letter, the Blanket Issuance Authorization, and
the Medallion Signature Waiver.

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Co.

Total Outstanding Shares means the total
number of issued and outstanding shares of the Companys Common Stock as verified by the Transfer Agent at the time of Closing pursuant
to this Agreement.

Exhibits:

Exhibit A Purchase Notice

Exhibit B Issuance
Authorization

Exhibit C - Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instruction Letter &
Medallion Signature Waiver

Exhibit D - Legal Opinion Letter

3

ARTICLE II

PURCHASE AND SALE OF SECURITIES

2.1 PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1.1 Timing of Closing

Each Closing shall take place on the Business
Day following the Companys delivery of the Purchased Shares, as outlined in the applicable Exhibit A Purchase Notice.
The Purchaser shall have the right to deliver a Purchase Notice to the Company at any time during the Commitment Period, provided that
the Purchaser cannot deliver a Purchase Notice resulting in aggregate purchases exceeding $5,000,000. For purposes of the initial Closing,
the calculation of the At-the-Market Value shall mean $1.38 per share; provided, however, if there is at least a
20% reduction in the price per share of the Companys Common Stock on the Closing Day, the At-the-Market Value may be amended upon
the mutual consent of the parties.

2.1.2 Form of Payment; Deliveries & Closing Values

1. Delivery
of Exhibit A: The Purchaser shall deliver a fully executed Exhibit A to the Company, directing the Company to deliver the applicable shares
to the Purchaser through a rush DWAC based or DRS on the Purchasers instructions.

2. Transfer
and Clearing: Upon receipt of Exhibit A, the Company shall instruct the Transfer Agent to credit the number of Purchased Securities to
the Purchasers designated DWAC account.

3. Closing
and Pricing: The Closing shall take place on the next business day after the shares have been delivered by the Transfer Agent. The Closing
Values shall be confirmed based on the at-the-market price on the day of Closing.

2.1.3 Limitation on Purchase Orders.

The Parties hereby agree that each Purchase
Notice shall be subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and that any Securities included on a Purchase Notice in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be delivered as Pre-Funded Warrants.

2.1.4 Delivery Failure of Securities

In the event that the Purchased Securities
are not delivered within one (1) Business Day upon receipt of the Purchase Notice and payment of the Purchase Price (a Delivery
Failure), the Purchaser shall be entitled to the following remedies, in its sole discretion:

a. Purchase Price Adjustment. In the event of a Delivery Failure, the Purchaser has the right, in
its sole discretion, to adjust the Purchase Price to match the then-current At-the-Market Value (the Purchase Price Adjustment).
If the Purchaser elects to exercise its right to the Purchase Price Adjustment pursuant to this Section 2.1.4, (i) the Purchaser
shall deliver an updated Purchase Notice to the Company reflecting the difference in Purchase Price and (ii) the Company shall remit the
difference in Purchase Price to the Purchaser.

b. Daily Penalty for Delivery Failure. In the event of a Delivery Failure, the Company shall remit
to the Purchaser a four percent (4%) penalty on the Purchase Price (Daily Penalty), with such penalty accruing daily,
up to a maximum of ten (10) Business Days until the Company delivers the number of Securities specified in such Purchase Notice.

c. Extended Delivery Failure: If a Delivery Failure extends beyond two (2) Business Days, the Purchaser
shall be entitled to additional compensation for any damages or trading losses directly resulting from the Delivery Failure, as substantiated
by written evidence. The Purchaser may submit substantiated documentation, including but not limited to records of broken trades, trade
confirmations, and any other complications arising from the delay, along with a detailed accounting of fees and losses incurred due to
the extended Delivery Failure. The amount of any additional compensation pursuant to this Section 2.1.4(c) shall be reduced by
the amount of any Daily Penalty.

4

2.1.5 Delivery Failure of Purchase Price

In the event that the Purchaser fails to deliver the Purchase
Price upon Closing, but the Securities have already been delivered to the Purchaser, the Company reserves the right to cancel the applicable
Purchase Notice. Upon such cancellation, the Purchaser is required to remit the Purchased Securities to the Companys Transfer Agent.

2.2 CONDITIONS TO PURCHASERS OBLIGATIONS

2.2.1. The Purchasers obligation to purchase
the Securities is subject to each of the following conditions at or prior to each Closing:

d. Effectiveness of Registration Statement: The Registration Statement must be effective and must remain effective for the issuance
of Securities as of each Closing Date.

e. Accuracy of Representations and Warranties: All representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement shall
be true and correct in all material respects as of each Closing Date.

f. Performance of Covenants: The Company shall have performed, satisfied, and complied with all covenants, agreements, and conditions
required by this Agreement in all material respects.

g. Executed Transaction Documents: The Purchaser shall have executed and delivered all required Transaction Documents and submitted
a Purchase Notice pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

2.3 CONDITIONS TO COMPANYS OBLIGATIONS

2.3.1 The
Companys obligation to issue and sell the Shares is subject to the fulfillment of each of the following conditions at or prior
to each Closing:

a. Delivery of Purchase Price: The Purchaser shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance
with the instructions provided by the Company.

b. Accuracy of Representations and Warranties: All representations and warranties made by the Purchaser
in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of each Closing Date.

c. Performance of Covenants: The Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied, and complied with all
covenants, agreements, and conditions required by this Agreement in all material respects.

d. Submission of Purchase Notice: The Purchaser shall have submitted a Purchase Notice accurately
showing the Purchased Securities and the Purchase Price for such Closing based on the then-current At-the-Market Value.

5

ARTICLE III

COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

1.1 COMPANY REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser,
acknowledging that the Purchaser is relying on these covenants and representations as a material inducement to enter into this Agreement:

1.1.1 Corporate Status and Authorization

The Company is duly organized, validly
existing, and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company has all requisite corporate power and
authority to enter into this Agreement, perform its obligations hereunder, and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

1.1.2 Valid Issuance

The issuance of the Securities have been
duly authorized and, upon issuance and payment in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, shall be validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable and free from all liens and encumbrances.

1.1.3 No Conflict

The execution, delivery, and performance
of this Agreement by the Company, including the issuance of the Securities, will not result in (i) a violation of the Companys
governing instruments, (ii) a breach of any agreement to which the Company is a party, or (iii) a violation of any law or governmental
order applicable to the Company.

1.1.4 SEC Compliance

The Company is in compliance with all
periodic reporting requirements of the SEC under the Exchange Act. The Company has filed all reports required to be filed under the Exchange
Act and has not received any notification from the SEC or any other regulatory authority indicating any deficiency in compliance with
applicable regulations.

3.2.1 No Material Non-Public Information

The Company represents that it has reviewed
and understands the Purchasers Chinese Wall Policy and has not, and will not, disclose any material non-public information
(MNPI) that could impact the Purchasers ability to trade the Companys stock. The Company shall promptly
notify the Purchaser if it becomes aware of any inadvertent disclosure of MNPI and take all necessary actions to remediate the disclosure.

3.2.2 Reservation of Shares

The Company shall at all times maintain
a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock sufficient to enable the full issuance and exercise of the Securities under
this Agreement.

3.2.3 Compliance with Laws

The Company shall comply in all material
respects with all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including securities laws, and shall maintain all licenses
and permits necessary to conduct its business.

6

1.1.5 No Violation of Others Rights

The Companys execution and performance
of this Agreement does not conflict with or violate any rights of any third party, including creditors and shareholders of the Company,
or result in the creation of any lien or encumbrance on any assets or properties of the Company.

3.3 PURCHASER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company, acknowledging
that the Company is relying on these covenants and representations as a material inducement to enter into this Agreement:

3.3.1 Accredited Investor Status

The Purchaser represents and warrants
that it is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, or a qualified
institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

3.3.2 Authority and Authorization

The Purchaser has all necessary power
and authority to enter into this Agreement, perform its obligations hereunder, and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

3.3.3 No Conflicts

The execution, delivery, and performance
of this Agreement by the Purchaser do not (i) conflict with any governing documents of the Purchaser, (ii) breach any contract or agreement
to which the Purchaser is a party, or (iii) violate any applicable law or governmental regulation.

3.3.4 Compliance with Securities Laws

The Purchaser shall comply with all applicable
securities laws in connection with the purchase of Securities under this Agreement. The Purchaser represents that it understands the securities
laws applicable to the purchase, holding, and disposition of the Securities.

3.3.5 No Material Non-Public Information

The Purchaser acknowledges that it is
not receiving any MNPI from the Company or any representative of the Company and agrees not to solicit MNPI from the Company or its representatives.

3.3.6 Access to Information

The Purchaser has had
access to the Companys filings with the SEC and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the transactions
contemplated hereby, (ii) access to information about the Company sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment, and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information as it has deemed necessary to make an informed investment decision. With the
exception of the covenants, representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Section 3, the Purchaser is not
relying on any other statements, covenants, representations or warranties to enter in this Agreement.

3.3.7 No General Solicitation

The Purchaser represents that it was
not solicited by any form of general solicitation or general advertising in connection with its purchase of the Securities, including,
but not limited to, any advertisement, article, notice, or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media,
or broadcast over television, radio, or the internet.

7

ARTICLE IV

RIGHTS AND ENTITLEMENTS

4.1 COMPANY RIGHTS AND ENTITLEMENTS

The Company shall have the following rights and entitlements
under this Agreement:

4.1.1 Right to Refuse for Non-Compliance

The Company shall have the right to refuse
any Purchase Notice or other instructions from the Purchaser if it determines, in good faith, that such notice or instruction does not
comply with the terms of this Agreement or applicable securities laws. The Company shall notify the Purchaser in writing of the basis
for any such refusal within one (1) Business Day of receipt of the Purchase Notice.

4.1.2 Right to Monitor Purchaser Compliance

The Company shall have the right to verify
the Purchasers compliance with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, determining the Purchasers adherence
to accreditation standards. The Company shall conduct any such verification in a commercially reasonable manner and without undue interference
with the Purchasers operations.

4.1.3 Right to Withdraw Registration Statement

The Company shall have the right to withdraw
or suspend the Registration Statement at any time due to changes in applicable securities laws, regulatory orders, or significant corporate
events, provided that it promptly notifies the Purchaser and takes all reasonable actions to minimize any adverse effects on the Purchaser.

4.2 PURCHASER RIGHTS AND ENTITLEMENTS

The Purchaser shall have the following rights and entitlements
under this Agreement:

4.2.1 Right of First Refusal and Restriction on Additional Issuances

a. Restriction on Additional Issuances. Provided that the Purchaser completes the purchase of the
Commitment Amount on or before the tenth Business Day following the first Closing, the Company agrees that during the Restricted Period,
it shall not directly or indirectly issue, offer, sell, grant any option or right to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any
intention to issue, offer, sell, grant, or otherwise dispose of) any equity securities or equity-linked securities (including, without
limitation, convertible securities, options, warrants, or rights to acquire equity securities, collectively, Additional Issuances),
except as permitted under Section 4.2.1.b. below.

b. Right of First Refusal. During the Restricted Period, prior to undertaking any Additional Issuance,
the Company shall first offer to the Purchaser the right to purchase its pro-rata share of such Additional Issuance on the same terms
and conditions proposed by the Company (the Offer).

(i) Delivery
of Offer Notice: The Company shall deliver a written notice (the Offer Notice) to Liqueous LP describing the proposed terms
and conditions of the Additional Issuance, including the amount and type of securities, the price, and any other material terms.

(ii) Response
Period: Purchaser shall have ten (10) Business Days from receipt of the Offer Notice to accept the Offer in whole or in part by delivering
written notice to the Company.

(iii) Issuance to
Third Parties: If Purchaser declines the Offer or does not respond within the ten (10) Business Day period, the Company may proceed
with the Additional Issuance on terms no more favorable than those described in the Offer Notice. If the Company does not consummate
the Additional Issuance within thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Response Period, the Additional Issuance shall be deemed
a new issuance subject to the terms of this Section 4.2.1.b.

8

c. Exceptions to Restriction on Additional Issuances. The restrictions in this Section 4.2.1 shall
not apply to:

(i) Issuances
in connection with mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, licensing agreements, or other strategic partnerships approved by the Board
of Directors;

(ii) Issuances
pursuant to equity compensation plans approved prior to the Effective Date, provided such plans remain unamended during the Restricted
Period;

(iii) Shares
issued upon the valid conversion or exercise of securities outstanding as of the Effective Date, provided no terms of such securities
are amended in any way that adversely affects Liqueous LP; or

(iv) Issuances
of Common Stock or pre-funded warrants for an aggregate purchase price not exceeding $500,000, provided such issuance is first offered
to Liqueous LP in accordance with Section 4.2.1.b.

d. Duration of Restricted Period. The Restricted Period shall commence on the Effective
Date and expire on:

(i) The
date that is ten Business Days following the date on which the Purchaser has purchased securities equal to the Commitment Amount under
this Agreement.

e. Mutual Waiver. The Company and the Purchaser may mutually agree, in writing, to waive the rights
and obligations set forth in this Section 4.2.1 with respect to any particular Additional Issuance or to modify the terms of the Offer
Notice and Response Period for such issuance.

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 ARBITRATION

Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising
out of, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity, or termination, shall
be resolved through binding arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted in New York County, New York before a single arbitrator experienced
in securities matters, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the [American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment
on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

5.2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

Each Partys aggregate liability
to the other Party arising out of or relating to this Agreement, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory
duty, or otherwise, shall be limited to the Commitment Amount. In no event shall either Party be liable to the other for any indirect,
incidental, consequential, special, or punitive damages, including lost profits or business opportunities, even if advised of the possibility
of such damages.

5.3 GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Both Parties agree
to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within New York County, New York for the purposes of enforcing
any arbitration award under this Agreement or for any other actions not subject to arbitration.

5.4 ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement, together with all exhibits
and schedules attached hereto, constitutes the entire understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding
all prior negotiations, discussions, agreements, and understandings, whether written or oral. No modification, amendment or waiver of
any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the Parties.

9

5.5 SEVERABILITY

If any provision or portion of this Agreement
is found to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect
any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable, such provision in any other jurisdiction. The remaining
provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be amended or replaced
by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely achieves the Parties original intent.

5.6 WAIVER

No waiver by either Party of any breach
or non-fulfillment of any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach or non-fulfillment, and
no waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the waiving Party.

5.7 COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Signatures delivered via electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy
of this Agreement.

5.8 FORCE MAJEURE

Neither Party shall be liable for any
delay or failure to perform its obligations under this Agreement (except for payment obligations) if such delay or failure is due to events
beyond the reasonable control of the affected Party, including acts of God, fire, flood, war, terrorism, government action, labor disputes,
or other similar events.

5.9 NOTICES

All notices or other communications required
or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (i) upon personal delivery to the Party to
be notified, (ii) when sent by email or facsimile if sent during regular business hours of the recipient, or (iii) one (1) Business Day
after deposit with a reputable overnight courier, specifying next-day delivery, with written verification of receipt. Notices shall be
sent to the respective Parties at the addresses set forth below or to such other address as may be designated by a Party in writing.

5.10 HEADINGS

The headings in this Agreement are included
for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

5.11 COUNTERPARTS; ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES

This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail, or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal
effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Securities
Purchase Agreement as of the Execution Date.

COMPANY: 

Spectral AI, Inc. 

By: 

Name: J. Michael DiMaio, MD 

Title: Chairman of the Board of Directors 

PURCHASER: 

Liqueous LP 

By: 

Name: Jacob Fernane 

Title: Managing Member of Liqueous LP 

11

EXHIBIT A

PURCHASE NOTICE

This Purchase Notice is issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement dated 11/18/2024 (the Agreement) by and between Spectral AI, Inc. (the Company) and
Liqueous LP (the Purchaser). Defined terms herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.

1. Date of Purchase Notice

Date: 11/15/2024

2. Requested Purchase Details

Number of Shares: 920,000

Number
of Pre-Funded Warrants: 725,000

Total Number of Common Stock: 1,645,000

Aggregate Purchase Amount: $2,270,100

3. Purchase Price

At The Market Value: $1.38

4. Settlement Instructions

Delivery Instructions: Pursuant to
Article 2, the Company shall DWAC the 920,000 shares of Common Stock to the Purchasers settlement instructions below.

DWAC Instructions:

Account Name:

Broker Name:

DTC Participant#:

Account Number:

EIN:

5. Payment Details

Payment Method/Closing: Wire Transfer - The aggregate
purchase amount is due on or before closing, subject to adjustments, if applicable.

Purchaser: 

Liqueous LP 

By: 

Name: Jacob Fernane 

Title: Managing Member of Liqueous LP 

Company Acceptance: 

Spectral AI, Inc. 

By: 

Name: J. Michael DiMaio, MD 

Title: Chairman of the Board of Directors 

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mdai-20241118.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mdai-20241118_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>mdai-20241118_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>mdai-20241118_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Nov. 18, 2024

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Nov. 18, 2024

Entity File Number 001-40058

Entity Registrant Name SPECTRAL
AI, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001833498

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-3987148

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2515 McKinney Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1000

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75201

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 499-4934

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol MDAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol MDAIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=MDAI_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=MDAI_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://spectral-ai.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea023265302-8k_spectral.htm 
mdai-20241118.xsd 
mdai-20241118_def.xml 
mdai-20241118_lab.xml 
mdai-20241118_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-020183-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea023265302-8k_spectral_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001833498 

2024-11-18 
2024-11-18 

0001833498 

MDAI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2024-11-18 
2024-11-18 

0001833498 

MDAI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2024-11-18 
2024-11-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001833498 
8-K 
2024-11-18 
SPECTRAL AI, INC. 
DE 
001-40058 
85-3987148 
2515 McKinney Avenue 
Suite 1000 
Dallas 
TX 
75201 
972 
499-4934 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
MDAI 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
MDAIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>