<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-007707.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-007707.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129092910
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-007707
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250124
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Triller Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001769624
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38909
		FILM NUMBER:		25567011

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7119 WEST SUNSET BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 782
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90046
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-893-5090

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7119 WEST SUNSET BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 782
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90046

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AGBA Group Holding Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20221115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AGBA Acquisition Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190304
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228917-8k_triller.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000176962400017696242025-01-242025-01-240001769624ILLR:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember2025-01-242025-01-240001769624ILLR:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOnequarterOfOneShareOfCommonStockFor23.00PerFullShareMember2025-01-242025-01-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 24, 2025

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported)

TRILLER GROUP INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-38909 33-1473901

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

7119 West Sunset Boulevard,Suite 782

Los Angeles,CA 90046

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (310) 893-5090

N/A

(Former name or former
address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value ILLR NASDAQ Capital Market

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-quarter of one share of Common Stock for $23.00 per full share ILLRW NASDAQ Capital Market

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Private Placement

On January 24, 2025, Triller
Group Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the PIPE Purchase Agreement)
with KCP Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempt company (the Purchaser) for a private placement offering (Private
Placement) of an aggregate of $14,000,000 in shares of common stock and warrants of the Company (the PIPE Securities).
The shares will be sold at $2.20 per share. Additionally, the Purchaser will receive a warrant to purchase an equivalent number of shares
at an exercise price of $5.00 per share. These warrants will become exercisable six months after issuance and will remain exercisable
for five years. The PIPE Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties, and the closing
was subject to customary closing conditions.

In connection with the PIPE
Purchase Agreement, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement)
with the Purchaser on January 24, 2025. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company will be required to file, on or prior
to the 60th calendar day following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Filing Deadline), a resale
registration statement (the Resale Registration Statement) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) to register the resale of the shares issued to the Purchaser and shares issuable upon exercise of any warrant
issued to the Purchaser. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such
Resale Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC as promptly as practicable after the filing thereof, but in any event
prior to the 120th day following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement. All expenses incurred in connection with the registrations
and offerings contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement, and certain attorneys fees incurred by any electing Purchasers,
shall be borne by the Company, and all selling expenses incurred in connection with any registration shall be borne by any electing Purchasers
in proportion to the number of registrable securities for which registration is requested.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Warrant, PIPE Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, such
documents (or forms thereof), which are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1, 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The information contained
above in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. Based in part upon the representations of the Purchaser in
the PIPE Purchase Agreement, the offering and sale of the PIPE Securities is exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and
corresponding provisions of state securities or blue sky laws. The sale of the PIPE Securities by the Company in the Private
Placement has not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and the PIPE Securities may not be offered or
sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. The sale of
such securities does not involve a public offering and was made without general solicitation or general advertising. In the PIPE Purchase
Agreement, the Purchaser represented that it is an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the
Securities Act, and it is acquiring the PIPE Securities for investment purposes only and not with a view to any resale, distribution or
other disposition of the PIPE Securities in violation of the United States federal securities laws.

1

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Pursuant to the PIPE Purchase
Agreement, the Purchaser has the right to designate an individual to the board of directors of the Company (the Board).
In accordance with the terms of the PIPE Purchase Agreement, the Company has appointed Mr. Roger C. Kennedy, the Purchasers designee,
to the Board as a non-executive director, and member of each of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee
of the board. In connection with such appointment, the Company entered into a director indemnification agreement with Mr. Kennedy on
January 24, 2025 (the Director Indemnification Agreement), pursuant to which the Company agrees to hold harmless,
defend, and indemnify Mr. Kennedy to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Companys charter and bylaws, against,
among other things, liabilities and expenses incurred by him in connection with any proceeding arising out of his services as director,
subject to the exceptions and limitations provided therein.

There are no family relationships
between Mr. Kennedy and any executive officers or other directors of the Company. Except as set forth in this Current Report on Form
8-K, there is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Kennedy and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Kennedy was appointed as
a director. There are no transactions to which the Company is a party and in which Mr. Kennedy has a material interest that are required
to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Director Indemnification Agreement are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, such document which is attached hereto as
Exhibit 10.3 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On January 27, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the transactions described in Item 1.01 above. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit
99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Exhibit

4.1 Form of Warrant

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2025

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2025

10.3 Director Indemnification Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2025

99.1 Press Release

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

TRILLER GROUP INC.

By: /s/ Shu Pei Huang, Desmond

Name: Shu Pei Huang, Desmond

Title: Acting Chief Financial Officer

Dated: January 29, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022891701ex4-1_triller.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

EXECUTION VERSION

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE
EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA
FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

TRILLER GROUP INC. 

Warrant Shares: 6,363,636 Issue Date: January 24, 2025

Initial Exercise Date: July 24, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
(the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, KCP Holdings Limited or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date set forth above (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on January
24, 2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Triller Group Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to 6,363,636 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common
Stock), (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common
Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1.Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by
law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to
remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar
orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic
funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers
on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company required to be listed pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K.

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent
means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Co., the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Section 2.Exercise.

a) Exercise of Warrant.
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of
(i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i)
herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank. No ink-original Notice of
Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be
required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the
Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which
case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable following the date on
which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice, but shall not refuse or object to the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon receipt
of, and pursuant to, a duly completed Notice of Exercise, unless such refusal or objection is accompanied by a written notice setting
for the basis therefor. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price.
The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $5.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

2

Bid Price
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City
time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common
Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted
for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock is then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases,
the fair market value of one share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of
a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall
be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, if the
Common Stock is then quoted OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on a Trading Market or on OTCQB
or OTCQX, and if prices for the Common Stock is then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market
value of an Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

c) Mechanics of
Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant
Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the
Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through
its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the
Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144,
and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its
designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder
in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares, provided that, payment of the aggregate Exercise Price is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company
fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the
Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such
exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to
$20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery
Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is
a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement
Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading
Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. The foregoing shall not in any
way limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation,
money damages, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver
Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

3

ii. Delivery of New
Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall at its own expense, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights.
If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. Any rescission by the Holder pursuant to this Section
2(d)(iii) shall not affect any other remedies available to the Holder under applicable law or equity as a result of the Companys
failure to timely deliver the Warrant Shares.

iv. Compensation for
Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the
Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i)
above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker
to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant
Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the
sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of
the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of share of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with
its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation
of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder
shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the
Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, money damages, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant
to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional Shares
or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any
fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either
pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round
up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes
and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books.
The Company will not close its register or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms
hereof.

4

Section 3.Certain
Adjustments.

a) Share Dividends and
Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Stock (which, for avoidance
of doubt, shall not include any Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides (by any stock split,
recapitalization or otherwise) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of
share consolidation) outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Stock any
shares of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination, re-classification or any other similar event.

b) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation,
any distribution of cash, shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate
rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance
of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the
Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of
this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution.

5

c) Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one
or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the
voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common
Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other
Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company,
if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as
a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately
adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common
Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Holder shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable
manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from
the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised
portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that if the Fundamental Transaction
is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled
to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black
Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company
in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or
whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the
Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in
such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common shares of the Successor Entity (which
Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg
determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free
interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the
applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and
the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading
Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per
share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value
of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section
3(d) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer
of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders election
and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction
in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the
Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by
a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares
of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant
(without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price
which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Stock pursuant to
such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares, such number of shares and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the
term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company,
may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the
obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor
Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein.

6

d) Voluntary Adjustments
by Company. The Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for
any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company.

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise
Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to
the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant
Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. The Company will deliver such notice to the Holder
as reasonably practicable following any adjustment of the Exercise Price, but in any event not later than ten Business Days thereafter.

ii. Notice to Allow
Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock,
(B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of any class or of any rights,
(D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any
consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all
of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E)
the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in
each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant
Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating
(x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a
record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of
record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that
any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability. Subject
to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and all rights hereunder
(including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the
principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form
attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making
of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly
be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full.
The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.

7

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this
Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer Restrictions.
If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not
be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities
or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, provide to the Company an opinion of counsel, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company to the effect that the transfer of this Warrant does not require registration under the Securities Act.

e) Representation by
the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Shareholder
Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3
or otherwise herein.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction
or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the
loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft
or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting
of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver
a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that,
during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares
to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants
that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be
necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or
of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which
may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

8

Except and to the extent as
waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of
incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times
in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such
increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally
issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use reasonable best efforts to obtain all
such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable
the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which
would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company
shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or
bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein,
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses.
No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right
or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company
willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company
shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable
attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto
or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

9

h) Notices. Any
and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Company, at AGBA Tower, 68 Johnston Road Wan Chai, Hong Kong Attention: Chief Executive Officer, email address: Desmond.Shu@agba.com,
or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other
communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent
by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing
on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest
of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section
prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

i) Limitation of Liability.
No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no
enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of
any Common Stock or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies. The
Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and Assigns.
Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that any Person acquires this Warrant or any Warrant Shares, such
Person shall, be deemed a beneficiary hereof for all purposes and by taking and holding such Warrant or Warrant Shares, as applicable,
such Person shall be treated as a Holder for all purposes under this Warrant and shall be entitled to receive the benefits
of, and be conclusively deemed to have agreed to be bound by all of the applicable terms and provisions of, this Warrant.

l) Amendment. This
Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holder
of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings. The
headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

o) Further Assurances.
The Company shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as each Holder may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Warrant and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby..

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

TRILLER GROUP INC.

By: 

Name: Desmond, Shu Pei Huang 

Title: Acting Group Chief Financial Officer 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: TRILLER GROUP INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take
the form of (check applicable box) in lawful money of the United States.

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor.
The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022891701ex10-1_triller.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 24, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement), dated as of January 24, 2025, is by and among Triller Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and KCP Holdings Limited (the Purchaser). Each of the Purchaser and the Company is sometimes referred to herein each
as a Party, and collectively as the Parties.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common
Stock, and such shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement, the Sold Shares) and warrants
to purchase Common Stock, which shall be exercisable six months after the issuance and shall have a term of exercise equal to five years
after the issuance and such other terms and conditions as are set forth in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (each, a
Warrant and collectively, the Warrants, and together with the Shares (as defined below), the
Securities), in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Sold Shares and
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (the Warrant Shares) offered and sold by the Company
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement are sometimes referred to herein as the Shares;

WHEREAS, in connection with
the consummation of the Transactions, the Parties also will execute and deliver, among other things, (a) the Warrant, substantially in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, and (b) a Registration Rights Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit C (the Registration Rights Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
of the Company (the Board) has deemed it advisable and has authorized the issuance of the Securities and the consummation
of the other Transactions contemplated under the Transaction Documents; and

WHEREAS, the Securities are
not registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act), and are being offered and sold
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or
Regulation D thereunder.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the Company and the Purchaser
agrees as follows:

ARTICLE I

PURCHASE AND SALE

Section 1.1 Issuance,
Sale and Purchase of Securities. Upon the terms and conditions in this Agreement, the Company is offering to the Purchaser, and the
Purchaser has agreed to purchase, the number of Securities set forth opposite the Purchasers name on the Purchasers signature
page hereto, in each case, free and clear of any Liens.

Section 1.2 Closing.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase $14,000,000
of Sold Shares and Warrants, in each case, free and clear of any Liens, based upon the Purchase Price Per Share. The Purchaser shall deliver
to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to the purchasers subscription amount (the Purchasers
Subscription Amount) as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by the Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to
the Purchaser its Sold Shares and Warrants, and the Company and the Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 1.3
deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Section 1.3 and Section 1.4,
the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation. Closing means the closing
of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Section 1.2.

Section 1.3 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the trading date of Closing (the Closing Date), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to
the Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) the
Sold Shares, free and clear of all Liens;

(iii) a
copy of the irrevocable instructions to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Co., the current transfer agent of the Company, and any
successor transfer agent of the Company (the Transfer Agent) instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver, on an expedited
basis, a certificate evidencing a number of Shares (the Subscribed Shares) equal to the Purchasers Subscription
Amount divided by US$2.20 (the Purchase Price Per Share), registered in the name of the Purchaser, or, at the election
of the Purchaser, evidence of the issuance of the Purchasers portion of the Shares hereunder as held in book entry form on the
books of The Depository Trust Company or as held in DRS book-entry form by the Transfer Agent and registered in the name of the Purchaser,
in each case, which evidence shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser (the number of the Purchasers Subscribed Shares
shall be as set forth on Annex A);

(iv) a
Warrant registered in the name of the Purchaser to purchase up to the same amount of Subscribed Shares, with an exercise price equal to
$5.00 per share of Common Stock, duly executed by the Company, subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms therein (the number
of each Purchasers Warrants shall be as set forth on Annex A);

(v) counterpart
to the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Company;

(vi) counterpart
to a director indemnification agreement, duly executed by the Company, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser (the Director
Indemnification Agreement;

2

(vii) wire
instructions for payment of the Purchasers Subscription Amount; and

(viii) the
certificate contemplated by Section 1.4(b)(v).

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser;

(ii) counterpart
to the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Purchaser;

(iii) a
counterpart to the Director Indemnification Agreement, duly executed by the KCP Director;

(iv) the
Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account of the Company specified in writing by the Company; and

(v) the
certificate contemplated by Section 1.4(a)(iv).

Section 1.4 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder as to the Purchaser in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being
met by the Purchaser (any of which may be waived in writing by the Company in its sole discretion):

(i) the
representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all respects (without giving
effect to any materiality qualifiers therein, including any Purchaser Material Adverse Effect) as of the Closing (unless made as of a
specific date therein, in which case as of such date), except where the failure of any such representations and warranties to be so true
and correct would not reasonably be expected to have a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect as to the Purchaser;

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 1.3(b)(i), Section 1.3(b)(ii), Section 1.3(b)(iv), Section
1.3(b)(v), and Section 1.3(b)(iii) thereof;

(iv) the
delivery by the Purchaser of a certificate, duly executed by the Purchaser, certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 1.4(a)(i)
and Section 1.4(a)(ii) have been satisfied.

3

(b) The
obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met by the Company
(any of which may be waived as to the Purchaser solely in writing by the Purchaser in its sole discretion):

(i) the
representations and warranties of the Company (A) set forth in Section 2.1(a), Section 2.1(b), Section 2.1(c),
Section 2.1(d), Section 2.1(e), Section 2.1(k), Section 2.1(l), and Section 2.1(o) (collectively, the
Company Fundamental Representations) shall be true and correct in all respects (without giving effect to any materiality
qualifiers therein, including any Company Material Adverse Effect) as of the Closing (unless made as of a specific date therein, in which
case as of such date), and (B) set forth in this Agreement, other than the representations and warranties specified in clause (A),
shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Company
Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of the Closing (unless made as of a specific date therein, in which case as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 1.3(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Company Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof;

(v) the
delivery by the Company to the Purchaser of a certificate, duly executed by the Company, certifying that the conditions set forth in Section
1.4(b)(i), Section 1.4(b)(ii) and Section 1.4(b)(iv) have been satisfied;

(vi) the
Company shall have obtained all governmental, regulatory or third party consents and approvals, if any, necessary for the sale of the
Securities; and

(vii) the
Sold Shares (A) shall be approved and designated for quotation or listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to official notice of issuance,
and (B) shall not be suspended, in each case, as of the Closing, by the SEC or the Nasdaq Capital Market from trading on the Nasdaq
Capital Market nor shall suspension by the SEC or the Nasdaq Capital Market have been threatened, as of the Closing, either (1) in writing
by the SEC or the Nasdaq Capital Market or (2) by falling below the minimum listing maintenance requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market.

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section 2.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser, except as otherwise set forth in the correspondingly
numbered section of the confidential disclosure letter delivered by the Company to the Purchaser prior to the execution of this Agreement
(the Company Disclosure Letter), as follows:

(a) Organization
and Power. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as is currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation or
default of any provision of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, dated October 15, 2024 (the Certificate of Incorporation),
the Companys current Bylaws or any other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the
Company Organizational Documents). Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business
and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or
property owned by it makes such qualification necessary and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting
or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification, except to the extent that the failure
to be so qualified and in good standing would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

4

(b) Due
Issuance of the Securities. The Securities have been duly and validly authorized and, when issued and paid for pursuant to this Agreement,
the Securities will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the Securities shall be free and clear of all Liens and issued
in compliance with all applicable securities Laws. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties in Section 2.2(f)
hereof, the offer and sale by the Company of the Securities is exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(c) Authority
and Validity. The Company has full power and authority to and has taken all necessary corporate action required to enter into, execute
and deliver this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and each agreement, certificate, document and instrument to be executed and
delivered by it pursuant to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, and to perform its obligations hereunder. The execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the performance by it of its obligations hereunder
and thereunder have been duly authorized by all requisite actions on its part, including by the Board.

(d) Enforcement;
Noncontravention. Each of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and
constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights
generally, and (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.
Neither the execution, the delivery of or the performance of any obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents,
nor the consummation of the Transactions, will violate any constitution, statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, Order, decree,
ruling, charge, or other restriction of any Governmental Authority or Law to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject.
Neither the execution, delivery by or performance of any obligations under the Company of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents,
nor the consummation by the Company of the Transactions, nor compliance by the Company with any of the terms and conditions hereof or
of any other Transaction Document, will (A) contravene, conflict with or violate any existing federal, state, county or local Law, rule
or regulation or any Order applicable to, or binding upon, it, (B) contravene, conflict with, violate or constitute a default under, any
agreement, indenture, instrument or other Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is party or result in the creation
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (C) result in a violation or breach of
the Company Organizational Documents.

5

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser in Section 2.2(e) and
Section 2.2(f), neither the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, nor the
consummation by the Company of the Transactions, nor the performance by the Company of this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents
in accordance with its terms requires the filing, consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration with, or the giving notice
to, any Governmental Authority or other public body or authority, except the filing of a Form D and current report on Form 8-K with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) or the listing of the Shares with the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(f) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements.

(i) The
Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements (including registration statements, proxy statements or otherwise) and other
documents (including all amendments, exhibits and schedules thereto) required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period
as the Company was required by Law to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and any other applicable
Law, and none of the SEC Reports (including, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports (A) were prepared in all material
respects in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and fairly present in all
material respects in accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods shown (subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly financial
statements, to normal year-end adjustments) and (B) comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules
and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.

(ii) The
Company has established and maintains, and at all times since January 1, 2022 has maintained, (A) systems of internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act in
all material respects and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, its principal executive and principal financial officers,
or persons performing similar functions, sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (1) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorizations; (2) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (3) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization; and (4) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (B) a system of disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in reports that it files with the SEC pursuant to the SECs rules and forms is recorded and reported on a timely basis in all material
respects, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys
management as reasonably appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Companys disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of the times indicated in the SEC Reports, and the Companys internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of the times indicated in the SEC Reports and, at such times, the Company was not aware of any material weaknesses in
its internal control over financial reporting. Since January 1, 2022, to the knowledge of the Company, there has not been any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries who have a significant role in
the Companys internal controls over financial reporting.

6

(g) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any person or entity acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the
Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to accredited
investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(h) No
Integrated Offering. None of the Company nor its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any Person acting on its or their
behalf has made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
the offering or issuance of the Securities under this Agreement to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the
Securities Act that would result in none of Regulation D or any other applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act
to be available, nor will the Company take any action or steps that would cause the offering or issuance of the Securities under this
Agreement to be integrated with other offerings by the Company.

(i) No
Undisclosed Liabilities. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise), except liabilities expressly reserved against in the consolidated balance sheet (or the notes
thereto) of the Company and its Subsidiaries included in the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2024 (the Balance Sheet Date).

(j) Absence
of Certain Changes. Since the Balance Sheet Date, there has not been any Company Material Adverse Effect.

(k) Equity
Capitalization.

(i) As
of the execution of this Agreement, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (A) 1,400,000,000 shares of Common Stock
(Common Stock) and (B) 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share (Preferred Stock),
including 11,803,398 shares of preferred class A stock (the Series A-1 Preferred Stock) and 35,000 shares of super
voting preferred class B stock having a par value of $0.001 per share (the Series B Preferred Stock). As of the execution
of this Agreement, (1) 162,840,680 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (2) an additional 24,022,431 shares of Common Stock
were issued to the Company as escrow agent and held as treasury shares for purposes of potential liabilities, (3) 16,908,828 restricted
stock units of the Company were outstanding pursuant to which a maximum of 16,908,828 shares of Common Stock could be issued and (4) 11,832,655
shares of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, including 11,801,804 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and 30,851 shares of
Series B Preferred Stock. As of the Closing, 6,363,636 shares of Common Stock will be reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the Warrants.

7

(ii) All
of such issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
The Shares are and will not be subject to preemptive rights or any restrictions on transfer under applicable Law or any contract to which
the Company is a party, other than those under applicable securities Laws and this Agreement, and will be free and clear of all stock
transfer, documentary, sales and use, registration, recording, stamp and similar Tax (Transfer Taxes) under applicable
Law of the United States (or any political subdivision thereof) and Liens. The Warrant Shares will be, as of the Closing, duly reserved
for issuance and, when issued upon exercise thereof in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of the Company, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, assuming the accuracy of each of the representations
and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in Section 2.2, issued in compliance with all applicable securities Laws in all material
respects and will not be subject to preemptive rights or any restrictions on transfer under applicable Law or any contract to which the
Company is a party, other than those under applicable securities Laws, and will be free and clear of all Transfer Taxes under applicable
Law of the United States (or any political subdivision thereof) and Liens.

(iii) Except
as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, convertible securities or other contracts
(or any rights, preemptive rights or rights of first offer) relating to the issuance or repurchase of capital stock, or other equity interests
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which it is bound, obligating
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to (A) issue, transfer or sell, or cause to be issued, transferred or sold, any shares of capital
stock or other equity interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or securities, bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations
convertible into or exchangeable for such shares of capital stock or other equity interests, (B) grant, extend or enter into any such
subscription, option, warrant, call, convertible securities or other contract (or any such right, preemptive right or right of first offer)
or (C) redeem or otherwise acquire any number of such shares of capital stock or other equity interests. Except as disclosed in the SEC
Reports, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have outstanding any bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations, the holders
of which have the right to vote (or convert into or exercise for securities having the right to vote) with the stockholders of the Company
on any matter.

(iv) Section
2.1(k)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the execution of this Agreement, the name and jurisdiction of organization
of each Subsidiary of the Company or joint venture to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is party, the holders of each equity
interest therein, the number and percentage (on a voting and economic basis) of equity interests owned by such holders. Except as otherwise
provided in Section 2.1(k)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity or
voting interests in, each such Subsidiary and joint venture that are owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries are owned free and clear
of all Liens. Each outstanding share of capital stock of each Subsidiary or joint venture of the Company or its Subsidiaries, which is
held, directly or indirectly, by the Company, is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights,
and there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, convertible securities or other contracts (or any rights, preemptive
rights or rights of first offer) relating to the issuance, acquisition, redemption, repurchase or sale of any shares of capital stock
or other equity or voting interests of any Subsidiary of the Company.

8

(v) Except
as otherwise provided in Section 2.1(k)(v) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is
a party to any voting trust or other agreement with respect to voting or registration of capital stock or other equity interests of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(l) Direct
Contact; No Broker. The contact between the Company and the Purchaser was made directly through an existing relationship. No broker,
investment banker or other person is entitled to any brokers, finders or other similar fee or commission in connection with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(m) Litigation.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports or in Section 2.1(m) of the Company Disclosure Letter, and except as otherwise would not
reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (i) there is no Action pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened (A) against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives in their
capacities as such, (B) to which the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives in their capacities as
such is a party or (C) to which any of the assets or properties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and (ii) there is
no order, writ, injunction, decree, ruling or decision of any court, commission, board or other government agency (Orders)
imposed upon the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives in their capacities as such, in each case
by or before a Governmental Authority. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports or in Section 2.1(m) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach or violation of, or default under any settlement agreement except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(n) Employee
Matters. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, the Company
and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable Laws in all material respects relating to labor, employment, fair employment
practices, terms and conditions of employment, and wages and hours, and with the terms of all employee benefit plans (as defined in Section
3(3) of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA)) that are maintained or sponsored by the Company
or its Subsidiaries for the benefit of their respective current or former employees and with respect to which the Company or its Subsidiaries
have any liability (ERISA Documents), and each such ERISA Document is in compliance with all applicable requirements
of ERISA.

9

(o) Investment
Company Status. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is an investment company as such term is defined in
the Investment Company Act of 1940.

(p) Tax
Matters.

(i) Except
as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each Subsidiary of the Company: (A) has
timely and properly made or filed all U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. Tax returns, reports, statements, declarations or similar filings
(including any election, information returns, schedules or attachments thereto and any amendments thereof) (Tax Returns)
required to be filed by any jurisdiction to which it is subject and all such Tax Returns filed or required to be filed were true, correct
and complete in all respects, (B) has timely paid all Taxes and other governmental assessments and charges, except those being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (C) has set aside
on its financial statements adequate accruals in accordance with GAAP for the payment of all Taxes for periods subsequent to the periods
to which such Tax Returns, respectively, apply, (D) has not received any written notice of any deficiencies for any Tax from any taxing
authority except for those which have been resolved, which have been paid in full, or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP on the Companys financial statements,
(E) is not the subject of any currently ongoing audit or other proceeding with respect to Taxes nor has any audit or other proceeding
with respect to Taxes been proposed in writing against any of them, (F) has not participated in any listed transaction within the meaning
of Treasury regulations Section 1.6011-4(b)(2), (G) has complied in all respects with all applicable Laws relating to the payment and
withholding of Taxes and has duly and timely withheld and paid over to the appropriate taxing authority all amounts required to be so
withheld and paid under all applicable Laws and (H) has no liens for Taxes upon any of their assets or properties.

(ii) The
Company is not, has not been within the past five years and does not anticipate becoming, a United States real property holding
corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code).

(iii) The
consummation of the Transactions, including the issuance of the Securities, will not cause the net operating losses or other tax attributes
of the Company to be subject to any limitations under Sections 382 or 383 of the Code.

(q) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to the knowledge of the Company is reasonably likely to have
the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting the Common Stock from the Nasdaq Capital
Market, nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC or the Nasdaq Capital Market is contemplating terminating such registration
or listing. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the listing and listing maintenance requirements of Nasdaq applicable
to it for the continued trading of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market.

10

(r) Intellectual
Property Rights; Privacy.

(i) The
Company and its Subsidiaries own or have sufficient rights to use all Intellectual Property Rights material to, and used in or necessary
for, the conduct of their respective businesses as currently conducted and as currently planned to be conducted, all of which rights shall
survive the consummation of the Transactions unchanged.

(ii) The
conduct of the respective businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate, and,
since January 1, 2022, has not infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated in any material respects any Intellectual Property Rights
of any Person. To the knowledge of the Company, and except as otherwise is disclosed in the SEC Reports, since January 1, 2022, no Person
has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(iii) The
IT Assets owned, used or held for use (including through cloud-based or other third party service providers) by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries are sufficient for the current and currently anticipated needs of the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance, and since January 1, 2022, have been in material compliance, with all applicable
Laws regarding privacy, cybersecurity or the protection of Personal Information and any privacy policies of the Company that have been
publicly adopted. Except as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports, since January 1, 2022, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not experienced
any actual or alleged data breach, security incident or incident of loss, theft, misuse or unauthorized processing of Personal Information
in their possession or control or processed by any third party on their behalf.

(s) Compliance
with Laws.

(i) The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries are, and since January 1, 2022 have been, in compliance with and not in default under or in violation
of any Law or Order, in each case that are applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except where such non-compliance, default
or violation would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and, since January
1, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice or, to the knowledge of the Company, other communication
from any Governmental Authority regarding any actual or possible violation of, or failure to comply with, any Law or Order, except as
would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
hold all licenses, franchises, permits, certificates, approvals and authorizations from Governmental Authorities necessary for the lawful
conduct of their respective businesses, except where the failure to hold the same would not reasonably be expected to be material to the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

11

(ii) The
Company, each of its Subsidiaries and each of their respective Representatives acting on their behalf is, and since January 1, 2022 has
been, in compliance in with (A) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and (B)
any other Laws applicable to the Company and its Subsidiaries that address the prevention of corruption, bribery, terrorism or money laundering
(the Anti-Corruption Laws), in each case, except where such non-compliance would not reasonably be expected to be
material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(iii) Except
as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, since January 1, 2022, none of the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective Representatives acting on their behalf has: (A) unlawfully offered, paid, promised
to pay, or authorized the payment of anything of value, including money, loans, gifts, travel, or entertainment, to any government official
with the purpose of (1) influencing any act or decision of such government official in his or her official capacity or (2) inducing such
government official to perform or omit to perform any activity in violation of his or her legal duties; except, with respect to the foregoing
clauses (1) and (2), as permitted under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or other applicable Law; or (B) made any illegal
contribution to any political party or candidate.

(iv) Except
as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company, each of its Subsidiaries, and
each of their respective Representatives acting on their behalf is, and, since January 1, 2022 has been, in compliance with all Laws or
other financial restrictions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Treasury Department (OFAC),
including OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, the U.S. Department of State, and sanctions administered
by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively,
Sanctions). Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
none of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective Representatives acting on their behalf is currently the subject
or the target of any Sanctions, nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory
that is the subject or target of Sanctions, including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea.

(v) The
Company will not use the proceeds from the Transactions (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the
payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, or (B) to fund or facilitate
any activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject or the
target of Sanctions. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company
and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue
to ensure, compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.

(t) Yorkville
Note. Except as set forth in Section 2.1(t) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates
are party to any agreement with YA II PN, LTD (Yorkville) or any of its Affiliates other than that certain Amended
and Restated Secured Convertible Promissory Note, issued by the Company to Yorkville on June 28, 2024 (the Yorkville Note)
and the other Yorkville Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owes any costs, expenses or other liabilities to Yorkville
or any of its Affiliates, other than the amounts set forth in Section 2.1(t) of the Company Disclosure Letter. Other than with
respect to any Liens under the Yorkville Note or as otherwise set forth in Section 2.1(t) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the
Company owns such shares of capital stock of Bare Knuckle Fighting Championships, Inc. (BKFC, and such shares, BKFC
Shares) that constitute Collateral (as defined in the Yorkville Note) free and clear of any Liens.

12

(u) Related
Party Transactions. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, no stockholder, officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or immediate family member thereof (a) is presently a party or has a direct or indirect interest in any Person (other than publicly traded
securities) party to any agreement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) owns any direct or indirect (other than through ownership
of Common Stock) interest in any assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (c) has any cause of action or other claim against,
or owes any amounts to, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for claims of employees in the ordinary course of business.

(v) Material
Contracts.

(i) Except
as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach or violation of, or default under,
respect any material Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, including any such Contract with any customer,
supplier, licensor, vendor or other counterparty, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of
time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute a default under any such Contract by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
would permit or cause the termination, non-renewal or modification thereof or acceleration or creation of any right or obligation thereunder,
in each case except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

(ii) Except
with respect to the Yorkville Agreements, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach or violation of or default under
any agreements or documents in respect of the indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including pursuant to any credit
agreement, loan agreement, note, bond, indenture, mortgage or otherwise, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(iii) Except
as provided in this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement, and except as otherwise disclosed in Section 2.1(v)(iii) of
the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company has not granted any rights to register under the Securities Act any of its presently outstanding
securities or any of its securities that may be issued subsequently.

(w) Board
Approval for Section 16(b). On or prior to the Closing Date, the acquisition of the Securities (and any vesting and exercise of the
Warrants and the Warrant Shares) has been approved by the Board or a committee thereof composed solely of two or more non-employee
directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act for the express purpose of exempting the Purchasers and its
Affiliates and the KCP Directors and KCPs (to the extent such person may be deemed to be a director by deputization)
interests in such transactions from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3 thereunder.

13

(x) Survival.
The Company Fundamental Representations shall survive for five (5) years following the Closing, and all other representations and warranties
of the Company set forth in this Section 2.1 shall survive for one (1) year following the Closing.

Section 2.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Company:

(a) Authority.
The Purchaser has full power and authority to enter into, execute and deliver this Agreement and each agreement, certificate, document
and instrument to be executed and delivered by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement and to perform his obligations hereunder. The
execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations hereunder have been
duly authorized by all requisite actions on his part.

(b) Valid
Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and constitutes the Purchasers legal, valid
and binding obligation, enforceable against him in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii)
as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

(c) Consents.
Neither the execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement nor the consummation by the Purchaser of any of the Transactions
nor the performance by him of this Agreement in accordance with its terms requires the consent, approval, order or authorization of, or
registration with, or the giving of notice to, any governmental or public body or authority or any third party, except as have been obtained,
made or given and except as to any Section 16 or any Schedule 13D filings pursuant to the Exchange Act.

(d) No
Conflict. Neither the execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, nor the consummation
by the Purchaser of the Transactions, nor compliance by the Purchaser with any of the terms and conditions hereof or of any other Transaction
Document, will (A) contravene, conflict with or violate any existing federal, state, county or local Law, rule or regulation or any Order
applicable to, or binding upon, the Purchaser, (B) contravene, conflict with, violate or constitute a default under, any agreement, indenture
or instrument to which the Purchaser is party or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Purchaser,
or (C) result in a violation of the Purchasers organizational documents.

(e) No
General Solicitation. The Purchaser is not purchasing
the Securities because of any general solicitation or general advertisement, including, without
limitation, (i) any advertisement, articles, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast
over television or radio, and (ii) any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising.

14

(f) Status
and Investment Intent.

(i) Experience.
The Purchaser has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of its investment in the Securities. The Purchaser is capable of bearing the economic risks of such investment, including a complete
loss of its investment.

(ii) Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities for his own account for investment purposes only and not with
the view to, or with any intention of, resale, distribution or other disposition thereof. The Purchaser does not have any direct or indirect
arrangement, or understanding with any other persons to distribute, or regarding the distribution of the Securities in violation of the
Securities Act or other applicable laws.

(iii) Investor
Accredited Status. The Purchaser is an accredited investor, as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of
the Securities Act. The Purchaser has, prior to the date hereof, provided the Company with an executed purchaser questionnaire that confirms
the Purchasers status as an accredited investor.

(iv) Distribution
Compliance Period. The Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering
within the meaning of the Securities Act and that the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other securities
laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction. The Purchaser understands that his investment in the Securities involves a high degree
of risk and that he may lose its entire investment. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Securities may not be sold, hypothecated or otherwise
disposed of unless registered under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or an exemption from registration is available.
Any resale of any of the Securities may be made only pursuant to (A) a registration statement under the Securities Act which has been
declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission and is effective at the time of such sale, or (B) a specific exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

(v) Restrictive
Legend. The Purchaser understands that the certificate evidencing the Securities will bear a legend or other restriction substantially
to the following effect:

THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). NO SALE, PLEDGE, HYPOTHECATION, TRANSFER OR
OTHER DISPOSITION OF THESE SECURITIES MAY BE MADE UNLESS EITHER (A) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR (B) PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EITHER CASE UPON THE RECEIPT
OF AN OPINION OF U.S. COUNSEL.

(vi) Direct
Contact; No Broker. The contact between the Company and the Purchaser was made directly through an existing relationship. No broker,
investment banker or other person is entitled to any brokers, finders or other similar fee or commission in connection with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the
Purchaser.

15

(g) Not
an Affiliate. As of immediately prior to the Closing, the Purchaser is not an officer, director or affiliate (as that
term is defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act) of the Company.

(h) No
Survival. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in this Section 2.2 shall survive for one (1) year
following the Closing.

ARTICLE III

COVENANTS; MISCELLANEOUS

Section 3.1 No Shorting
or Lending of Securities. The Purchaser shall not (i) engage in any short-selling activities involving the Sold Shares, or (ii) lend
any Securities to any third party.

Section 3.2 Holding
Period. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that during the six (6) month period immediately following the Closing Date, the Subscribed
Shares and the Warrant Shares may not be transferred or sold for such six (6) month period without the prior written consent of the Company
and subject to applicable U.S. federal securities laws, including without limitation Rule 144 of the Securities Act; provided,
that the Purchaser shall be permitted to transfer or sell any or all of the Purchasers Shares at any time (a) to the Purchasers
Affiliates, but only if the transferee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, (b) pursuant to the terms of any
merger, tender offer, exchange offer or other business combination involving the exchange of Common Stock or other equity or equity-like
securities of the Company or (c) following the date the Company commences a voluntary case under Title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy
Code or any other similar insolvency laws. In the case that the Purchaser is permitted to transfer or sell the Securities to a third party
transferee, the Company shall, at the request of the holder of such Securities, issue such book-entry Securities to the holder or the
applicable transferee of such Securities by electronic delivery (i) if eligible and requested by the holder or applicable transferee,
on the applicable balance account at The Depository Trust Company and (ii) on the books of the Company or its transfer agent.

Section 3.3 Nasdaq Listing.
Prior to the Closing, the Company shall cause the Sold Shares to be approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Following the Closing,
the Company shall apply to cause the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the outstanding Warrants to be promptly approved for listing
on the Nasdaq Capital Market, and the Company shall use best efforts to remain commercially viable and as a going-concern, so as to support
the continued listing of the Common Stock (including the Shares) on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Following the Closing, the Company shall
timely file all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act),
and the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to maintain its status as an issuer required to file reports under the Exchange Act.

16

Section 3.4 Use of Proceeds.
The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Securities for business building and working capital purposes and not to satisfy
any Losses related to or arising out of any claim, dispute, settlement or any other Action, whether or not in connection with a proceeding.

Section 3.5 Corporate
Actions. At any time that any Securities are outstanding, the Company shall (a) from time to time take all lawful action within its
control to cause the authorized capital stock of the Company to include a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock to satisfy the exercise obligations under any Warrants then outstanding, and (b) not effect any voluntary deregistration under the
Exchange Act or any voluntary delisting of the Common Stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market. So long as the Purchaser holds any Securities,
the Company will not take any actions that would be reasonably likely to cause it to be an investment company, or a company
controlled by an investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940.

Section 3.6 Legends.
Upon request of the Purchaser or any transferee of part or all of the Purchasers Securities, the legends set forth in Section
2.2(f)(v) of this Agreement or any other legends shall be removed from the applicable Securities, whether notated upon the certificates
representing such Securities or on the book-entry accounts maintained by the Companys transfer agent representing the Securities
if such legend is not required in order to establish compliance with any provisions of the Securities Act.

Section 3.7 Section
16 Matters. If the Company becomes a party to a consolidation, merger or other similar transaction or otherwise or if there is any
event or circumstance that may result in the Purchaser (or any of its Affiliates) or the KCP Director being deemed to have made a disposition
or acquisition of equity securities of the Company or derivatives thereof for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and if the KCP
Director is serving on the Board at such time or has served on the Board during the preceding six (6) month period, (a) the Board or a
committee thereof composed solely of two or more non-employee directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act will
pre-approve such acquisition or disposition of equity securities of the Company or derivatives thereof for the express purpose of exempting
the Purchasers and its Affiliates and the KCP Directors and KCPs (to the extent such person may be deemed
to be a director by deputization) interests in such transaction from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule
16b-3 thereunder and (b) if the transaction involves (i) a merger or consolidation to which the Company is a party and the Common Stock
is, in whole or in part, converted into or exchanged for equity securities of a different issuer, (ii) a potential acquisition or deemed
acquisition, or disposition or deemed disposition, by the Purchaser (or its Affiliates) or the KCP Director of equity securities of such
other issuer or derivatives thereof and (iii) an Affiliate or other designee of the Purchaser (or its Affiliates) will serve on the board
of directors (or its equivalent) of such other issuer pursuant to the terms of an agreement to which the Company is a party, then the
Company shall require that such other issuer pre-approve any such acquisitions of equity securities or derivatives thereof for the express
purpose of exempting the interests of the Purchaser (or its Affiliates) and the KCP Director (to the extent such person may be deemed
to be a director by deputization of such other issuer) in such transactions from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant
to Rule 16b-3 thereunder.

17

Section 3.8 Board Appointment.

(a) Concurrently
with the Closing, the Company shall increase the size of the Board in order to elect or appoint an individual designated in writing by
the Purchaser (such designee the KCP Designee) to the Board (any KCP Designee so elected or appointed to the Board,
a KCP Director). The initial KCP Designee shall be Roger Kennedy. The Board shall appoint the KCP Director to any
committee of the Board as requested by the KCP Director.

(b) Following
the Closing, at any annual or special meeting of the Companys stockholders at which the term of a KCP Director shall expire or
any action by written consent in which the KCP Director is up for election, the Purchaser shall have the right to designate a KCP Designee
for election to the Board at such meeting or action by written consent, subject in all instances to the Companys standard diligence
and vetting processes, which shall be commercially reasonable and the same processes used for other nominees for directorships and for
directors on the Board. The Company shall include the KCP Designee designated by the Purchaser in the Companys slate of nominees
for the applicable meeting or action by written consent and shall recommend that the holders of Common Stock and any other securityholders
with voting rights vote in favor of such KCP Designees election and shall support the KCP Designee in a manner no less rigorous
and favorable than the manner in which the Company supports its other nominees. Without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, the
Board shall not remove any KCP Director from his or her directorship (except as required by law).

(c) In
the event of the death, disability, resignation or removal of any KCP Director as a member of the Board, the Purchaser may designate a
KCP Designee to replace such KCP Director and the Board shall fill such resulting vacancy with such KCP Designee, subject in all instances
to the Companys standard diligence and vetting processes, which shall be commercially reasonable and the same processes used for
other nominees for directorships and for directors on the Board.

(d) The
Company shall exculpate, indemnify and advance expenses to the KCP Director and provide the KCP Director with director and officer insurance,
in each case, to the same extent it exculpates, indemnifies, advances expenses and provides such insurance to other members of the Board
pursuant to the Company Organizational Documents, the Delaware General Corporation Law or otherwise. The Company acknowledges and agrees
that it is the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to the KCP Director are primary and any obligation of the Purchaser
or its Affiliates to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by the KCP Director
are secondary).

(e) The
Company shall not decrease the size of the Board without the consent of the Purchaser if such decrease would require the resignation of
the KCP Director.

(f) The
Parties agree that the KCP Director shall be entitled to (i) reimbursement by the Company of expenses in the same manner and to the same
extent as the other members of the Board and (ii) compensation (in cash, equity and otherwise) in the same manner and to the same extent
as the other members of the Board. Any director minimum ownership requirements shall be deemed satisfied in respect of the KCP Designee
or the KCP Director, as applicable, by any Securities held by the Purchaser or one or more of its Affiliates.

18

Section 3.9 Securities
Filings. The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and shall provide a copy
thereof to the Purchaser no later than 5 business days prior to the filing thereof. Following the Closing Date, the Company shall make
all filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Securities required under applicable securities or Blue Sky
laws of the states of the United States. In furtherance of and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Company shall provide the Purchaser
with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon drafts of all documents to be submitted to or filed with the SEC, whether publicly
or not, in connection with the Transactions and the Transaction Documents and give reasonable consideration to all such comments.

Section 3.10 Information
Rights.

(a) Following
the Closing, the Company shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to deliver to the Purchaser promptly upon reasonable advance notice, all
books, records and information, including financial information, and documents concerning or regarding their respective businesses, properties
and assets and personnel, as may be reasonably requested by or on behalf of the Purchaser.

(b) Following
the Closing, the Company shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to provide the Purchaser with reasonable access to the Representatives,
offices and other facilities, contracts, books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries, at such times and as the Purchaser may
reasonably request. The Company shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries and Representatives to reasonably cooperate with the Purchaser
and its Representatives in connection with such investigation and examination.

(c) The
Company shall not be required to provide such information and materials described under Section 3.10(a) or Section 3.10(b)
if the Company determines, in its reasonable judgment, that doing so would jeopardize the protection of attorney-client privilege; provided,
however, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to provide alternative, redacted or substitute documents or information
in a manner that would not result in the loss of the ability to assert attorney-client privilege. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, (a) the KCP Director shall be permitted to provide information and material about the Company and its Subsidiaries,
including with respect to its and their affairs, finances and accounts, to the Purchaser and (b) the Company agrees that the KCP Director
shall not be required by the terms of this Agreement, by Law or otherwise to share information with the Company or the other members of
the Board that the KCP Director learns in his or her capacity as a fiduciary and employee of the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates.

Section 3.11 Confidentiality.

(a) Following
the Closing, the Purchaser shall not, and shall direct its Representatives not to, disclose any Confidential Information to any person
other than the Purchaser and its Representatives and to use the Confidential Information solely for the purposes of monitoring, administering
or managing the Purchasers investment in the Company made pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser
and its Representatives may disclose Confidential Information in order to comply with applicable law. To the extent practical and legally
permissible, the Purchaser shall, and shall direct its Representatives to, notify the Company of its intention to make such disclosure.
The Purchaser agrees to reasonably cooperate, and to direct its Representatives to reasonably cooperate, with the Company so that the
Company may seek, at its sole cost and expense, an appropriate protective order or other remedy. In the event that such a protective order
or other remedy is not obtained, the Purchaser or its Representatives (as applicable) will furnish only that portion of the Confidential
Information that is required by applicable law to be disclosed. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement,
the restrictions set forth in this Section 3.11 shall not apply to disclosures made (A) in response to a formal request by a regulatory
or self-regulatory authority or (B) in connection with a routine audit or examination by an auditor or examiner.

19

(b) The
Company acknowledges that the Purchaser, as a financial investor, may consider, make and may have made investments in a variety of markets
and the participation in a potential transaction relating to the Company may enhance the Purchasers understanding of the markets
in which the Purchaser or its Affiliates may now, or in the future, invest and that such further understanding will not in and of itself,
be considered a violation of this Agreement. Further, nothing in this Agreement (nor the disclosure of the Confidential Information to
the Purchaser) shall prevent the Purchaser or its Affiliates from evaluating or consummating possible investments in companies or undertakings
whose businesses may be similar to or competitive with the business of the Company (and the Company shall not seek to restrict or prevent
the Purchaser or its Affiliates from undertaking any such evaluation or consummation other than as set forth in this Agreement) to the
extent the Purchaser does not use the Confidential Information in violation of this Agreement in such evaluation or consummation.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 3.11 or Section 3.24, to the extent the Purchaser is or is owned or managed by
one or more private equity or other investment vehicles, the Purchaser shall be permitted to provide customary disclosure (in the context
of the private equity industry) of any information relating to the Company, its Subsidiaries or the transactions contemplated hereby to
the vehicle or its or its Affiliates co-investors, investors or potential investors who are subject to customary confidentiality
and non-use restrictions in connection with ordinary course fund-raising, marketing, information or investor reporting activities carried
out consistent with customary private equity industry practices.

Section 3.12 Yorkville
Matters. The Company shall use its best efforts (i) to satisfy, terminate, discharge and fully release the Yorkville Note and the
other Yorkville Agreements (including, for clarity, to cause the release of any Liens under the Yorkville Agreements with respect to the
BKFC Shares or any other Collateral (as defined in the Yorkville Note)), (ii) to unconditionally and forever settle any Actions related
to the Yorkville Agreements and with Yorkville and its Affiliates (the Yorkville Litigation) and (iii) to terminate
any Contracts between or among the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Yorkville and any of its Affiliates on the
other hand, without any remaining or ongoing obligations or liabilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the Yorkville
Agreements or otherwise, in each case of clauses (i) to (iii), within forty-five (45) days of the Closing Date. The Company shall keep
the Purchaser reasonably informed in respect of the foregoing.

20

Section 3.13 Termination.
This Agreement may not be terminated except by mutual written agreement of the Parties. Nothing in this Section 3.13 shall be deemed
to release any Party from any liability for any breach of this Agreement prior to the effective date of such termination.

Section 3.14 Further
Assurances. Each Party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other Party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the consummation of Transactions.

Section 3.15 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either Party against the other concerning the Transactions shall be brought only in the state
courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the state and county of New York. The Parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably
waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens.

Section 3.16 Consent
to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Purchaser hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit, action
or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction in New York of such court, that the suit, action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing in this Section 3.16
shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

Section 3.17 Amendment.
This Agreement shall not be amended, changed or modified, except by another agreement in writing executed by the Parties hereto.

Section 3.18 Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, each of the Parties and their respective heirs, successors
and permitted assigns.

Section 3.19 Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder may be assigned by the Company or the Purchaser without
the prior express written consent of, in the case of any assignment by the Company, the Purchaser, and in the case of any assignment by
the Purchaser, the Company; provided, that (a) the Purchaser may assign this Agreement (except with respect to matters relating
to the KCP Director pursuant to Section 3.8 hereof, which shall be subject to further consultation with the Company prior to the
effectiveness of any such assignment) to a third party transferee that purchases any Securities owned by the Purchaser so long as such
third party transferee executes and delivers to the Company a written instrument accepting, adopting and agreeing to be bound by the terms
of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document (as applicable) and (b) the Purchaser may assign this Agreement or any of its rights,
duties or obligations hereunder to any of its Affiliates, subject to the same proviso in clause (a) of this section. Any purported assignment
in violation of the foregoing sentence shall be null and void.

21

Section 3.20 Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given on the date of actual delivery if delivered personally to the Parties to whom notice is to be given, on the date sent if sent by
e-mail or facsimile, on the next business day following delivery if sent by courier or on the day of attempted delivery by postal service
if mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage paid, and properly addressed. The address of the Purchaser
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. If to the Company, at:

TRILLER GROUP INC.

7119 West Sunset Boulevard

Suite 782

Los Angeles, CA 90046

Attn: Shu Pei Huang, Desmond

Email: dshu@triller.co 

Any Party may change its address
for purposes of this Section 3.20 by giving the other Party a written notice of the new address in the manner set forth above.

Section 3.21 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between the Parties hereto with respect to the matters
covered hereby, and all prior agreements and understandings, oral or in writing, if any, between the Parties with respect to the matters
covered hereby are merged and superseded by this Agreement.

Section 3.22 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the Parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the Parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

Section 3.23 Fees and
Expenses. Each Party will be responsible for all of its own expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation and
execution of this Agreement; provided, that the Company shall reimburse the Purchaser at the Closing for all costs and expenses
(including attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation and execution of the Transaction Documents
and the consummation of the Transactions up to a maximum amount of $250,000.

Section 3.24 Public
Announcements. The Purchaser and the Company shall consult with each other before issuing, and shall give each other the opportunity
to review and comment upon, any press release or public announcement in respect of the Transaction Documents or the Transactions and shall
not issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may be required by applicable
Law or Order. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 3.24 shall not apply to any press release or other public statement made
by the Company or the Purchaser which does not contain any information relating to the Transactions that has not been previously announced
or made public in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

22

Section 3.25 Specific
Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement is not performed in
accordance with the terms hereof. Accordingly, each Party shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to
any other remedy at law or equity.

Section 3.26 Headings.
The headings of the various articles and sections of this Agreement are inserted merely for the purpose of convenience and do not expressly
or by implication limit, define or extend the specific terms of the section so designated.

Section 3.27 Execution
in Counterparts. For the convenience of the Parties and to facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Section 3.28 Interpretation.

(a) When
a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, Schedule or Exhibit, the reference shall be to an Article, Section, Schedule
or Exhibit of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.

(b) Whenever
the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to
be followed by the words without limitation.

(c) The
words hereof, herein, and herewith and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated,
be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole (including all of the Schedules and Exhibits) and not to any particular provision of
this Agreement.

(d) Unless
otherwise specified in this Agreement, the term dollars and the symbol $ mean U.S. dollars for purposes of
this Agreement and all amounts in this Agreement shall be paid in U.S. dollars.

(e) The
definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine
as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term.

(f) Any
agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to in this Agreement means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to
time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of
statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all references in this Agreement
to any Law shall include such Law and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and shall also include, unless the context otherwise
requires, all applicable guidelines, bulletins or policies made in connection therewith.

23

(g) Each
of the Parties has participated in the drafting and negotiation of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation
arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if it is drafted by each of the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise
favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

(h) The
term Company means the Company and its predecessors and successors.

(i) Whenever
the words SEC Report or SEC Reports qualifies any representation or warranty herein, any disclosures set forth
or referenced in any risk factor, forward-looking statement, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk section therein
or in any other section therein to the extent they are forward-looking statements or cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature
shall be deemed excluded from the words SEC Report or SEC Reports.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

24

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above written.

TRILLER GROUP INC.

By: 

Name: Shu Pei Huang, Desmond

Title: Acting Chief Financial Officer

PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO SHARE PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: KCP Holdings Limited.

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: Roger C. Kennedy

Title of Authorized Signatory: Director

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: roger.kennedy@kcplim.com

Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

KCP Holdings Limited

71 Fort St., 3rd Floor

George Town, Cayman Islands KY1-1111

Attention: Roger C. Kennedy

Email: roger.kennedy@kcplim.com

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Sullivan & Cromwell LLP

125 Broad St.

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Ari Blaut

Lee C. Parnes

Email: blauta@sullcrom.com

parnesl@sullcrom.com

Investment Amount: $14,000,000

Number of Shares of Common Stock: 6,363,636 shares

Number of Warrant Shares: 6,363,636 warrants

ANNEX A

PURCHASER INFORMATION

Purchaser Subscribed Shares Warrants 

KCP Holdings Limited 6,363,636 6,363,636 

EXHIBIT A

DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement,
the following terms have the meanings specified in this Exhibit A.

Action
means any civil, criminal or administrative action, suit, demand, claim, complaint, litigation, investigation, review, audit, formal proceeding,
arbitration, hearing or other similar dispute.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person. As used in this definition, the term controls (including the terms controlled by and under
common control with) means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
or policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Affiliates
shall not include, and no provision of this Agreement shall be applicable to, the direct or indirect portfolio companies of investment
funds advised or managed by the Purchaser or its Affiliates (Portfolio Companies). The Company acknowledges that
the Purchasers employees, directors or partners of its Affiliates may also serve as directors of its Portfolio Companies and that
such Portfolio Companies will not be deemed to be Affiliates solely due to the dual role of any such employee, director or partner.

Company Material
Adverse Effect means any change, development, circumstance, fact or effect that, individually or in the aggregate, has or would
reasonably be expected to (a) have, a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, assets or financial condition of
the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole), or (b) prevent, materially delay or materially impair the consummation by the Company
of the Transactions in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Confidential Information
means all confidential and proprietary information relating to the Company that the Company or its Representatives make available to the
Purchaser or its Representatives pursuant to Section 3.11. Confidential Information does not include information
that: (a) is or becomes generally available to the public; (b) is or has previously been disclosed to the Purchaser or its Representatives
on a non-confidential basis by a third party; or (c) was independently developed by the Purchaser or its Representatives without the use
of any other Confidential Information.

Contract
means any agreement, undertaking, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation.

Governmental Authority
means any government, court, regulatory or administrative agency, commission, arbitrator or authority or other legislative, executive
or judicial governmental official or entity (in each case including any self-regulatory organization), whether federal, state or local,
domestic, foreign or multinational.

Intellectual Property
Rights means all rights anywhere in the world in or to: (a) trademarks, service marks, brand names, d/b/as, logos,
symbols, trade dress, trade names, domain names and other indicia of origin, all applications and registrations for the foregoing, and
all goodwill associated therewith and symbolized thereby, including all renewals of the same; (b) patents and patent applications;
(c) confidential or proprietary trade secrets, discoveries, ideas, improvements, information, know-how, data and databases, including
processes, schematics, business methods, drawings, specifications, designs, customer lists and supplier lists; (d) published and
unpublished works of authorship, whether copyrightable or not (including software, website and mobile content, data, databases and other
compilations of information), copyrights therein and thereto, and registrations and applications therefor, and all renewals, extensions,
restorations and reversions thereof; and (e) all other intellectual property, industrial or proprietary rights.

IT Assets
means technology devices, computers, software, servers, networks, workstations, routers, hubs, circuits, switches, data communications
lines, and all other information technology equipment, and all data stored therein or processed thereby, and all associated documentation.

Law mean
all state or federal laws, common law, statutes, ordinances, codes, rules or regulations or other similar requirement enacted, adopted,
promulgated, or applied by any Governmental Authority, including any rules of any stock exchange or other self-regulatory organization.

Lien
means any mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, security interest, prior claim, encroachments, lien (statutory or otherwise), defect
of title, adverse right or claim, or encumbrance of any kind, in each case, whether contingent or absolute.

Losses
means any damages, losses, payments, liabilities, penalties, judgments, settlements, fines, and out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including
any costs and expenses of any and all Actions and demands, assessments, judgments, settlements and compromises relating thereto and the
reasonable costs and expenses of attorneys, accountants, consultants and other professionals fees and expenses
incurred in the investigation or defense thereof or the enforcement of rights).

Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity and any Governmental Authority or any department or agency thereof.

Personal Information
means any information that identifies or could reasonably be used to identify an individual, browser or device, and any other personal
information, personal data or similar information that is subject to any applicable Laws regarding privacy, cybersecurity
or the protection of personal information.

Purchaser Material
Adverse Effect means, as to the Purchaser, any change, development, circumstance, fact or effect that, individually or in the
aggregate, that would prevent, materially delay or materially impair the consummation by the Purchaser of any of the Transactions in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.

Representatives
means, with respect to any Person, its directors, officers, managers, members, employees, agents and professional advisors (including
legal counsel, accountants, consultants and financial advisors).

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person of which at least a majority of the securities or ownership interests having by their
terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other Persons performing similar functions is directly or
indirectly owned or controlled by such Person and/or by one or more of its Subsidiaries.

Tax or
Taxes means (a) taxes including all federal, state, local and foreign income, profits, franchise, gross receipts,
environmental, customs duty, capital stock, severances, stamp, payroll, sales, employment, unemployment, disability, use, property, withholding,
escheat, excise, production, value-added, occupancy and other taxes, duties or assessments of any nature whatsoever, together with all
interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts and any interest in respect of such penalties and additions and
(b) any liability in respect of any items described in clause (a) payable by reason of contract, assumption, transferee or successor liability,
operation of law, Treasury regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of law) or otherwise.

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Director Indemnification Agreement.

Transactions
means the transactions contemplated hereby or under any of the Transaction Documents.

Yorkville Agreements
means, collectively, (a) the Second Amended and Restated Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, (b) the Amended and Restated
Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, by and between Yorkville and the Company, (c) the Yorkville Note, (d) the Amended
and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, by and among Yorkville and the Pledgors (as defined therein) party thereto, (e) the
Guaranty Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, by and among Yorkville and the Guarantors (as defined therein) party thereto, (f) the Amended
and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, by and among Yorkville and the Guarantors (as defined therein) parties thereto,
(g) the Letter Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, by and among Yorkville, the Company and Triller Corp. and (h) each of the other agreements
and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the parties to the foregoing in connection with the transactions contemplated therein
or thereby.

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF WARRANT

[Attached]

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

[Attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022891701ex10-2_triller.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 24, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of January 24, 2025, is made and entered into by and among Triller Group Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and KCP Holdings Limited (the Purchaser). Each of the Purchaser and
the Company is sometimes referred to herein each as a Party, and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Securities
Purchase Agreement, by and among the Company and the Purchaser, dated as of January 24, 2025 (the Securities Purchase Agreement),
upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue and sell to the Purchaser,
and the Purchaser has agreed to purchase from the Company, at the Closing, shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per
share (Common Stock), and warrants to purchase Common Stock (the Warrants, and the Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, the Warrant Shares, and the Warrant Shares together with the shares of Common
Stock offered and sold by the Company pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Shares);

WHEREAS, in accordance with
the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide the Purchaser certain registration rights under the
Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder, and applicable state securities
laws.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the agreements contained in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound by this Agreement, the Company and
the Investors agree as follows:

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Agreement that are defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement shall have the
respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1:

1933 Act
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Purchaser, an Affiliate of a Person
shall also include (a) such Persons controlling member, general partner, manager and investment manager and affiliates thereof,
(b) any entity with the same general partner, manager or investment manager as such Person or a general partner, manager or investment
manager affiliated with such general partner, manager or investment manager of such Person and (c) any other Person that directly or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the first Person, the controlling member
of such Person, the general partner of such Person, investment manager of such Person or an affiliate of such Person, controlling member,
general partner or investment manager. As used in this definition, the term controls (including the terms controlled
by and under common control with) means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of the management or policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

as converted basis
means (a) with respect to the outstanding shares of Common Stock as of any date, all outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated on
a basis in which all shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the outstanding Warrants (at the applicable exercise price in effect
on such date) are assumed to be outstanding as of such date and (ii) with respect to any outstanding Warrants as of any date, the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Warrants on such date (at the applicable exercise price in effect on such date).

Block Trade
shall mean the disposition of Common Stock pursuant to a block trade or overnight deal. For purposes of clarity,
a block trade or overnight deal means a registered securities offering in which an underwriter agrees to purchase
the Common Stock at an agreed price or pricing formula without a prior marketing process.

Business Day
means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is not a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York
generally are authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Effectiveness Deadline
means, with respect to any registration statement required to be filed to cover the resale by the Investors of the Registrable Securities
pursuant to Section 2, the one hundred twentieth (120th) day after the date of this Agreement.

Effectiveness Period
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

Electing Investors
means, with respect to a registration, each of the Investors that has Registrable Securities directly owned by such Investor included
in such registration in accordance with Section 2 or Section 6, as the case may be.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Filing Deadline
means, with respect to any registration statement required to be filed to cover the resale by Investors of the Registrable Securities
pursuant to Section 2, sixty (60) calendar days following the date of this Agreement.

Freely Tradable
means, with respect to any security, a security that is eligible to be sold by the holder thereof without any volume or manner of sale
restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and that, upon any such sale, does not have and is not subject to any restrictive legends.

FINRA
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Indemnified Party
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(c).

2

Indemnifying Party
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(c).

Investor Indemnitee
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a).

Investors
means (a) the Purchaser and (b) any Affiliate of the Purchaser, or (c) any other third-party transferee, in the case of clauses (b) and
(c), that acquires or becomes a transferee or assignee of any Registrable Securities to the extent permitted pursuant to this Agreement
and the Securities Purchase Agreement.

Moving Party
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14(c).

Other Securities
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Piggyback Notice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

prospectus
means the prospectus included in a registration statement (including a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from
a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A under the 1933 Act), as amended or supplemented
by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a registration
statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the prospectus, including post-effective amendments.

Purchaser
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

register,
registered, and registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration
statement with the Commission in compliance with the 1933 Act and applicable rules and regulations thereunder, and the declaration or
ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement by the Commission.

Registrable Securities
means, as of any date of determination, (a) any Common Stock, including any Common Stock issued to the Investors pursuant to the
exercise of any Warrant, and (b) any securities issued as (or issuable upon the conversion or exercise of any warrant, right or other
security that is issued as) a dividend, stock split, recapitalization or other distribution with respect to, or in exchange for, or in
replacement of, the securities referenced in clause (a) above; provided that the term Registrable Securities shall
exclude in all cases any securities (i) that shall have ceased to be outstanding; (ii) that are sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the 1933 Act or publicly resold in compliance with Rule 144; (iii) in the case of an Investor, all shares of Common Stock
held by such Investor, on an as converted basis, which are Freely Tradable; or (iv) that have been sold in a private transaction in which
the transferors rights under this Agreement are not assigned to the transferee of the securities.

Registration Expenses
means (a) all expenses incurred in connection with the registrations and offerings contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, including
all registration, qualification, listing and filing fees, printing expenses, escrow fees, fees and disbursements of counsel and blue sky
fees and expenses, and fees and expenses not to exceed $100,000.00 per registration of one counsel for the Electing Investors; and (b) all
expenses of any independent accountants in connection with any regular or special reviews or audits incident to or required by any such
registration; provided that Registration Expenses shall not include any Selling Expenses.

3

registration statement
means any registration statement that is required to register the resale of the Registrable Securities under this Agreement, including
the related prospectus and any pre- and post-effective amendments and supplements to each such registration statement or prospectus.

Resale Shelf Registration
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Resale Shelf Registration
Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Rule 144
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.

Securities Purchase
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Selling Expenses
means all underwriting discounts, selling commissions and stock transfer taxes, if any, applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities
by the Electing Investors.

Shelf Offering
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.

Shelf Registration
means the Resale Shelf Registration or a Subsequent Shelf Registration, as applicable.

Shelf Registration
Statement means the Resale Shelf Registration Statement or a Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement, as applicable.

Subsequent Shelf
Registration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

Subsequent Shelf
Registration Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person of which at least a majority of the securities or ownership interests having by their
terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other Persons performing similar functions is directly or
indirectly owned or controlled by such Person and/or by one or more of its Subsidiaries.

Suspension Period
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.

Take-Down Notice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.

Section 2. Registration.

(a) Subject
to the other applicable provisions of this Agreement, the Company shall file, as promptly as reasonably practicable, but no later than
the Filing Deadline, a registration statement under the 1933 Act covering the sale or distribution from time to time by the Investors,
on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 of the 1933 Act of all the Registrable Securities and shall provide for the
registration of such Registrable Securities for resale by such Investors in accordance with any reasonable method of distribution elected
by the Investors (such registration, a Resale Shelf Registration). The registration statement shall be on Form S-3
(except if the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, then such registration
shall be on another appropriate form for such purposes) (the Resale Shelf Registration Statement). The Company shall
use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Resale Shelf Registration Statement to be declared effective by the Commission as promptly
as practicable after the filing thereof, but in any event prior to the Effectiveness Deadline.

4

(b) Once
declared effective, the Company shall, subject to the other applicable provisions of this Agreement, use its reasonable best efforts to
cause the Resale Shelf Registration Statement to be continuously effective and usable until such time as there are no longer any Registrable
Securities (the Effectiveness Period).

(c) If
any Shelf Registration ceases to be effective under the 1933 Act for any reason at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to, as promptly as practicable, cause such Shelf Registration to again become effective under the
1933 Act (including obtaining the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf Registration), and in any
event shall, as promptly as practicable, amend such Shelf Registration in a manner reasonably expected to obtain the withdrawal of any
order suspending the effectiveness of such Shelf Registration or file an additional registration statement (a Subsequent Shelf
Registration Statement, and such registration, a Subsequent Shelf Registration) for an offering to be
made on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 of the 1933 Act registering the resale from time to time by the Investors of
all securities that are Registrable Securities as of the time of such filing. If a Subsequent Shelf Registration is filed, the Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to (i) cause such Subsequent Shelf Registration to become effective under the 1933 Act as promptly
as is reasonably practicable after such filing, but in no event later than the date that is forty-five (45) days after such Subsequent
Shelf Registration is filed and (ii) keep such Subsequent Shelf Registration (or another Subsequent Shelf Registration) continuously
effective and usable until the end of the Effectiveness Period. Any such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be a registration statement
on Form S-3 to the extent that the Company is eligible to use such form. Otherwise, such Subsequent Shelf Registration shall be on another
appropriate form and shall provide for the registration of such Registrable Securities for resale by such Investors in accordance with
any reasonable method of distribution elected by the Investors.

(d) The
Company shall supplement and amend any Shelf Registration if required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration
form used by the Company for such Shelf Registration if required by the 1933 Act or as reasonably requested by the Investors covered by
such Shelf Registration.

(e) If
a Person becomes an Investor of Registrable Securities after a Shelf Registration becomes effective under the 1933 Act, the Company shall,
as promptly as is reasonably practicable following delivery of written notice to the Company of such Person becoming an Investor and requesting
for its name to be included as a selling securityholder in the prospectus related to the Shelf Registration:

(i) if
required and permitted by applicable law, file with the Commission a supplement to the related prospectus or a post-effective amendment
to the Shelf Registration so that such Investor is named as a selling securityholder in the Shelf Registration and the related prospectus
in such a manner as to permit such Investor to deliver a prospectus to purchasers of the Registrable Securities in accordance with applicable
law

5

(ii) if,
pursuant to Section 2(e)(i), the Company shall have filed a post-effective amendment to the Shelf Registration that is not automatically
effective, use its reasonable best efforts to cause such post-effective amendment to become effective under the 1933 Act as promptly as
is reasonably practicable, but in any event by the date that is thirty (30) days after the date such post-effective amendment is required
by Section 2(e)(i) to be filed and

(iii) notify
such Investor as promptly as is reasonably practicable after the effectiveness under the 1933 Act of any post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Section 2(e)(i).

(f) Notwithstanding
the registration obligations set forth in this Section 2, in the event the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable
Securities cannot be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly
(i) inform in writing each of the Investors and use its reasonable best efforts to file amendments to the Resale Shelf Registration Statement
as required by the Commission and/or (ii) withdraw the Resale Shelf Registration Statement and file as promptly as possible a new registration
statement (a New Registration Statement) on Form S-3, or if Form S-3 is not then available to the Purchaser for such
registration statement, on such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering; provided,
however, that prior to filing such amendment or New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to advocate
with the Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with any publicly available written or oral
guidance, comments, requirements or requests of the Commission staff. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the Commission
imposes a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Resale Registration Statement
as a secondary offering, unless otherwise directed in writing by an Electing Investor as to further limit its Registrable Securities to
be included on the Registration Statement, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be
reduced pro rata among all such Electing Investors whose securities are included in such Resale Registration Statement, subject
to a determination by the Commission that certain holders must be reduced first based on the number of Registrable Securities held by
such holders. In the event the Company amends the Resale Shelf Registration Statement or files a New Registration Statement, as the case
may be, under clauses (i) or (ii) above, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as
allowed by Commission provided to the Purchaser or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form
S-3 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Resale
Shelf Registration Statement, as amended, or the New Registration Statement.

Section 3.
[Reserved]

6

Section 4. Suspension.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, upon notice to the Investors, the Company may delay, on one (1) occasion
in any twelve (12)-month period, the Filing Deadline and/or the Effectiveness Deadline with respect to, or suspend the effectiveness
or availability of any registration statement for up to thirty (30) days in the aggregate in any twelve (12)-month period (a Suspension
Period) if the Board reasonably determines in good faith that there is a valid business purpose for suspension of such registration
statement; provided that (a) any suspension of a registration statement pursuant to Section 9 shall be treated as a Suspension
Period for purposes of calculating the maximum number of days of any Suspension Period under this Section 4, (b) the Company
shall be actively employing in good faith all reasonable best efforts to launch such registered offering through such Suspension Period
and (c) the Investors are afforded the opportunity to include the Registrable Securities in an offering described in and in accordance
with Section 6. The Company shall notify the Investors in writing that such Suspension Period is for a valid business purpose
reasonably determined by the Board in good faith and such certificate shall contain a statement of the reasons for such Suspension Period
and an approximation of the anticipated length of such Suspension Period (provided such notice shall not contain material, non-public
information about the Company). If the Company defers any registration of Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2, the Investors
shall be entitled to withdraw such demand for registration, as applicable.

Section 5. Take-Down Notice.
Subject to the other applicable provisions of this Agreement, at any time that any Shelf Registration Statement is effective,
if an Investor delivers a notice to the Company (a Take-Down Notice) stating that it intends to effect a sale or
distribution of all or part of its Registrable Securities included by it on any Shelf Registration Statement that requires an amendment
or supplement to the Shelf Registration Statement (a Shelf Offering) and stating the number of the Registrable Securities
to be included in such Shelf Offering, then the Company shall amend or supplement the Shelf Registration Statement as may be necessary,
subject to the other applicable provisions of this Agreement, in order to enable such Registrable Securities to be sold and distributed
pursuant to the Shelf Offering.

Section 6. Piggyback Registration.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, if at any time the Company files a registration statement under the 1933 Act with respect
to an offering of Common Stock or any other equity securities of the Company (such Common Stock and other equity securities collectively,
Other Securities), whether or not for sale for its own account (other than a registration statement (i) on Form S-4,
Form S-8 or any successor forms thereto or (ii) filed solely in connection with any employee benefit or dividend reinvestment plan), then
the Company shall promptly give written notice of such filing to the Investors, which notice shall be given, to the extent reasonably
practicable, no later than ten (10) Business Days before the filing or launch date (the Piggyback Notice). The Piggyback
Notice and the contents thereof shall be kept confidential by the Investors. The Piggyback Notice shall offer each Investor the opportunity
to include (or cause to be included) in such registration statement, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the number
of Registrable Securities as such Investor may request (for clarity, other than with respect to any Registrable Securities of such Investor
for which a Resale Registration Statement has previously been filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement and such Registrable Securities
have been sold) (a Piggyback Registration). Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company shall
include in each such Piggyback Registration all Registrable Securities with respect to which the Company has received from an Electing
Investor a written request for inclusion therein (a Piggyback Request) within five (5) Business Days following receipt
of any Piggyback Notice by such Electing Investor (but in any event not later than one (1) Business Day prior to the filing date of a
Piggyback Registration Statement), which Piggyback Request shall specify the maximum number of Registrable Securities intended to be disposed
of by such Electing Investor and the intended method of distribution. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, the Company may not commence or permit the commencement of any sale of Other Securities in a public offering
to which this Section 6 applies unless the Electing Investors shall have received the Piggyback Notice in respect to such public
offering not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to the commencement of such sale of Other Securities. The Electing Investors shall
be permitted to withdraw all or part of the Registrable Securities from a Piggyback Registration at any time at least one (1) Business
Day prior to the effective date of the registration statement relating to such Piggyback Registration.

7

(b) If
any Other Securities to be registered pursuant to the registration giving rise to the rights under this Section 6 are to be sold
in an underwritten offering, (i) the Company or other Persons designated by the Company shall have the right to appoint the book-running,
managing and other underwriter(s) for such offering in their discretion and (ii) to the extent such Other Securities are of the same class
as the Registrable Securities, the Electing Investors shall be permitted to include in such offering any number of the Registrable Securities
included in each such Electing Investors Piggyback Request on the same terms and conditions as such Other Securities proposed by
the Company or any third party to be included in such offering; provided, however, that if the managing underwriter(s) of
such underwritten offering advise the Company in writing that it is their good faith opinion that the total amount of Registrable Securities
requested to be so included, together with all Other Securities that the Company and any other Persons having rights to participate in
such registration intend to include in such offering (an Underwriter Cutback), exceeds the total number or dollar
amount of such securities that can be sold without having an adverse effect on the price, timing or distribution of the Registrable Securities
to be so included together with all Other Securities, then there shall be included in such firm commitment underwritten offering the number
or dollar amount of Registrable Securities and such Other Securities that in the good faith opinion of such managing underwriter(s) can
be sold without so adversely affecting such offering, and such number of Registrable Securities and Other Securities shall be allocated
for inclusion as follows: (A) in the event that the Piggyback Registration is initiated as a primary underwritten offering on behalf of
the Company, (1) first, the Other Securities that the Company proposes to sell in such offering and (2) second, and only
if all the securities referred to in clause (1) have been included, any Other Securities proposed to be included in such offering by any
other holders of such Other Securities to whom the Company has a contractual obligation to facilitate such offering and any Registrable
Securities requested to be included therein by any Electing Investors, and (B) if the Piggyback Registration is initiated as an underwritten
offering on behalf of a holder of Other Securities to whom the Company has a contractual obligation to facilitate such offering (other
than an Electing Investor), (1) first, the Other Securities that such holder demanding the offering pursuant to such contractual
right proposes to sell in such offering, (2) second, and only if all the securities referred to in clause (1) have been included,
any Other Securities proposed to be sold for the account of the Company in such offering, and (3) third, and only if all the securities
referred to in clauses (1) and (2) have been included, any Registrable Securities requested to be included in such offering by any Electing
Investors and any Other Securities proposed to be included in such offering by any other holders of Other Securities to whom the Company
has a contractual obligation to facilitate such offering, in each case of clauses (A)(2) and (B)(3), allocated pro rata on the
basis of the number of Other Securities and Registrable Securities proposed to be included in such offering, up to the number or dollar
amount of such securities, if any, that the managing underwriters determine can be included in the offering without reasonably being expected
to adversely affect such offering (including the price, timing or distribution of the securities to be offered in such offering).

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Piggyback Registration rights described in Section 6 shall not apply to any Block Trades undertaken by the Company
on behalf of itself.

8

Section 7. Expenses
of Registration. Except as specifically provided for in this Agreement, all Registration Expenses incurred in connection with any
registration, qualification or compliance hereunder shall be borne by the Company. All Selling Expenses incurred in connection with any
registration hereunder shall be borne by the Electing Investors in proportion to the number of Registrable Securities for which registration
was requested.

Section 8. Obligations
of the Company. Whenever required to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2 or Section 6 of
this Agreement, the Company shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable:

(a) Prepare
and file with the Commission a registration statement (including all required exhibits to such registration statement) with respect to
such Registrable Securities and use reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective, or prepare and file
with the Commission a prospectus supplement with respect to such Registrable Securities pursuant to an effective registration statement
and keep such registration statement effective or such prospectus supplement current, in each case for the period of the distribution
contemplated thereby, in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement;

(b) Prepare
and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements to the applicable registration statement
and the prospectus or prospectus supplement used in connection with such registration statement as may be necessary to comply with the
provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such registration statement (including to permit
the intended method of distribution thereof) and as may be necessary to keep the registration statement continuously effective for the
period set forth in this Agreement;

(c) Furnish
to the Electing Investors and to their legal counsel copies of the registration statement and the prospectus included therein (including
each preliminary prospectus) proposed to be filed and provide the Electing Investors and their legal counsel a reasonable opportunity
to review and comment on such documents, and give reasonable consideration to the inclusion in such documents of any comments reasonably
and timely made; provided that the Company shall include in such documents any such comments that are necessary to correct any
material misstatement or omission regarding an Electing Investor;

(d) If
requested by an Electing Investor, promptly include in any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such information as any Electing
Investor may reasonably request in order to permit the intended method of distribution of such securities and make all required filings
of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company has received such request;
provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to take any actions under this Section 8(d) that are not,
in the opinion of counsel for the Company, in compliance with applicable law;

9

(e) Furnish
to the Electing Investors and to their legal counsel such number of copies of the applicable registration statement and each such amendment
and supplement thereto (including in each case all exhibits but not documents incorporated by reference) and of a prospectus, including
a preliminary prospectus, in conformity with the requirements of the 1933 Act, and such other documents as the Electing Investors may
reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of Registrable Securities owned by the Electing Investors. The Company hereby
consents to the use of such prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the Electing Investors in accordance with applicable
laws and regulations in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such prospectus and any amendment
or supplement thereto;

(f) Use
its reasonable best efforts to register and qualify the securities covered by such registration statement under blue sky or such other
securities laws of such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably requested by the Electing Investors and to keep such registration or qualification
in effect for so long as such registration statement remains in effect; provided that the Company shall not be required in connection
therewith or as a condition thereto to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of process in any such states or
jurisdictions;

(g) In
connection with a customary due diligence review, make available for inspection by the Electing Investors participating in any such disposition
of Registrable Securities and any counsel or accountants retained by the Electing Investors, all financial and other records, pertinent
corporate documents and properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and cause the officers, directors and employees of the Company
and its Subsidiaries to supply all information and participate in customary due diligence sessions in each case reasonably requested by
any such representative, counsel or accountant in connection with such registration statement; provided that (i) any party receiving
confidential materials shall execute a confidentiality agreement on customary terms if reasonably requested by the Company and (ii) the
Company may restrict access to documents or information that it determines, in its reasonable judgment, are competitively sensitive or
legally privileged;

(h) Enter
into customary agreements and take such other actions as are reasonably required in order to facilitate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities;

(i) [Reserved]

(j) Use
reasonable best efforts to list the Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement with any securities exchange on which
the Common Stock is then listed

(k) Give
notice to the Electing Investors as promptly as reasonably practicable:

(i) when any
registration statement filed pursuant to Section 2 or in which Registrable Securities are included pursuant to Section
6, or any amendment to such registration statement, has been filed with the Commission, and when such registration statement or
any post-effective amendment to such registration statement has become effective;

10

(ii) when
any prospectus or any prospectus supplement has been filed and, with respect to such registration statement, when the same has become
effective;

(iii) of any request by the
Commission or other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to any registration statement (or any information
incorporated by reference in, or exhibits to, such registration statement) filed pursuant to Section 2 or in which Registrable
Securities are included pursuant to Section 6 or the prospectus (including information incorporated by reference in such prospectus)
included in such registration statement or for additional information;

(iv) of the issuance by the
Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed pursuant to Section 2 or in which
Registrable Securities are included pursuant to Section 6 or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose;

(v) if
at any time the Company has reason to believe that the representations and warranties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries contained
in any agreement (including any underwriting agreement contemplated by Section 8(h) above) cease to be true and correct;

(vi) of
the receipt by the Company or its legal counsel of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from
qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for
such purpose; and

(vii) at
any time when a prospectus relating to any such registration statement is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, of the occurrence
of any event as a result of which such prospectus (including any material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference
in such prospectus), as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing, which event
requires the Company to make changes in such effective registration statement and prospectus in order to ensure that the statements therein
or incorporated by reference therein will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing (which notice
shall be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the prospectus until the requisite changes have been made and shall not contain
any material, non-public information about the Company);

(l) Use
its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance or obtain the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement referred to in Section 8(k)(iv) at the earliest practicable time;

11

(m) Cooperate
with the Electing Investors and each underwriter or agent participating in the disposition of Registrable Securities and their respective
counsel in connection with any filings required to be made with FINRA, including the use of reasonable best efforts to obtain FINRAs
pre-clearance or pre-approval of the registration statement and applicable prospectus upon filing with the Commission;

(n) Upon
the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 8(k)(vii), reasonably promptly prepare a post-effective amendment to such registration
statement or a supplement to the related prospectus or file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered to the Electing
Investors, the prospectus will not contain (or incorporate by reference) an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company
notifies the Electing Investors in accordance with Section 8(k)(vii) to suspend the use of the prospectus until the requisite changes
to the prospectus have been made, then the Electing Investors shall suspend use of such prospectus and, if requested by the Company, use
their reasonable best efforts to return to the Company all copies of such prospectus (at the Companys expense) other than permanent
file copies then in the Electing Investors possession, and the period of effectiveness of such registration statement provided
for in Section 8(a) above shall be extended by the number of days from and including the date of the giving of such notice to the
date the Electing Investors shall have received such amended or supplemented prospectus pursuant to this Section 8(n); and

(o) Procure
the cooperation of the Companys transfer agent in settling any offering or sale of Registrable Securities, including with respect
to the transfer of physical stock certificates into book-entry form, no later than the effective date of such registration statement.
In connection therewith, if reasonably required by the Companys transfer agent, the Company shall, promptly after the effectiveness
of the registration statement, cause an opinion of counsel as to the effectiveness of the registration statement to be delivered to and
maintained with its transfer agent, together with any other authorizations, certificates and directions required by the transfer agent
which authorize and direct the transfer agent to issue such Registrable Securities without legend upon sale by the holder of such shares
of Registrable Securities under the registration statement.

Section 9. Suspension of
Sales. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company pursuant to Section 8(k)(vii),
the Electing Investors shall immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until they (a) have received copies of a supplemented
or amended prospectus or prospectus supplement pursuant to Section 8(n) or (b) are advised in writing by the Company that the
use of the prospectus and, if applicable, prospectus supplement may be resumed, and, if so directed by the Company, the Electing Investors
shall deliver to the Company (at the Companys expense) all copies, other than permanent file copies then in the Electing Investors
possession, of the prospectus and, if applicable, prospectus supplement covering such Registrable Securities current at the time of receipt
of such notice.

Section 10. Limitation
on Subsequent Registration Rights. From and after the date hereof, the Company shall not enter into any agreement granting any
holder or prospective holder of any securities of the Company registration rights with respect to such securities that conflict with
the rights granted to the Investors herein without the prior written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable
Securities.

12

Section 11. Indemnification.

(a) Notwithstanding
any termination of this Agreement, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the
Electing Investors and each of their respective current and former officers, directors, employees, agents, partners, members, stockholders,
representatives and Affiliates, and each Person or entity, if any, that controls the Electing Investors within the meaning of Section
15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, and the officers, directors, employees, agents partners, members, managers, stockholders,
representatives and Affiliates of each such controlling Person (each, an Investor Indemnitee), from and against any
and all losses, claims, damages, actions, liabilities, penalties, charges, amounts paid in settlement and costs and expenses (including
reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of attorneys and other professionals) (collectively, Losses), joint or
several, arising out of, caused by, based upon, resulting from or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact
contained or incorporated by reference in any registration statement, prospectus, preliminary prospectus or final prospectus contained
therein, offering circular or other document, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or contained in any issuer free writing prospectus
(as such term is defined in Rule 433 under the 1933 Act) prepared by the Company or authorized by it in writing for use by the Investors
or any amendment or supplement thereto; (ii) any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or (iii) any violation
by the Company of any rule or regulation promulgated under the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act or state securities laws applicable to the Company
in connection with any such registration, and, without limiting the foregoing, the Company will reimburse each of the Investor Indemnitees
for any reasonable legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or defending against any
such Losses, as such expenses are incurred; provided that the Company shall not be liable to such Investor Indemnitee with respect
to any Losses for which any Electing Investor must indemnify any Company Indemnitee under Section 11(b).

(b) Each
Electing Investor shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company and
its officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives and Affiliates of the Companys securities covered by such a registration,
each Person who controls the Company (each, a Company Indemnitee), from and against any and all Losses arising out
of, caused by, based upon, resulting from or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any
registration statement, prospectus, preliminary prospectus, offering circular or other document, or any amendment or supplement thereto,
or contained in any issuer free writing prospectus (as such term is defined in Rule 433 under the 1933 Act) or (ii) any
omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case of (i) and (ii), but only to the extent that such
untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Electing Investor furnished in writing to the Company
by such Electing Investor stated to be specifically for use therein. In no event shall the liability of any Electing Investor hereunder
be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by such Electing Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities
giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

13

(c) If
any proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified Party)
with respect to a claim for which indemnity is required under this Agreement, such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person
from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall assume the defense
in such proceeding, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and
expenses incurred in connection with such defense; provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall
not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Section 11, except (and only) to the extent
that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review)
that such failure shall have proximately and materially adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party. An Indemnified Party shall have the
right to employ separate counsel in any such proceeding and to participate in the defense of such proceeding, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (i) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing
to pay such fees and expenses; (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such proceeding and to
employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such proceeding; or (iii) the named parties to any such proceeding
(including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and, in the reasonable judgment of such
Indemnified Party, a conflict of interest may exist as a result of the representation of both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying
Party by the same counsel (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ
separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof
and such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party); provided that the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for
the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to, but only to the extent necessary, one local counsel
in each relevant jurisdiction) at any time for all Indemnified Parties, unless in the reasonable judgment of any Indemnified Party a conflict
of interest may exist between such Indemnified Party and any other Indemnified Parties with respect to a claim. The Indemnifying Party
shall not be liable for any settlement of any such proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), effect any settlement of any pending proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified
Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that
are the subject matter of such proceeding. All fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the
extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section
11) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, promptly upon receipt of written notice thereof by the Indemnifying Party
(regardless of whether it is ultimately determined that an Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification hereunder; provided
that the Indemnifying Party may require such Indemnified Party to undertake to reimburse all such fees and expenses to the extent it is
finally judicially determined that such Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification under this Section 11). The indemnification
set forth in this Section 11 shall be in addition to any other indemnification rights or agreements that an Indemnified Party may
have.

14

(d) If
the indemnification provided for in Section 11(a) or Section 11(b) is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable
to an Indemnified Party with respect to any Losses referred to in Section 11(a) or Section 11(b), as the case may be, or
is insufficient to hold the Indemnified Party harmless as contemplated therein, then notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement
the Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified
Party as a result of such Losses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnified Party, on the one
hand, and the Indemnifying Party, on the other hand, in connection with the statements, omissions or violations which resulted in such
Losses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Indemnifying Party, on the one hand, and of
the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other factors, whether the untrue or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact or omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Indemnifying Party or by the
Indemnified Party and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
statement or omission. The Company and the Investors agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section
11(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable
considerations referred to in this Section 11(d). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the liability of any Electing
Investor hereunder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by such Electing Investor upon the sale of
the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation. No Indemnified Party guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within
the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from an Indemnifying Party not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation.

Section 12. Agreement
to Furnish Information. If requested by the Company, each Electing Investor shall
provide such information regarding itself and its Registrable Securities as may be reasonably required by the Company in connection
with the filing of a registration statement and the completion of any public offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such
registration statement.

Section 13. Rule 144 Reporting.
With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of certain rules and regulations of the Commission which may permit
the sale of the Registrable Securities that are Common Stock to the public without registration, the Company agrees to use its reasonable
best efforts to: (a) make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144 under the 1933
Act or any similar or analogous rule promulgated under the 1933 Act, at all times after the effective date of this Agreement (Rule
144); (b) file with the Commission, in a timely manner, all reports and other documents required of the Company under the
Exchange Act; (c) so long as the Investors own any Registrable Securities, furnish to such Investors forthwith upon request: (i) a written
statement by the Company as to its compliance with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 and of the Exchange Act; (ii) a copy of the
most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company; and (iii) such other reports and documents as such Investors may reasonably request
in availing themselves of any rule or regulation of the Commission allowing them to sell any such Common Stock without registration and
(d) so long as the Investors own any Registrable Securities, take such further necessary action as any Investor may reasonably request
in connection with the removal of any restrictive legend on the Registrable Securities being sold, all to the extent required from time
to time to enable such Investor to sell the Restricted Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitations
of the exemption provided by Rule 144.

15

Section 14. Miscellaneous.

(a) Termination
of Registration Rights. The registration rights of any particular Investor granted under this Agreement shall terminate with respect
to such Investor upon the date upon which neither the Investor nor any of its Affiliates holds any Registrable Securities.

(b) Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial, Etc. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either Party against the other
concerning the Transactions shall be brought only in the state courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the state and county
of New York. The Parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder
and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens.

(c) Specific
Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement is not performed in
accordance with the terms hereof. Accordingly, each Party shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to
any other remedy at law or equity.

(d) Successors
and Assigns. The registration rights hereunder are not transferable and may not be assigned to any person without the prior written
consent of the other party hereto; provided, that any Investor may assign (in whole or in part) its rights and obligations hereunder
to any transferee or assignee of Registrable Securities in connection with any transfer or assignment of Registrable Securities in accordance
with the terms hereof and of the Securities Purchase Agreement; provided, further, that, as a condition to the effectiveness
of any such assignment of this Agreement (in whole or in part), any such transferee or assignee must agree in writing to be bound by the
terms and conditions hereof. Any assignment in violation of the forgoing shall be null and void ab initio. Upon the effectiveness
of any assignment (in whole or in part) of this Agreement by any Investor in accordance with the foregoing, such assignee shall, without
any further writing or action of any kind, be deemed a beneficiary hereof for all purposes and such assigned or transferred Registrable
Securities shall be held subject to all the terms of this Agreement, and by taking and holding such Registrable Securities such assignee
shall be treated as an Investor for all purposes under this Agreement and shall be entitled to receive the benefits of this
Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, no Person who acquires securities transferred in violation of this Agreement or the Securities
Purchase Agreement, or who acquires securities that upon acquisition cease to be Registrable Shares, shall have any rights under this
Agreement with respect to such securities, and such securities shall not have the benefits afforded hereunder to Registrable Securities.
In the event that the Company consolidates or merges with or into any Person and the Common Stock or any other Registrable Securities
are, in whole or in part, converted into or exchanged for securities of a different issuer, and any Investor would, upon completion of
such merger or consolidation, hold Registrable Securities of such issuer, then as a condition to such transaction the Company will cause
such issuer to assume all of the Companys rights and obligations under this Agreement in a written instrument delivered to the
Investors.

16

(e) No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement is intended solely
for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs and permitted assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor
may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person; provided, however, that each Indemnified Party shall be entitled
to the rights, remedies and obligations provided to an Indemnified Party under Section 12, and each such Indemnified Party shall
have standing as a third-party beneficiary under Section 12 to enforce such rights, remedies and obligations.

(f) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between the Parties
hereto with respect to the matters covered hereby, and all prior agreements and understandings, oral or in writing, if any, between the
Parties with respect to the matters covered hereby are merged and superseded by this Agreement.

(g) Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given on the date of actual delivery if delivered personally to the Parties to whom notice is to be given, on the date sent if sent by
e-mail or facsimile, on the next business day following delivery if sent by courier or on the day of attempted delivery by postal service
if mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage paid, and properly addressed. The address of the Purchaser
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature page attached hereto. If to the Company, at:

Triller Group Inc.

7119 West Sunset Boulevard

Suite 782

Los Angeles, CA 90046

Attn: Shu Pei Huang, Desmond

Email: dshu@triller.co

Any Party may change its address for purposes
of this Section 14(g) by giving the other Party a written notice of the new address in the manner set forth above.

(h) Delays
or Omissions. No failure on the part of any party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of such right, power or remedy by such party preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. All remedies hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive
of any other remedies provided by law.

(i) Expenses.
The Company and the Investors shall bear their own expenses and legal fees incurred on their behalf with respect to this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, except as otherwise provided in Section 7.

17

(j) Amendments
and Waivers. Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular
instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only if such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case of an amendment,
by the Company and the holders of at least a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding or, in the case of a waiver, by the
party against whom the waiver is to be effective. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 14(j) shall
be binding upon each holder of any Registrable Securities at the time outstanding (including securities convertible into Registrable Securities),
each future holder of all such Registrable Securities and the Company. No such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it applies
to less than all of the Investors or holders of Registrable Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of KCP Holdings Limited and
the Company agree to amend and restate this Agreement within thirty (30) days of the date hereof solely for the purpose of including as
Purchasers hereunder such other investors that have been discussed between KCP Holdings Limited and the Company prior to
the date hereof and that invest in the Company pursuant to a securities purchase agreement substantially similar to the Securities Purchase
Agreement within thirty (30) days of the date hereof.

(k) Execution
in Counterparts. For the convenience of the Parties and to facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

(l) Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the Parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the Parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(m) Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, each of the Parties and their respective heirs, successors
and permitted assigns.

(n) Interpretation.

(i) When
a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, Schedule or Exhibit, such reference shall be to an Article, Section, Schedule
or Exhibit of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.

(ii) Whenever
the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to
be followed by the words without limitation.

(iii) The
words hereof, herein, and herewith and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated,
be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole (including all of the Schedules and Exhibits) and not to any particular provision of
this Agreement.

(iv) Unless
otherwise specified in this Agreement, the term dollars and the symbol $ mean U.S. dollars for purposes of
this Agreement and all amounts in this Agreement shall be paid in U.S. dollars.

18

(v) The
definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine
as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term.

(vi) Any
agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to in this Agreement means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to
time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of
statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all references in this Agreement
to any Law shall include such Law and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and shall also include, unless the context otherwise
requires, all applicable guidelines, bulletins or policies made in connection therewith.

(vii) Each
of the Parties has participated in the drafting and negotiation of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation
arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if it is drafted by each of the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise
favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

(viii) The
term Company means the Company and its predecessors and successors.

[Signature pages follow.]

19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

TRILLER GROUP INC.

By: 

Name: Shu Pei Huang, Desmond

Title: Acting Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Registration Rights
Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

KCP HOLDINGS LIMITED

By: 

Name: Roger C. Kennedy

Title: Director

Address for Notice to Purchaser: 

KCP Holdings Limited 

71 Fort St., 3rd Floor 

George Town, Cayman Islands KY1-1111 

Attention: Roger C. Kennedy 

Email: roger.kennedy@kcplim.com 

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 

125 Broad St. 

New York, NY 10004 

Attention: Ari Blaut 

Lee C. Parnes 

Email: blauta@sullcrom.com 

parnesl@sullcrom.com 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights
Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022891701ex10-3_triller.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DIRECTOR INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 24, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

EXECUTION VERSION

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is made as of January 24, 2025 by and between Triller Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and Roger C. Kennedy (the Indemnitee), a director of the Company.

WHEREAS, the Indemnitee has
agreed to serve as a director of the Company and in such capacity will render valuable services to the Company;

WHEREAS, in order to induce
and encourage highly experienced and capable persons such as the Indemnitee to serve as directors and officers of the Company, the board
of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that it is reasonably prudent and necessary for the Company
contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and mutual agreements hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, including, without limitation,
the service of the Indemnitee, the receipt of which hereby is acknowledged, and in order to induce the Indemnitee to serve, or continue
to serve, as a director of the Company, the Company and the Indemnitee hereby agree as follows:

1Definitions.As used in this Agreement:

(a)A Change in Control occurs upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following
events:

(i) Acquisition of
Shares by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined below), directly or
indirectly, of equity securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power or the
combined economic ownership of the Companys then outstanding equity securities unless the change in relative beneficial
ownership of the Companys equity securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of
outstanding shares of equity securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors;

(ii)Change
in Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this
Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director
designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Sections 1(a)(i), 1(a)(iii)
or 1(a)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a
vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose
election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the
members of the Board;

(iii)Corporate
Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or
consolidation which would result in the equity securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or
consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving
entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power or the combined economic ownership of the equity securities of the surviving
entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of
directors or other governing body of such surviving entity;

(iv)Liquidation.
The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition
by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets; and

(v)Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of
Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act
(as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(b) Beneficial Owner has the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act; provided, however,
that Beneficial Owner excludes any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving
a merger of the Company with another entity.

(c)Disinterested Director with respect to any request by the Indemnitee for indemnification or advancement of
expenses hereunder shall mean a director of the Company who neither is nor was a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect
of which indemnification or advancement is being sought by the Indemnitee.

(d)DGCL means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time;

(e)Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

(f) Expenses shall mean
any expense, liability or loss, including, without limitation, damages, judgments, fines, penalties, settlements and costs,
attorneys fees and disbursements and costs of attachment or similar bond, investigations, liabilities, losses, taxes, any
expense paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in, participating in (including on appeal), or
preparing for any of the foregoing in, any Proceeding, and any taxes, interests, assessments or other charges imposed as a result of
the actual or deemed receipt of any payment under this Agreement.

(g)Independent Legal Counsel shall mean any firm of attorneys, selected in accordance with the terms of Section
5(b), so long as such firm is not presently representing and has not in the preceding five (5) years represented the Company,
the Companys subsidiaries or affiliates, the Indemnitee, any entity controlled by the Indemnitee, or any party adverse to the Company
in any matter material to any such party (other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other
indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Legal Counsel
shall not include any person who, under applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest
in representing either the Company or the Indemnitee in an action to determine the Indemnitees right to indemnification or advancement
of expenses under this Agreement, the Companys Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter), which became effective
as of October 15, 2024, or the Companys bylaws (the Bylaws), in each case, as the same may be amended from
time to time.

(h)Person has the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however,
that Person excludes (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company,
and (iii) any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their
ownership of shares of the Company.

(i) Proceeding shall
mean any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry,
hearing or any other proceeding (including, without limitation, an appeal therefrom), formal or informal, whether brought in the
name of the Company or otherwise, whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative nature, and whether by, in or
involving a court or an administrative, other governmental or private entity or body (including, without limitation, an
investigation by the Company or its Board), in which the Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or otherwise, by reason
of (i) the fact that the Indemnitee is or was a director (or a director appointee) or an executive officer of the Company, or
is or was serving at the request of the Company as an agent of another enterprise, (ii) any actual, alleged or suspected act or
omission or neglect or breach of duty or other obligation, including, without limitation, any actual, alleged or suspected error or
misstatement or misleading statement, which the Indemnitee commits or suffers while acting in Indemnitees capacity as a
director (or director appointee) or executive officer of the Company or any other entity or enterprise for which the Indemnitee was
serving at the request of the Company as an agent thereof, (iii) any business, transaction, communication, filing, disclosure or
other activity of the Company or any other entity or enterprise for which the Indemnitee was serving at the request of the Company
as an agent thereof, (iv) the Indemnitee attempting to establish or establishing a right to indemnification or advancement of
expenses pursuant to this Agreement, the Charter, the Bylaws, applicable law or otherwise or (v) the Indemnitee attempting to
establish or establishing a right to recovery under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained
by the Company, in each case of the foregoing (i) through (v), whether or not the Indemnitee is acting or serving in any such
capacity at the time any Expense is incurred for which indemnification is provided under this Agreement.

2

(j)The phrase serving at the request of the Company as an agent of another enterprise or any similar terminology
shall mean, unless the context otherwise requires, serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, employee benefit or welfare plan or other enterprise,
foreign or domestic. The phrase serving at the request of the Company shall include, without limitation, any service
as a director or an executive officer of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or executive officer
with respect to the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries, affiliates, employee benefit or welfare plans, such plans
participants or beneficiaries or any other enterprise, foreign or domestic. In the event that the Indemnitee shall be a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, employee benefit or welfare plan
or other enterprise, foreign or domestic, 50% or more of the ordinary shares, combined voting power or total equity interest of which
is owned by the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof, then it shall be presumed conclusively that the Indemnitee is so acting
at the request of the Company.

2Indemnification.Subject always to Section 6 below, the Company hereby agrees
to hold harmless, defend and indemnify the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Charter and the Bylaws, in
each case, as such may be amended from time to time in accordance with Section 17 of this Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing
indemnification and without limiting the generality thereof:

(a)Proceedings. The Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee against all Expenses if the Indemnitee is a party to, or threatened
to be made a party to, or is otherwise involved in, any Proceeding, including any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company.

(b)Indemnification for Expenses of Witness. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that the Indemnitee
has prepared to serve or has served as a witness or is made to respond to discovery requests in any Proceeding to which the Indemnitee
is not a party, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection
therewith, in each case, to the maximum extent permitted by the Charter and the Bylaws.

(c)Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company
for some or a portion of Expenses incurred in connection with any Proceedings, but not, however, for all of the total amount thereof,
the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion of such Expenses to which Indemnitee is entitled, in each case, to
the maximum extent permitted by the Charter and the Bylaws.

(d)Successful Claims. To the extent that Indemnitee shall have been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any
Proceeding, or any portion thereof, or in defense of any issue or matter therein, including, without limitation, dismissal without prejudice,
Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses relating to, arising out of or resulting from such Proceeding, without any further
determination under Section 6.

3Contribution.If the indemnification provided in Section 2 above is unavailable
to Indemnitee for any reason (other than those set forth in Section 6) in connection with a Proceeding, the Company, in lieu
of indemnifying Indemnitee thereunder, shall, to the maximum extent permitted by the Charter and the Bylaws, contribute to the amount
of Expenses paid or payable by the Indemnitee in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances
of such Proceeding in order to reflect (a) the relative benefits received by the Company and the Indemnitee and/or (b) the relative
fault of the Company, the Companys employees and other directors and such Indemnitee, in each case, in connection with the transaction
or events from which such Proceeding arose. The relative fault of the Company, the Companys employees and other directors and the
Indemnitee shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such Expenses.

3

4Advancement of Expenses.The Expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in any Proceeding shall
be paid by the Company in accordance with the terms of this Section 4 in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding at
the written request of the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law; provided, however, that the Indemnitee shall
set forth in such request: (a) an undertaking in writing to repay any advances if it is ultimately determined as provided in Section
5(c) that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, the Charter, the Bylaws or applicable law; and (b)
(if so requested in writing by the Company) reasonable evidence that such Expenses have been incurred by the Indemnitee in connection
with such Proceeding. Advances will be unsecured and interest free. Indemnitee shall qualify for such advances upon the execution of this
Agreement without any further undertaking. Within five business days after any request by Indemnitee for Expenses to be paid, advanced
or reimbursed hereunder, the Company shall, in accordance with such request (but without duplication), (i) pay such Expenses on behalf
of Indemnitee, (ii) advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses, or (iii) reimburse Indemnitee for such Expenses.
For clarity, the Company shall promptly pay, advance or reimburse any expenses of the Indemnitee in order to enforce its right to indemnification
under this Agreement in accordance with the terms of Section 2. 

5Indemnification Procedure; Determination of Right to Indemnification.

(a)As soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by the Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any Proceeding, the Indemnitee
shall, if a claim for indemnification in respect thereof is to be made against the Company under this Agreement, notify the Company of
the commencement thereof in a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available
to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The omission
to so notify the Company will not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement
unless the Company shall have lost significant substantive or procedural rights with respect to the defense of any Proceeding as a result
of such omission to so notify.

(b)The Indemnitee shall be conclusively presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement unless a determination is
made that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, the Charter, the Bylaws or applicable law by one of
the following two methods, which method, if there has not been a Change in Control, shall be: (i) by a majority vote of the Board
of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors or (ii) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable
or, even if obtainable, said Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Legal Counsel (selected by such Disinterested Directors
or by the Board if a quorum of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable, and, in each case, reasonably approved by the Indemnitee) in
a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Indemnitee. If a Change in Control shall have occurred and the
Indemnitee so requests in writing, such determination shall be made only by Independent Legal Counsel (selected by the Indemnitee and
reasonably approved by a quorum of Disinterested Directors or, if such a quorum is not obtainable, by the Board) in the manner set forth
in this subsection. The Company shall abide by the determination of the Independent Legal Counsel and pay the reasonable fees of the Independent
Legal Counsel incurred in connection with making any such determination.

(c)If (i) a determination is made that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement or (ii) a
claim for indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement is not paid by the Company within thirty (30) days after
receipt by the Company of written notice thereof, the Indemnitee is entitled to an adjudication in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Such judicial proceeding shall be made de novo. The burden of proving that indemnification or advances are not appropriate shall be on
the Company. Neither the failure of the directors of the Company or Independent Legal Counsel to have made a determination prior to the
commencement of such action that indemnification or advancement of Expenses is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has
met the applicable standard of conduct, if any, nor an actual determination by the directors of the Company or Independent Legal Counsel
that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense for the benefit of the Company to an action by
the Indemnitee or create a presumption for the purpose of such an action that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.
The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall
not, of itself (A) create a presumption that the Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which such Indemnitee reasonably
believed to be in the best interests of the Company and/or its stockholders, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that the Indemnitee
had no reasonable cause to believe that such Indemnitees conduct was unlawful or (B) otherwise adversely affect the rights
of the Indemnitee to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement, except as may be provided herein.

4

(d)If a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that the Indemnitee is entitled to any indemnification or advancement of Expenses
hereunder, the Company shall, to the maximum extent permitted by the Charter and the Bylaws, pay all Expenses incurred by the Indemnitee
(including, but not limited to, any appellate proceedings). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 5(d) shall prejudice
or limit Indemnitees right to advancement of Expenses in accordance with the terms of Section 4.

(e)With respect to any Proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of Expenses is requested, the Company will be entitled
to participate therein at its own expense and, except as otherwise provided below, to the extent that it may wish, the Company may assume
the defense thereof at its own expense, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee. After notice from the Company to the Indemnitee
of its election to assume the defense of a Proceeding and selection of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee, the Company
will not be liable to the Indemnitee under this Agreement for any Expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with
the defense thereof, other than as provided below. The Company shall not settle any Proceeding in any manner which would impose any penalty
or limitation on the Indemnitee, or which would contain an admission of fault by the Indemnitee, without the Indemnitees prior
written consent. The Indemnitee shall have the right to employ such Indemnitees own counsel in any Proceeding, but the fees and
expenses of such counsel incurred after notice from the Company of its assumption of the defense of the Proceeding shall be at the expense
of the Indemnitee, unless (i) the use of counsel chosen by the Company to represent Indemnitee would present such counsel with an actual
or potential conflict, (ii) the named parties in any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Company and Indemnitee,
and Indemnitee shall conclude that there may be one or more legal defenses available to such Indemnitee that are different from or in
addition to those available to the Company, (iii) any such representation by such counsel would be precluded under the applicable standards
of professional conduct then prevailing or (iv) Indemnitee has interests in the claim or underlying subject matter that are different
from or in addition to those of other persons against whom the Proceeding has been made or might reasonably be expected to be made. The
Company shall not be entitled to assume the defense of any Proceeding brought by or on behalf of the Company or as to which the Indemnitee
has reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest between the Company and the Indemnitee.

(f)Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in connection with any Proceeding for which indemnification or advancement
of Expenses is requested by Indemnitee hereunder.

6Limitations on Indemnification.Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company
shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against the Indemnitee:

(a)in connection with any Proceeding initiated and/or brought voluntarily by the Indemnitee and not by way of defense, unless (i) the
Board authorized the Proceeding prior to its initiation or (ii) the Proceeding is to enforce indemnification rights under this Agreement,
the Charter, the Bylaws, applicable law or otherwise;

5

(b)in respect of any conduct for which the Indemnitee: (i) did not act in a manner that the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; or (ii) in the case of criminal Proceedings, had no reasonable cause to believe was
lawful;

(c)for (i) any breach of the Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its stockholders, or (ii) acts or omissions not
in good faith or which involve, intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; or

(d)if a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines that such indemnification is unlawful.

7Insurance.To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing
liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, or agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person serves at the request of the Company, the Indemnitee
shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for
any director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under such policy or policies. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a Proceeding
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Company has directors and officers insurance in effect, the Company shall give
prompt notice of the commencement of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies.
The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts
payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

8 No Employment
Rights. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create in the Indemnitee any right to
employment or continued employment with the Company.

9 Continuation of
Indemnification. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue
during the period that the Indemnitee is a director of the Company (or is or was serving at the request of the Company as an agent
of another enterprise, foreign or domestic) and shall continue thereafter so long as the Indemnitee shall be subject to any
Proceeding by reason of the fact that the Indemnitee is or was a director of the Company or is or was serving in any other capacity
referred to in this Section 9. This Agreement shall continue in effect regardless of whether the Indemnitee continues to
serve as a director of the Company or as an agent of another enterprise at the Companys request.

10 Indemnification
Hereunder Not Exclusive.The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed to
be exclusive of any other rights to which the Indemnitee may be entitled under the Charter, the Bylaws, any agreement, vote of
stockholders or vote of Disinterested Directors, provisions of applicable law, or otherwise, both as to action or omission in the
Indemnitees official capacity and as to action or omission in another capacity on behalf of the Company while holding such
office.

11 Other Indemnity
Agreement. Other than this Agreement, the Company has not entered into as of the date of this
Agreement, and shall not enter into following the date of this Agreement, any indemnification agreement or side letter or other
similar agreement or arrangement (collectively, an Indemnity Agreement), or amend any existing Indemnity
Agreement, with any existing or future director/executive officer of the Company that has the effect of establishing rights or
otherwise benefiting such director/executive officer in a manner more favorable in any respect than the rights and benefits
established in favor of the Indemnitee by this Agreement, unless, in each such case, the Indemnitee is offered the opportunity to
receive the rights and benefits of such Indemnity Agreement. All Indemnity Agreements shall be in writing.

12 Assignment;
Successors and Assigns.Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations hereunder
may be assigned by either party thereto without the prior written consent of the other party, except that the Company may, without
such consent, assign all such rights and obligations to a successor in interest to the Company which assumes all obligations of the
Company under this Agreement in a written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and against the parties hereto and
the Companys successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise to all
or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company) and assigns, as well as the Indemnitees spouses, heirs,
and personal and legal representatives.

6

13 Subrogation. In
the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of
recovery of the Indemnitee, who shall execute all documents reasonably required and shall do all acts that may be reasonably
necessary to secure such rights and to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

14 Severability. Each
and every section, sentence, term and provision of this Agreement is separate and distinct so that if any section, sentence, term or
provision thereof shall be held to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity, unlawfulness or
unenforceability shall not affect the validity, lawfulness or enforceability of any other section, sentence, term or provision of
this Agreement. To the extent required, any section, sentence, term or provision of this Agreement may be modified by a court of
competent jurisdiction to preserve its validity and to provide the Indemnitee with the broadest possible indemnification permitted
under applicable law. The Companys inability, pursuant to a court order or decision, to perform its obligations under this
Agreement shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement.

15 Savings
Clause.If this Agreement or any section, sentence, term or provision of this Agreement is
invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify the Indemnitee as to any
Expenses which are incurred with respect to any Proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by any (a) applicable section,
sentence, term or provision of this Agreement that has not been invalidated and (b) applicable law.

16 Interpretation;
Governing Law.This Agreement shall be construed as a whole and in accordance with its fair
meaning and any ambiguities shall not be construed for or against either party. Headings are for convenience only and shall not be
used in construing meaning. This Agreement shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with Delaware laws without regard to the
conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the parties to this Agreement irrevocably agrees that the federal and state courts
located in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, State of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any
claim, suit, action or proceeding, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or are in any way related to or in connection
with this Agreement, and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.

17 Amendments.No
amendment, waiver, modification, termination or cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by the
party against whom enforcement is sought or whom is adversely effected by such amendment. The indemnification rights afforded to the
Indemnitee hereby are contract rights and may not be diminished, eliminated or otherwise affected by amendments to the Charter, the
Bylaws or by other agreements, including directors and officers liability insurance policies, of the
Company.

18 Counterparts.This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other.

19 Notices.Any
notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be directed to the Company at Triller Group Inc., 7119 West Sunset Blvd.,
Suite 782, Los Angeles, CA 90046, and to the Indemnitee at or to such other address as the Indemnitee shall designate to the Company
in writing.

20 Entire
Agreement.This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.

[The remainder of this
page is intentionally left blank]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Indemnification Agreement as of the date first written above.

TRILLER GROUP INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

INDEMNITEE

Name: 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement]

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022891701ex99-1_triller.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Triller Steals Social Media Spotlight with $50 Million Fundraise

Triller Group Inc. (Nasdaq: ILLR) secures its
place as a fierce competitor to TikTok, YouTube Shorts, and Instagram Reels with bold innovations, star power, and continued momentum

Los Angeles, CA, Jan. 29, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)
-- Triller Group Inc. (Triller or the Company) is making waves in the technology and investor sectors, announcing
a $50 million equity funding round secured through a private placement with institutional investors. This investment fuels Trillers
rapid ascent as the next powerhouse in short-form video platforms, further challenging TikToks dominance to become the superior
platform for creators, users, and collaborators. 

Backed by global icons like Conor McGregor, The
Weeknd, Marshmello, Lil Wayne, and many more, Triller surged into the top five in the Photo and Video category of app stores,
solidifying its status as a rising star in digital entertainment.

Supercharging the Creator Revolution

In addition to enhancing the platform for users,
the fundraise enables Triller to accelerate its mission of empowering creators. Triller will unveil cutting-edge AI-driven tools, enhanced
live-streaming capabilities, and a revamped video editing suite, providing creators with unmatched opportunities to engage audiences and
monetize their content.

At Triller, were not just building
a platformwere leading a movement, said Wing Fai Ng, CEO of Triller Group Inc. Whether TikTok is banned or
not has no bearing on our trajectory. With powerhouses like Conor McGregor and other global icons who champion our vision, weve
created a platform that is designed to outlast TikTok and any other competitor. Were not building our business around the failure
of others; this seismic shift in social media is only the beginning of whats to come.

Triller: The New Home for Viral Content

As TikTok faces ongoing challenges and uncertainty,
Triller has emerged as the ultimate refuge and frontrunner for displaced influencers and content creators. Trillers savemytiktoks.com campaign
has ushered in waves of creators seeking a U.S.-owned platform free from political and regulatory roadblocks.

Under the new leadership of former TikTok Executive
Sean Kim, Triller is redefining the user experience and what it means to create, distribute and monetize content.

BKFC & TrillerTV: Entertainment Frontiers
Redefined

Triller isnt stopping at short-form videos;
the Bare-Knuckle Fighting Championship (BKFC) brand reaches over 250 million fans across 60 countries, while TrillerTV is celebrating
a decade of streaming success. Upcoming events like Wrestle Kingdom 19 from Tokyo Dome draw millions of viewers and further positions
Triller as a multimedia powerhouse.

Trillers Future: Poised for Dominance
in 2025

With the fund raise and these developments underway,
Triller is poised to become the premier social media hub in 2025, attracting top talent and ensuring long-term growth and success through
its transparent and innovative environment.

Following President Donald Trumps reelection,
Triller Group made a sizeable contribution to the Trump Inaugural Fund, underscoring its dedication to supporting initiatives that resonate
with its business values and long-term vision.

Navigating the Ship: Investment and Changes
to Trillers Leadership

Triller Group has also appointed Dr. Roger Kennedy
as an non-executive director following a designation by KCP Holdings Limited, the lead investor in this funding round. He will join the
boards audit, remuneration, and nomination committees.

The private placement consisted of common stock
and warrants, with the Companys shares priced at $2.20 each. This funding round is the first new capital infusion following the
AGBA-Triller merger, with an additional fundraise expected later this year.

This fundraise is a powerful catalyst for Triller
Groups commitment to innovation and growth. With strong backing from our investors and the star power of icons like Conor McGregor,
Triller is gearing up to disrupt the digital content landscape like never before. Together with its team, partners, and creators, Triller
is creating a platform where ownership, growth, and meaningful monetization are finally within reach.

For more details, please refer to the Companys
report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 29, 2025.

About Triller Group Inc.

Nasdaq: ILLR. Triller Group is a US-based company
that operates two main businesses: the newly merged US-based social media operations (Triller Corp.), and the legacy operations of the
Company in Hong Kong (AGBA).

Triller Corp. is a next generation, AI-powered,
social media and live-streaming event platform for creators. Pairing music culture with sports, fashion, entertainment, and influencers
through a 360-degree view of content and technology, Triller Corp. uses proprietary AI technology to push and track content virally to
affiliated and non-affiliated sites and networks, enabling them to reach millions of additional users. Triller Corp. additionally owns
Triller Sports, Bare-Knuckle Fighting Championship (BKFC); Amplify.ai, a leading machine-learning, AI platform; and TrillerTV, a premier
global PPV, AVOD, and SVOD streaming service. For more information, visit www.trillercorp.com

Established in 1993, AGBA is a leading, multi-channel
business platform that incorporates cutting edge machine-learning and offers a broad set of financial services and healthcare products
to consumers through a tech-led ecosystem, enabling clients to unlock the choices that best suit their needs. Trusted by over 400,000
individual and corporate customers, the Group is organized into four market-leading businesses: Platform Business, Distribution Business,
Healthcare Business, and Fintech Business. For more information, please visit www.agba.com.

Safe Harbor Statement

This press release contains forward-looking statements
as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives,
goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical
facts. When the Company uses words such as may, will, intend, should, believe,
expect, anticipate, project, estimate or similar expressions that do not relate
solely to historical matters, it is making forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance
and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual results to differ materially from the Companys expectations discussed
in the forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to uncertainties and risks including, but not limited to, the following:
the Companys goals and strategies; the Companys future business development; product and service demand and acceptance;
changes in technology; economic conditions; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against us following the consummation
of the business combination; expectations regarding our strategies and future financial performance, including its future business plans
or objectives, prospective performance and opportunities and competitors, revenues, products, pricing, operating expenses, market trends,
liquidity, cash flows and uses of cash, capital expenditures, and our ability to invest in growth initiatives and pursue acquisition opportunities;
reputation and brand; the impact of competition and pricing; government regulations; fluctuations in general economic and business conditions
in Hong Kong and the international markets the Company plans to serve and assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing and
other risks contained in reports filed by the Company with the SEC, the length and severity of the recent coronavirus outbreak, including
its impacts across our business and operations. For these reasons, among others, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon
any forward-looking statements in this press release. Additional factors are discussed in the Companys filings with the SEC, which
are available for review at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forwardlooking
statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof.

Investor & Media Relations:

Bethany Lai

ir@triller.co

Breanne Fritcher

triller@wachsman.com

# # #
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>illr-20250124.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>illr-20250124_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>illr-20250124_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-quarter of one share of Common Stock for $23.00 per full share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>illr-20250124_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 24, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38909

Entity Registrant Name TRILLER GROUP INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001769624

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-1473901

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7119 West Sunset Boulevard

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 782

Entity Address, City or Town Los Angeles

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90046

City Area Code 310

Local Phone Number 893-5090

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol ILLR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-quarter of one share of Common Stock for $23.00 per full share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-quarter of one share of Common Stock for $23.00 per full share

Trading Symbol ILLRW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ILLR_CommonStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ILLR_WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOnequarterOfOneShareOfCommonStockFor23.00PerFullShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://trillercorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0228917-8k_triller.htm 
illr-20250124.xsd 
illr-20250124_def.xml 
illr-20250124_lab.xml 
illr-20250124_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-007707-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ea0228917-8k_triller_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001769624 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

0001769624 

ILLR:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

0001769624 

ILLR:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOnequarterOfOneShareOfCommonStockFor23.00PerFullShareMember 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001769624 
8-K 
2025-01-24 
TRILLER GROUP INC. 
DE 
001-38909 
33-1473901 
7119 West Sunset Boulevard 
Suite 782 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90046 
310 
893-5090 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
ILLR 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-quarter of one share of Common Stock for $23.00 per full share 
ILLRW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>