<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-020122.txt : 20250204
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-020122.hdr.sgml : 20250204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204170839
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-020122
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250129
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITIL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000755001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				020381573
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08858
		FILM NUMBER:		25589430

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 LIBERTY LANE WEST
		CITY:			HAMPTON
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03842
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6037736504

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 LIBERTY LANE WEST
		CITY:			HAMPTON
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03842
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d900757d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

UNITIL CORPfalse000075500100007550012025-01-292025-01-29

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 29, 2025

UNITIL CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

New Hampshire 1-8858 02-0381573

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

6 Liberty Lane West, Hampton, New Hampshire 03842-1720

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (603)772-0775

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, no par value UTL New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

1. Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

On January 29, 2025, Unitil Corporation (Unitil) entered into a Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 29, 2025 among the following parties (the Second Amendment): Unitil; Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent; and Bank of America, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A., and TD Bank, N.A. (each, a Lender). The Second Amendment further amends the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 29, 2022 among the following parties (the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), as previously amended: Unitil; Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent; and each Lender. 

The Second Amendment, among other things, (i) increases the borrowing limit under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement from $200 million to $275 million and (ii) extends the term of the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement from September 29, 2027 until September 29, 2028. 

Unitil and its affiliates have relationships with Bank of America, N.A. and the other Lenders involving the provision of depository and other cash management and commercial banking services, including with respect to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended). 

The foregoing summary of the Second Amendment and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Second Amendment attached as Exhibit 4.1 to this Form 8-K.

The Second Amendment has been included to provide investors with information regarding its terms. The Second Amendment is not intended to provide any factual information about Unitil or its subsidiaries or affiliates. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Second Amendment were made only for purposes of the Second Amendment and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Second Amendment, and are subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties to the Second Amendment, including being qualified by information in confidential disclosure schedules delivered by the parties to the Second Amendment in connection with the execution of the Second Amendment. The confidential disclosure schedules contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations and warranties contained in the Second Amendment. Moreover, the representations and warranties contained in the Second Amendment generally were made for the purpose of allocating contractual risk among the parties to the Second Amendment instead of establishing matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the parties to the Second Amendment that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Second Amendment and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants contained therein or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of Unitil or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Additionally, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties contained in the Second Amendment may change after the date of the Second Amendment, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Unitils public disclosures. 

2. Transition Services Agreement

In connection with Unitils acquisition of Bangor Natural Gas Company, a Maine corporation (Bangor), on January 31, 2025, Bangor entered into a Transition Services Agreement (the Transition Services Agreement) dated January 31, 2025 between Bangor and Hearthstone Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a Hope Utilities, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (Hope Utilities), which was acknowledged by Unitil. 

Pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement, Hope Utilities and certain of its affiliates will provide Bangor with certain services, for up to 12 months, in order to continue the operation and maintenance of Bangor substantially consistent with past practices until Hope Utilities and Unitil have accomplished the transition of business functions that were performed by Hope Utilities (or its affiliates) prior to the closing 

of Unitils acquisition of Bangor. Unitil will pay Hope Utilities a monthly payment to reimburse Hope Utilities (or its affiliates) for the actual cost of provision of such services (without the addition of any profit factor). 

The foregoing summary of the Transition Services Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Transition Services Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 to this Form 8-K.

The Transition Services Agreement has been included to provide investors with information regarding its terms. The Transition Services Agreement is not intended to provide any factual information about Hope Utilities or Bangor. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Transition Services Agreement were made only for purposes of the Transition Services Agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Transition Services Agreement, and are subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties to the Transition Services Agreement, including information in a confidential schedule delivered by the parties to the Transition Services Agreement in connection with the execution of the Transition Services Agreement. The schedule contains information that modifies or qualifies the Transition Services Agreement. Moreover, the representations and warranties contained in the Transition Services Agreement generally were made for the purpose of allocating contractual risk among the parties to the Transition Services Agreement instead of establishing matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the parties to the Transition Services Agreement that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Transition Services Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants contained therein or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of Hope Utilities or Bangor or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Additionally, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties contained in the Transition Services Agreement may change after the date of the Transition Services Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Unitils public disclosures. 

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant 

The disclosure in Item 1.01 under the heading Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure 

A press release announcing the completion of Unitils acquisition of Bangor is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K.

Item 8.01 Other Events 

On January 31, 2025, Unitil, PHC Utilities, Inc., an Ohio corporation (the PHC Utilities), and Hearthstone Utilities, Inc. (d/b/a Hope Companies, Inc.), an Ohio corporation (Hope Companies), completed Unitils previously announced acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Bangor from PHC Utilities pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement). PHC Utilities is a subsidiary of Hope Companies. 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, as consideration for the shares of capital stock of Bangor, Unitil paid PHC Utilities $70.9 million in cash for the stock, plus an additional $0.3 million (approx.) in cash as a working capital adjustment. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits 

Number 

Exhibit 

Reference (1)

4.1 (2) Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 29, 2025 among Unitil Corporation; Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent; and Bank of America, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A., and TD Bank, N.A. Filed herewith

4.2 Third Amended and Restated Note issued to Citizens Bank, N.A. Filed herewith

4.3 Third Amended and Restated Note issued to TD Bank, N.A. Filed herewith

10.1 (2) Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 29, 2025 among Unitil Corporation; Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent; and Bank of America, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A., and TD Bank, N.A. Included as Exhibit 4.1

10.2 (2) Transition Services Agreement dated January 31, 2025 between Bangor Natural Gas Company and Hearthstone Holdings, Inc. (d/b/a Hope Utilities, Inc.), acknowledged by Unitil Corporation Filed herewith

99.1 Press Release dated January 31, 2025 regarding completion of purchase of Bangor Natural Gas Company Furnished herewith

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Filed herewith

(1) 

The exhibits referred to in this column by specific designations and dates have heretofore been filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission under such designations and are hereby incorporated by reference. 

(2) 

In accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, this exhibit omits certain of its schedules and exhibits. This exhibits table of contents, or the cover page of its omitted schedules and exhibits, includes a brief description of the subject matter of all of its omitted schedules and exhibits. The Registrant acknowledges that it must provide a copy of any omitted schedules or exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

UNITIL CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/ Daniel J. Hurstak

Daniel J. Hurstak

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Date: February 4, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d900757dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

EXECUTION VERSION 

SECOND
AMENDMENT TO 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This SECOND AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of January 29, 2025 (this Amendment) is
by and among UNITIL CORPORATION, a New Hampshire corporation (the Borrower), the lenders party hereto (collectively, the Lenders) and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent (in such
capacity, the Agent), and amends that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 29, 2022 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of
July 18, 2024, the Existing Credit Agreement, as further amended and modified by this Amendment and as the same may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the
Amended Credit Agreement) by and among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Agent. 

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Agent and the Lenders amend the Existing Credit Agreement to, among other things,
(i) increase the Aggregate Commitments to $275,000,000 and (ii) extend the Scheduled Termination Date to September 29, 2028; and 

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Existing Credit Agreement, the Agent and the Lenders are willing to
amend the Existing Credit Agreement; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual agreements contained in this
Amendment and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement.

2. Amendment to Existing Credit Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in
Section 4 below and in reliance on the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 below, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Agent agree that the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended
to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text)
and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:
double-underlined text) as set forth in the pages of the
Amended Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A to this Amendment. 

3. No Default; Representations and Warranties,
etc. The Borrower hereby confirms that: (a) the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Article V of the Amended Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as if made on
and as of the date hereof (except that (x) to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, such representations and warranties are true and correct as of such earlier date and (y) the
representations set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent financial statements delivered to the Agent pursuant to clauses (a) and (b),
respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement); (b) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (c) the Borrower is duly authorized to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Amendment; (d) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action; and (e) this Amendment, when executed and delivered by the Borrower, will be a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or equitable principles relating to enforceability
(whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law). 

4. Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective upon the date (the
Second Amendment Effective Date) on which the following conditions precedent have been satisfied: 

(a) The Agent shall
have received from each party hereto a counterpart of this Amendment duly executed on behalf of such party. 

(b) The Agent shall have
received a Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note. 

(c) The Agent shall have received a Second Amendment
Effective Date Fee Letter executed by the Borrower, the Agent and BofA Securities Inc. 

(d) The Agent shall have received a certificate of
the Borrower, dated the Second Amendment Effective Date and executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, which shall (i) certify as to resolutions of its board of directors, authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this
Amendment and the related Loan Documents, (ii) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of each officer authorized to sign this Amendment and the related Loan Documents, and (iii) contain appropriate attachments, including the
certificate of incorporation of the Borrower certified by the Secretary of State of the State of New Hampshire and a true and correct copy of its by-laws.

(e) The Agent shall have received a certificate of good standing for the Borrower from the Secretary of State of the State of New Hampshire.

(f) The Agent shall have received a favorable opinion of counsel (or favorable opinions of more than one counsel) to the Borrower
acceptable to the Agent addressed to the Agent and each Lender, as to the matters set forth concerning the Borrower, this Amendment and the related Loan Documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. 

(g) The Agent shall have received UCC, tax and judgment lien searches in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Borrower. 

(h) The Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (i) that the conditions
specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) of the Existing Credit Agreement have been satisfied, (ii) that there has been no event or circumstance since December 31, 2023 that has had or could be reasonably expected to have,
either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Loan Documents has been obtained and is in effect, and (iv) as to the current Corporate Credit Rating in
effect as of the Second Amendment Effective Date. 

(i) The Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower attesting to the Solvency of the Borrower both before and after giving effect to any Borrowing, or the issuance of any Letters of Credit, in each case, on the Second Amendment Effective Date. 

(j) The Agent shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to it, such other assurances, certificates, documents or consents
related to the foregoing as the Agent or the Required Lenders reasonably may require. 

The Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders
of the Second Amendment Effective Date and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 

2 

5. Ratification and Confirmation. The Borrower hereby ratifies and confirms all of
the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and agrees that, except as expressly amended hereby, all of such terms and provisions remain in full force and effect. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Borrower hereby acknowledges and confirms that all obligations, liabilities and Indebtedness of the Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, constitute Obligations under and as defined in the
Existing Credit Agreement. 

6. Miscellaneous. 

(a) This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document. 

(b) Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute an amendment, modification or waiver of any
of the provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all of which remain in full force and effect as of the date hereof. 

(c) The Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable expenses, including legal fees and disbursements incurred by the Agent in connection with this
Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(d) This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when
executed and delivered, shall be an original, but all counterparts shall together constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax transmission or
e-mail transmission (e.g. pdf or tif) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. Without limiting the foregoing, upon the request of any party,
such fax transmission or e-mail transmission shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 

(e) This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York and shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

BORROWER

UNITIL CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Daniel J. Hurstak

Name: Daniel J. Hurstak

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

and Treasurer

[Unitil - Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

AGENT

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent

By: 

/s/ Kelly Weaver

Name: Kelly Weaver

Title: Vice President

[Unitil - Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

LENDERS

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Karen L. Cummings

Name: Karen L. Cummings

Title: Senior Vice President

[Unitil - Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A., as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Eric Fontaine

Name: Eric Fontaine

Title: Assistant Vice President

[Unitil - Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Ryan P. Feeney

Name: Ryan P. Feeney

Title: Vice President

[Unitil - Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

Exhibit A 

Amended Credit Agreement 

[Attached] 

Execution
Version

Exhibit A to
Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

Conformed Copy

First Amendment dated July 18, 2024 

Second
Amendment dated January 29, 2025

Published CUSIP Number: DEAL: 91326CAF6 

REVOLVING CREDIT: 91326CAG4 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Dated as of September 29, 2022 

among 

UNITIL CORPORATION,

as Borrower, 

BANK OF
AMERICA, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender, 

L/C Issuer and Lender; 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A., 

as
Syndication Agent and Lender 

and 

The Other Lenders Party Hereto 

BofA SECURITIES INC.,

as
Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 

1.01 Defined Terms 1 

1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 22 

1.03 Accounting Terms. 2323 

1.04 Rounding 23 

1.05 Times of Day 23 

1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts 23 

1.07 Interest Rates 2423 

ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 24 

2.01 Committed Loans 24 

2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 2524 

2.03 Interest and Default Rate 26 

2.04 Letters of Credit 2727 

2.05 Swingline Loans 35 

2.06 Prepayments 38 

2.07 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 39 

2.08 Repayment of Loans 4039 

2.09 Fees 4039 

2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 40 

2.11 Evidence of Debt 40 

2.12 Payments Generally; Agents Clawback 4140 

2.13 Sharing of Payments 42 

2.14 Defaulting Lenders 43 

2.15 Increase in Revolving Facility 46 

2.16 Extension Option 47 

ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 4847 

3.01 Taxes 4847 

3.02 Illegality 5251 

3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 52 

3.04 Increased Costs 54 

-i- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

3.05 Compensation for Losses 5655 

3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 5655 

3.07 Survival 56 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 5756 

4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension 5756 

4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 5958 

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 59 

5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 59 

5.02 Authorization; No Contravention 59 

5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 6059 

5.04 Binding Effect 6059 

5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 6059 

5.06 Litigation 60 

5.07 No Default. 60 

5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens 6160 

5.09 Environmental Compliance 6160 

5.10 Insurance 6160 

5.11 Taxes 6160 

5.12 ERISA Compliance 61 

5.13 Subsidiaries 61 

5.14 No Margin Stock; Investment Company Act 61 

5.15 Disclosure 6261 

5.16 Compliance with Laws 6261 

5.17 Taxpayer Identification Number 6261 

5.18 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 6261 

5.19 Solvency 62 

5.20 Sanctions Concerns; Anti-Corruption Laws. 62 

5.21 Designated Senior Indebtedness 6362 

5.22 Labor Matters 6362 

5.23 Amended and Restated Cash Pooling and Loan Agreement 6362 

-ii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

5.24 EEA Financial Institutions 6362 

5.25 Beneficial Ownership Certification 6362 

5.26 Covered Entities 6362 

ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 63 

6.01 Financial Statements 63 

6.02 Certificates; Other Information 6463 

6.03 Notices 65 

6.04 Payment of Obligations 6665 

6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 6665 

6.06 Maintenance of Properties 66 

6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 66 

6.08 Compliance with Laws 66 

6.09 Books and Records 66 

6.10 Inspection Rights 6766 

6.11 Use of Proceeds 6766 

6.12 Funded Debt to Capitalization Ratio 67 

6.13 Know Your Customer Information 67 

6.14 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions 67 

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 67 

7.01 Liens 6867 

7.02 Indebtedness 70 

7.03 Merger or Consolidation; Sale or Transfer of Assets 7170 

7.04 Change in Nature of Business 7271 

7.05 Transactions with Affiliates 7271 

7.06 Burdensome Agreements 7271 

7.07 Use of Proceeds 72 

7.08 Acquisitions 72 

7.09 [Reserved.] 72 

7.10 Sanctions 72 

7.11 Anti-Corruption Laws 7372 

-iii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 7372 

8.01 Events of Default 7372 

8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 7574 

8.03 Application of Funds 7574 

ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 7675 

9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agent 7675 

9.02 Rights as a Lender 7675 

9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 76 

9.04 Reliance by Agent 7776 

9.05 Delegation of Duties 77 

9.06 Resignation of Agent 7877 

9.07 Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders 7978 

9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. 79 

9.09 Agent May File Proofs of Claim 79 

9.10 Lender ERISA Representations 8079 

9.11 Recovery of Erroneous Payments 8180 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 81 

10.01 Amendments, Etc. 81 

10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications. 8382 

10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies: Enforcement 8584 

10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 85 

10.05 Payments Set Aside. 87 

10.06 Successors and Assigns. 87 

10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. 91 

10.08 Right of Setoff 9392 

10.09 Interest Rate Limitation 93 

10.10 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 93 

10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties 9493 

10.12 Severability 9493 

10.13 Replacement of Lenders 9493 

-iv- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 9594 

10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 9695 

10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 96 

10.17 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 9796 

10.18 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 9897 

10.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 9897 

10.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 98 

10.21 Continued Effectiveness; No Novation 9998 

10.22 Time of the Essence 99 

10.23 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 99 

SCHEDULES 

1.01(a) L/C Subsidiaries

2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages

5.06 Litigation

5.09 Environmental Matters

5.13 Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments

5.22 Labor Matters; Collective Bargaining Agreements

7.01 Existing Liens

7.02 Existing Indebtedness

7.06 Burdensome Agreements

10.02 Agents Office, Certain Addresses for Notices

EXHIBITS 

A Form of Committed Loan Notice and Notice of Loan Prepayment

B Form of Note

C Form of Compliance Certificate

D Form of Assignment and Assumption

E Form of Swingline Loan Notice

-v- 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) dated as of September 29, 2022 among UNITIL
CORPORATION, a New Hampshire corporation (Borrower), each lender whose name appears on the signature page hereof or otherwise becomes party hereto (collectively, Lenders and each individually, a
Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent, Swingline Lender, L/C Issuer and Lender amends and restates in its entirety that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 25, 2018 (as amended, the
Existing Credit Agreement) among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent. 

Borrower has requested that Lenders provide a revolving credit facility, and Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set
forth herein. 

In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 

1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

Acquiring Person means a person or group of persons within the meaning of Sections
13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Acquisition means the acquisition,
whether through a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of (a) a majority of the Voting Stock or other controlling ownership interest in another Person (including the purchase of an option, warrant or convertible or similar
type security to acquire such a controlling interest at the time it becomes exercisable by the holder thereof), whether by purchase of such equity or other ownership interest or upon the exercise of an option or warrant for, or conversion of
securities into, such equity or other ownership interest, or (b) assets of another Person which constitute all or substantially all of the assets of such Person or of a division, line of business or other business unit of such Person. 

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in the form approved by Agent. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 

Agent means Bank of
America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 

Agent Fee Letter means that certain letter agreement dated as of
August 2, 2022 by and between Agent and Borrower, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Agents Office means Agents address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or such
other address or account as Agent may from time to time notify Borrower and Lenders. 

Aggregate Commitments means the
aggregate Commitments of all Lenders which shall equal
$200,000,000275,000,000
, unless earlier reduced by Borrower in accordance with Section 2.07 or increased in accordance with Section 2.15. 

Agreement means this Credit Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and annexes hereto. 

Amended and Restated Cash Pooling and Loan Agreement means the Amended and Restated Cash Pooling and Loan Agreement dated
as of December 1, 2008, between Borrower and certain of its Subsidiaries, as amended from time to time. 

Applicable
Margin means, for any day, the rate per annum set forth below opposite the applicable Level then in effect (based on the Corporate Credit Rating), it being understood that (a) the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans shall be the
percentage set forth under the column Base Rate, (b) the Applicable Margin for Term SOFR Loans and Floating Rate Loans shall be the percentage set forth under the column Term SOFR, Floating Rate & Letter of Credit
Fee and (c) the Letter of Credit Fee shall be the percentage set forth under the column Term SOFR Floating Rate & Letter of Credit Fee: 

Applicable Margin

Level 

Corporate Credit Rating Term SOFR, Floating

Rate & Letter of Credit Fee Base Rate

1 At BBB+ or above, or at Baa2 and above 1.125% 0.125%

2 At BBB and Baa3 1.250% 0.250%

3 At BBB or below, or at Baa3 or below, but not at Level 1 or Level 2 above 1.375% 0.375%

Initially, the Applicable Margin shall be determined based upon the Corporate Credit Rating specified in the
certificate delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(viii). Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Margin resulting from a publicly announced change in the Corporate Credit Rating shall be effective during the period commencing on the
first Business Day following the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the Borrower does not have any Corporate Credit Rating, Pricing Level 3 shall apply. If the
rating system of Moodys or S&P shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this
definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Margin shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently in
effect prior to such change or cessation. 

2 

Applicable Percentage means, at any time, with respect to any Lender, the
percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lenders Commitment at such time. If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit
Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in
effect, without giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a
party hereto, as applicable. 

Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender,
(b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

Approving Lenders has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(b). 

Arranger means BofA Securities Inc., in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole book manager. 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the
consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)), and accepted by Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit D or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform)
approved by Agent. 

Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes
thereto. 

Autoborrow Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b). 

Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Scheduled
Termination Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.07, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make
L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and
Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU
of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with
respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment
firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 

Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds
Rate plus 0.50%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, and (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00%, subject to the interest rate floors set forth therein.
The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of Americas costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans,
which may be priced at, above, or below such announced 

3 

rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is
being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above.

Base Rate Committed Loan means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. 

Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial
Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of
ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party
means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

BofA Group has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b).

Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 

Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. 

Borrowing means a Committed Borrowing or a Swingline Borrowing, as the context may require. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close
under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in the state where the Agents Office is located. 

Capital Lease means,
as to any Person, a lease of any interest in any kind of property or asset by such Person as lessee that is, should be, or should have been recorded as a capital lease in accordance with GAAP. 

Capitalization means the sum of (a) Funded Debt plus (b) net worth of Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or
deliver to the Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender or the Lenders, as Collateral for L/C Obligations, the Obligations in respect of Swingline Loans, or the obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of
L/C Obligations or Swingline Loans, (a) cash or deposit account balances, (b) backstop letters of credit entered into on terms, from issuers and in amounts satisfactory to the Agent and the L/C Issuer, or (c) if the Agent and the L/C
Issuer or Swingline Lender shall agree, in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case, in Dollars and pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender (as
applicable). 

4 

Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and
shall include the proceeds of such Cash Collateral and other credit support. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after
the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation
or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (ii) all
requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case
pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

Change of Control means the earliest to occur of: (a) the date a tender offer or exchange offer results in an
Acquiring Person, directly or indirectly, beneficially owning 50% or more of the Voting Stock of Borrower then outstanding; or (b) the date an Acquiring Person becomes, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of 50% or more of the Voting
Stock of Borrower then outstanding; or (c) the date of a merger between Borrower and any other Person, a consolidation of Borrower with any other Person or an acquisition of any other Person by Borrower, if immediately after such event, the
Acquiring Person shall hold 50% or more of the Voting Stock of Borrower outstanding immediately after giving effect to such merger, consolidation or acquisition; or (d) the replacement (other than solely by reason of ordinary retirement, death
or disability) of 50% or more of the members of the Board of Directors of Borrower over a 25 month period from the directors who constituted such Board of Directors at the beginning of such period and whose actual election or initial nomination for
election shall not have been approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Board of Directors of Borrower then still in office who either were members of such Board of Directors at the beginning of such 25 month period or whose election as
members of the Board of Directors was previously so approved. 

Closing Date means the first date all the conditions
precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01. 

CME means
CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Committed Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type, and in the case of Term
SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01. 

Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans to Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.01, (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swingline Loans in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such
Lenders name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 

Commitment Fee Rate means, a rate per annum equal to 0.175%. 

5 

Commitment Increase has the meaning specified in
Section 2.15. 

Commitment Increase Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.15.

Committed Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01. 

Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing or (b) a continuation or conversion of
Committed Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as
shall be approved by the Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

Company
Reports means the Form 10-K and the Form 10-Q for the periods ended December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 

Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any
proposed Successor Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate, SOFR, SOFR Daily Floating Rate, Term SOFR and Interest Period, timing and
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, as reasonably determined by the Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such
applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or
that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or
that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any
security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management, or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Corporate Credit Rating means, as of any date of determination, the rating as determined by either S&P or Moodys
of the Borrowers non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long term debt. 

Covered Entity means any of the
following: (a) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (b) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (c) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. 

6 

Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable
determination date means the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website (or any successor source). 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy,
assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights
of creditors generally. 

Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the
giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 

Default Rate means an interest rate
equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Margin) otherwise applicable to a Committed Loan plus 2% per annum. 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.14(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all
or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies Agent and Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders determination
that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable Event of Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to Agent, the L/C Issuer,
the Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified Borrower,
Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders
obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lenders determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified
in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by Agent or Borrower, to confirm in writing to Agent and Borrower that it will comply with its prospective
funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by Agent and Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect
parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person
charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In
Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as
such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such
Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above,
and the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.14(b)) as of the date established therefor by Agent in a
written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by Agent to Borrower, the L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 

Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory is the subject of any
Sanction. 

Dollar and $ mean lawful money of the United States. 

7 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or
investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of
this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its
parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Electronic Delivery has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(b). 

Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned
to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

Eligible Assignee means any
Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii), (v) and (vi) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii)). 

Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules,
judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those
related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 

Environmental
Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries
directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous
Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the
foregoing. 

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other
ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person; all of the securities
convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all
of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any
date of determination. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that,
together with Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414
of the Code. 

8 

ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event, as defined
in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to make minimum required contributions with respect to any
Plan (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum
funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability
with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any
notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability, or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any
successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default has the meaning specified in
Section 8.01. 

Excluded Swap Contract means any Swap Contract entered into in the ordinary course of
business by any Subsidiary of the Borrower in connection with its regulated purchased electricity and natural gas supply. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws
of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a
Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such
interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by Borrower under Section 10.13) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to
Section 3.01(a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it
changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 

Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version
that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code , as of the date
of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version described above) and any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities (and related fiscal or regulatory legislation, or related official rules or practices)
implementing the foregoing. 

9 

Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and
published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the
purposes of this Agreement. 

FG&E means Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company, a Massachusetts corporation. 

Floating Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest based on the SOFR Daily Floating Rate. 

Foreign Lender means any Agent, Lender or L/C Issuer that is organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than that in
which Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 

Form 10-K has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(a). 

Form 10-Q has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(b). 

FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 

Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the L/C Issuer, such Defaulting
Lenders Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the
terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentage of Swingline Loans other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been
reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Fund means any Person (other
than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 

Funded Debt means all interest-bearing Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents)
of Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis having a maturity of one year or greater and which is classified and reported on the Borrowers Annual Reports on Form 10-K and the Borrowers Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q as
long term. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth from time to
time in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions
of comparable stature and authority within the accounting profession) including, without limitation, the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied and
subject to Section 1.03. 

10 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any
other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or
administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including, without limitation, the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority and any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central
Bank). 

GSGT means Granite State Gas Transmission, Inc., a New Hampshire corporation. 

Guarantee means, with respect to any Person, any obligation (except the endorsement in the ordinary course of business of
negotiable instruments for deposit or collection) of such Person guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any indebtedness, dividend or other obligation of any other Person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including (without limitation)
obligations incurred through an agreement, contingent or otherwise, by such Person: 

(a) to purchase such indebtedness or
obligation or any property constituting security therefor; 

(b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or
payment of such indebtedness or obligation, or (ii) to maintain any working capital or other balance sheet condition or any income statement condition of any other Person or otherwise to advance or make available funds for the purchase or
payment of such indebtedness or obligation; 

(c) to lease properties or to purchase properties or services primarily for
the purpose of assuring the owner of such indebtedness or obligation of the ability of any other Person to make payment of the indebtedness or obligation; or 

(d) otherwise to assure the owner of such indebtedness or obligation against loss in respect thereof. 

The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof,
in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. 

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes
or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials; polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to
any Environmental Law. 

Hydro-Quebec Interconnection Support Agreements means the agreements pursuant to which Borrower
and approximately sixty other members of the New England Power Pool have agreed to support the high voltage direct current transmission lines and associated conversions and supporting alternating current transmission facilities to allow for the
import and export of power between New England and Quebec. 

IFRS means international accounting standards within the
meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002 to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements delivered under or referred to herein. 

Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, at any time, without duplication, 

11 

(a) its liabilities for borrowed money; 

(b) all liabilities which would appear on its balance sheet in accordance with GAAP in respect of Synthetic Leases if such
Synthetic Leases were accounted for as Capital Leases; 

(c) obligations due in respect of Capital Leases which, taking
together such obligations for all Capital Leases of such Person, aggregate $20,000,000 or more on the date on which Indebtedness is being determined; 

(d) its liabilities for the deferred purchase price of property acquired by such Person (excluding accounts payable arising in
the ordinary course of business and liabilities pertaining to the regulated purchase of electricity and natural gas supply in the ordinary course of business, but, in any event, including all liabilities created or arising under any conditional sale
with respect to any such property); and 

(e) without duplication, any Guaranty of such Person with respect to liabilities
of a type described in any of clauses (a) through (d) above. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other
than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b). 

Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07. 

Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such
Loan and the Scheduled Termination Date; provided, that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan exceeds three (3) months, the respective dates that fall every three (3) months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall
also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan or Floating Rate Loan (including any Swingline Loan), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Scheduled Termination Date. 

Interest Period means as to each Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or
converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice, or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and
consented to by all Lenders and the Agent (in the case of each requested Interest Period, subject to availability); provided that: 

(a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day unless, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 

(b) any Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day
for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 

(c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Scheduled Termination Date. 

12 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

ISP means the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later
version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time). 

Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of
Credit, the L/C Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer and Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer in connection with such Letter of Credit. 

L/C Advance means, with respect to each Lender, such Lenders funding of its participation in any L/C Disbursement in
accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 

L/C Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or
amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C Issuer. 

L/C Credit Extension means,
with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 

L/C Disbursement means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been
reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Committed Borrowing. 

L/C Expiration Date means, with respect to
any Letter of Credit, the stated expiration date thereof (as such date may be extended from time to time in accordance with the terms of such Letter of Credit). 

L/C Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(i). 

L/C Issuer means Bank of America in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of
Letters of Credit hereunder. 

L/C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to
be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Disbursements. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter
of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the
operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 

L/C Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $25,000,000 and (b) the Aggregate Commitments. The L/C
Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. 

L/C Subsidiaries means the Subsidiaries of the
Borrower listed on Schedule 1.01(a), as such schedule may be updated from time to time after the Closing Date by written notice from the Borrower to the Agent. 

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines,
regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and
all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 

13 

Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Lender
Group has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b).

Lender
Recipient Party means, collectively, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer. 

Lending Office means, as to the Agent,
the L/C Issuer or any Lender, the office or offices of such Person described as such in such Persons Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as such Person may from time to time notify Borrower and Agent; which office may
include any Affiliate of such Person or any domestic or foreign branch of such Person or such Affiliate. 

Letter of
Credit means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder. 

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation,
assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or otherwise), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any
conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 

Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan or a
Swingline Loan. 

Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, and the Agent Fee Letter. 

Loan Parties means, collectively, Borrower and each Person (other than Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender) executing a
Loan Document. 

Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon,
the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), assets, or condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of Agent or any
Lender under any Loan Document, or of the ability of any Loan Party to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party, or (c) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against
any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. 

Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower,
whether existing as of the Closing Date or formed or acquired thereafter (i) the revenues of which, as of the end of any fiscal year, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, were greater than or equal to 5% of the
consolidated revenues of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, or (ii) the consolidated assets of which, as of the end of any fiscal year, were greater than or equal to 5% of the consolidated total assets of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, in each case, as reflected on the most recent annual or quarterly financial statements of Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Unitil Resources, Inc. (a
New Hampshire corporation) shall be deemed not to be a Material Subsidiary. 

Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any
time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to 103% of the Fronting Exposure of the L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time and
(b) otherwise, an amount determined by the Agent and the L/C Issuer in their sole discretion 

14 

Moodys means Moodys Investor Services, Inc. and any successor
thereto. 

Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA
to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has made, or is (or has been) obligated to make, contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. 

New Lenders has the meaning specified in Section 2.15. 

Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the
approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 

Non-Extending Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 

Note means a promissory note made by Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in
the form of Exhibit B. 

Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which
shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Agent), appropriately completed and
signed by a Responsible Officer. 

NUI means Northern Utilities, Inc., a New Hampshire corporation. 

Obligations means (a) all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party
arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, Letter of Credit or Swap Contract of Borrower to which a Lender or its Affiliate is a party, and (b) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcement and
collection of the foregoing, including, without limitation, the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the extent required to be paid by Borrower pursuant to Section 10.03, in each case, whether direct or indirect (including those
acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against Borrower or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any
Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 

Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and
the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and
(c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect
thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such
entity. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former
connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or
perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 

15 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary,
intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect
to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06). 

Outstanding Amount means (i) with respect to Committed Loans (including any Swingline Loans) on any date, the
aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans (including any Swingline Loans) occurring on such date; and (ii) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any
date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any
reimbursements by Borrower of any Unreimbursed Amount. 

Paid In Full and Payment In Full shall mean,
all amounts owing with respect to the Obligations (including any interest accruing thereon after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law by or against Borrower, whether or not allowed as a claim against Borrower in such
proceeding, but excluding as yet unasserted contingent obligations), have been fully and completely paid in cash and all Letters of Credit have been cancelled and returned (or secured by a back-to-back letter of credit or cash collateralized in
accordance with Section 2.04(q)). 

Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).

Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d). 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 

Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA),
other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or to which Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a
multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is
defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by Borrower or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 

Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. 

Project Entity means any Person that is a special purpose entity, in which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has an
equity interest. 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any
such exemption may be amended from time to time. 

16 

Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. 

Recipient means Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any
obligation of Borrower hereunder. 

Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c). 

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers,
employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Systems or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day
notice period has been waived. 

Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or
continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to a Swingline Loan, at any time an Autoborrow Agreement is not in effect, a Swingline Loan Notice, and (c) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, an L/C
Application. 

Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50% of the Aggregate
Commitments or, if the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50% of the Total
Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lenders risk participations and funded participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition); provided that
(i) at all times when Bank of America is the Agent and a Lender hereunder, Required Lenders shall include Bank of America, and (ii) the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any
Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 

Rescindable Amount has
the meaning specified in Section 2.12(b)(ii). 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or,
with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer means the chief executive
officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so
designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and Agent. Any document delivered hereunder
that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be
conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. To the extent requested by Agent, each Responsible Officer will provide an incumbency certificate and to the extent requested by Agent, appropriate authorization documentation, in
form and substance satisfactory to Agent. 

17 

Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in
cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account
of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest or on account of any return of capital to Borrowers stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent
Person thereof). 

S&P means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global
Inc., and any successor thereto. 

Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States
Government (including, without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majestys Treasury (HMT) or other relevant sanctions authority. 

Scheduled Termination Date means September 29,
20272028. 

Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in
Section 3.03(c). 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority
succeeding to any of its principal functions. 

Second
Amendment Effective Date means January 29, 2025.

SOFR means the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor
administrator). 

SOFR Adjustment with respect to Daily Simple SOFR means 0.1000% (10.000 basis points); and with
respect to Term SOFR means 0.1000% (10.000 basis points) for an Interest Period of one months, three months or sixmonths duration. 

SOFR Daily Floating Rate means, for any interest calculation with respect to a Floating Rate Loan on any date, a
fluctuating rate of interest, which can change on each Business Day, equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate, two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, with a term equivalent to one (1) month beginning on that date;
provided, that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then SOFR Daily Floating Rate means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first (1st) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in
each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment; provided, that if the SOFR Daily Floating Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date
(a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the
amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such
Persons ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Persons property would constitute
an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall
be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

18 

Subordinated Liabilities means liabilities subordinated to the
Obligations in a manner acceptable to Required Lenders. 

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint
venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests
having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless
otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of Borrower. 

Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b). 

Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 10.20. 

Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate
transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions,
interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar
transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any
kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master
Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement; provided that no
phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 

Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any
legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and
(b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any
recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 

Swingline
Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 2.05. 

Swingline Commitment
means as to any Lender (a) the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 2.01 hereof or (b) if such Lender has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Swingline Commitment after the
Closing Date, the amount set forth for such Lender as its Swingline Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.06(c). 

Swingline Lender means Bank
of America, through itself or through one of its designated Affiliates or branch offices, in its capacity as provider of Swingline Loans, or any successor swingline lender hereunder. 

19 

Swingline Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a).

Swingline Loan Notice means a notice of a Swingline Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.05(b), which shall be
substantially in the form of Exhibit E or such other form as approved by the Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

Swingline Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $15,000,000
and (b) the Aggregate Commitments. The Swingline Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. 

Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance
sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be
characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 

Taxes means all present or
future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term SOFR means: 

(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR
means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and 

(b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen
Rate with a term of one month commencing that day; 

provided that if the Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the
foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term
SOFR. 

Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor
administrator satisfactory to the Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Agent from time to time). 

Threshold Amount means $25,000,000. 

Total Liabilities means the sum of current liabilities plus long term liabilities. 

Total Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Committed Loans, Swingline Loans and all L/C Obligations.

20 

Type means, with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base
Rate Loan, a Floating Rate Loan, or a Term SOFR Loan. 

UES means Unitil Energy Systems, Inc., a New Hampshire
corporation. 

UES First Mortgage Bond Indenture means that certain Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust of UES (as
successor to Concord Electric Company) to U.S. Bank National Association (successor to Old Colony Trust Company), as Trustee, originally dated as of July 15, 1958, and amended and restated as of December 2, 2002 pursuant to the Twelfth
Supplemental Indenture thereto, and as further amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

UK Financial
Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA
Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

UPC means Unitil Power Corp., a New Hampshire corporation. 

Utility Subsidiaries means UES, FG&E, GSGT, NUI and UPC. 

Utility Subsidiary Restructuring Plan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.03. 

Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plans benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of
ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plans assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 

United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities
Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New
York, as applicable. 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in
Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in
Section 10.20. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in
Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III). 

Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(f). 

Voting Stock means Equity Interests of any class or classes, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of
contingencies, entitled to vote to elect a majority of the corporate directors (or Persons performing similar functions). 

21 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA
Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In
Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any
contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a
right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or
in such other Loan Document: 

(a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms
defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase
without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement,
instrument or other document (including the Loan Documents and any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, modified, extended,
restated, replaced or supplemented from time to time (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to
include such Persons successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto, herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to
such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Preliminary Statements, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections
of, and Preliminary Statements, Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory rules, regulations, orders and provisions consolidating,
amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified, extended, restated, replaced or supplemented from time to
time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and
contract rights. 

(b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from
means from and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through means to and including. 

(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the
interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation,
assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or
allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a
separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 

22 

1.03 Accounting Terms. 

(a) Generally. All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all
financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a
manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. 

(b) Changes in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAP (including the adoption of IFRS) would affect the computation of any financial
ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, Agent, Lenders and Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof
in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and
(ii) Borrower shall provide to Agent and Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made
before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Without limiting the foregoing, if any operating lease would be recharacterized as a capital or finance lease due to changes in GAAP since the closing date of the Existing Credit Agreement, then
solely with respect to the accounting treatment of such leases, such leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with GAAP as it was in effect on December 31, 2018, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating
thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above. 

1.04 Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the
appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest
number). 

1.05 Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time
(daylight or standard, as applicable). 

1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of
Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides
for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum
stated amount is in effect at such time. 

1.07 Interest Rates. The Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the
Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any
related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of
any Conforming Changes. The Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without
limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable
discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, 

23 

successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have
no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise
and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

ARTICLE II 

THE
COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 

2.01 Committed Loans.

(a) All Loans made and outstanding under (and as defined in) the Existing Credit Agreement as of the Closing Date (the Existing
Loans) shall be deemed to be refinanced by Committed Loans made on the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.01 and Section 2.02. Each of the Lenders hereby waives
all applicable breakage costs that may be payable under Section 3.05 of the Existing Credit Agreement as a result of the refinancing of the Existing Loans. 

(b) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Committed
Loan) to Borrower from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lenders Commitment; provided, however, that after
giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lenders participation
in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans shall not exceed such Lenders Commitment. Within the limits of each Lenders Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01,
prepay under Section 2.06, and reborrow under this Section 2.01. Committed Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Floating Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. 

2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans. 

(a) Each Committed Borrowing, each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Term SOFR Loans shall be made upon
the Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Committed Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Agent of a Committed Loan
Notice. Each such Committed Loan Notice must be received by the Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) two Business Days prior to the requested date of any Committed Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or of any
conversion of Term SOFR Loans to Floating Rate Loans or Base Rate Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Floating Rate Loans; provided, however, that if the Borrower wishes to
request Term SOFR Loans having an Interest Period other than one, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, the applicable notice must be received by the Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. four
Business Days prior to the requested date of such Committed Borrowing, conversion or continuation, whereupon the Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all
of them. Not later than 11:00 a.m., three Business Days before the requested date of such Committed Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Agent shall notify the Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Interest
Period has been consented to by all the Lenders and the Agent. Each Committed Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of $2,000,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof. Each
Committed Borrowing of or 

24 

conversion to Base Rate Loans or Floating Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $100,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify
(i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Committed Borrowing, a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Committed Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the
case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the
duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans
shall be made as, or converted to, Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one month. Any such automatic conversion to Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one month shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in
effect with respect to the applicable Term SOFR Loans. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have
specified an Interest Period of one month. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, a Swingline Loan may not be converted to a Term SOFR Loan. 

(b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the
applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the
case of a Committed Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Agent in immediately available funds at the Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan
Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), the Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as
received by the Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and
reasonably acceptable to) the Agent by the Borrower; provided, however, that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Committed Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there are L/C Disbursements outstanding, then the
proceeds of such Committed Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Disbursements, and second, shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above. 

(c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such
Term SOFR Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Term SOFR Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. 

(d) Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term SOFR Loans upon
determination of such interest rate. 

(e) After giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the
other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect at any time during the term of the Agreement. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans
in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Agent, and such Lender. 

(g) With respect to SOFR, SOFR Daily Floating Rate, or Term SOFR, the Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein 

25 

or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other
Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes
effective. 

2.03 Interest and Default Rate. 

(a) Interest. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(b), (i) each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin; (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin, (iii) each Floating Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from
the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the SOFR Daily Floating Rate plus the Applicable Margin, and (iv) each Swingline Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date
a rate per annum equal to the SOFR Daily Floating Rate plus the Applicable Margin, or if an Autoborrow Agreement is in effect, at a rate per annum provided by the Swingline Lender. To the extent that any calculation of interest or any fee required
to be paid under this Agreement shall be based on (or result in) a calculation that is less than zero, such calculation shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

(b) Default Rate. 

(i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at
stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 

(ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without
regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal
to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 

(iii) Upon the request of the Required Lenders,
while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above), outstanding Obligations (including Letter of Credit Fees) may accrue interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default
Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 

(iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including
interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 

(c) Interest Payments. Interest on each Loan shall be due and
payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after
the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 

26 

2.04 Letters of Credit. 

(a) The Letter of Credit Commitment. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in addition to the Loans provided for in
Section 2.01, the Borrower may request that the L/C Issuer, in reliance on the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04, issue, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period, Letters of
Credit denominated in Dollars for its own account or the account of any L/C Subsidiary in such form as is acceptable to the Agent and the L/C Issuer in its reasonable determination. Letters of Credit issued hereunder shall constitute utilization of
the Commitments. 

(b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension, Reinstatement or Renewal. 

(i) To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment of the terms and conditions, extension of the terms and
conditions, extension of the expiration date, or reinstatement of amounts paid, or renewal of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall deliver (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by
the L/C Issuer) to the L/C Issuer and to the Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two (2) Business Days (or such later date and time as the Agent and the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the
proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be, a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, extended, reinstated or renewed, and specifying the date of issuance,
amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with clause (d) of this Section 2.04), the amount of such Letter of
Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, extend, reinstate or renew such Letter of Credit. If requested by
the L/C Issuer, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement on the L/C Issuers standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. In the event of any inconsistency between the
terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the L/C Issuer
relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. 

(ii) If the Borrower so
requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application (or the amendment of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the L/C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an
Auto-Extension Letter of Credit); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit shall permit the L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of
issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date) in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon by the Borrower and the L/C Issuer at the
time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the
Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiration date not later than the date permitted pursuant to Section 2.04(d);
provided, that the L/C Issuer shall not (A) permit any such extension if (1) the L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its extended form
under the terms hereof (except that the expiration date may be extended to a date that is no more than one (1) year from the then-current expiration date) or (2) it has received notice (which may be in writing or by telephone (if promptly
confirmed in 

27 

writing)) on or before the day that is seven (7) Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from the Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or
(B) be obligated to permit such extension if it has received notice (which may be in writing or by telephone (if promptly confirmed in writing)) on or before the day that is seven (7) Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from
the Agent, any Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the L/C Issuer not to permit such extension. 

(c) Limitations on Amounts, Issuance and Amendment. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, extended, reinstated or renewed only if
(and upon issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal
(x) the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the L/C Sublimit, (y) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all
L/C Obligations shall not exceed such Lenders Commitment and (z) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments. No Letter of Credit shall be issued for the account of any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than an L/C
Subsidiary. 

(i) The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 

(A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain
the L/C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or
request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for
which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good
faith deems material to it; 

(B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L/C
Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; 

(C) except as otherwise agreed by the Agent and the L/C Issuer, the
Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than $100,000; 

(D) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender,
unless the L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuers actual or potential Fronting
Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.14(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which the L/C
Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion; or 

28 

(E) the Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic
reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder. 

(ii) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend
any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed
amendment to the Letter of Credit. 

(d) Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall have a stated expiration date no later than the
earlier of (i) the date twelve (12) months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, whether automatic or by amendment, twelve months after the then-current expiration date of such Letter of Credit) and (ii) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Scheduled Termination Date. 

(e) Participations. 

(i) By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the
expiration date thereof), and without any further action on the part of the L/C Issuer or the Lenders, the L/C Issuer hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the L/C Issuer, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal
to such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this clause (e) in
respect of Letters of Credit is absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance
of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments. 

(ii) In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing,
each Lender hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to pay to the Agent, for account of the L/C Issuer, such Lenders Applicable Percentage of each L/C Disbursement made by the L/C Issuer not later than 1:00 p.m. on the
Business Day specified in the notice provided by the Agent to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.04(f) until such L/C Disbursement is reimbursed by the Borrower or at any time after any reimbursement payment is required to be refunded to
the Borrower for any reason, including after the Scheduled Termination Date. Such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each such payment shall be made in the same manner as provided in
Section 2.02 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.02 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.04), and the Agent shall promptly
pay to the L/C Issuer the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.04(f), the Agent shall distribute such payment to the L/C Issuer or, to
the extent that the Lenders have made payments pursuant to this clause (e) to reimburse the L/C Issuer, then to such Lenders and the L/C Issuer as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this clause
(e) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any L/C Disbursement shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such L/C Disbursement. 

(iii) Each Lender further acknowledges and agrees that its participation in each Letter of Credit will be automatically
adjusted to reflect such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at each time such Lenders Commitment is amended pursuant to the operation of Sections 2.15 or
2.16, as a result of an assignment in accordance with Section 10.06 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement. 

29 

(iv) If any Lender fails to make available to the Agent for the account of
the L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(e), then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from
such Lender (acting through the Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the
greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the L/C Issuer in
connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C
Disbursement, as the case may be. A certificate of the L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (e)(vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(f) Reimbursement. If the L/C Issuer shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse the
L/C Issuer in respect of such L/C Disbursement by paying to the Agent an amount equal to such L/C Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such L/C Disbursement, if such notice is
received prior to 10:00 a.m. or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time, provided that, if such L/C Disbursement is not less than $1,000,000,
the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.02 that such payment be financed with a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or a Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the
extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Swingline Loan. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Agent shall notify
each Lender of the applicable L/C Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof (the Unreimbursed Amount) and such Lenders Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, each
Lender shall pay to the Agent its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount pursuant to Section 2.04(e)(ii), subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments. Any notice given by the L/C Issuer or the
Agent pursuant to this Section 2.04(f) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice.

(g) Obligations Absolute. The Borrowers obligation to reimburse L/C Disbursements as provided in clause (f) of
this Section 2.04 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of: 

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, or any term or
provision herein or therein; 

(ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the
Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in
connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 

30 

(iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such
Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement in such draft or other document being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any
document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; 

(iv) waiver by the L/C Issuer of any requirement
that exists for the L/C Issuers protection and not the protection of the Borrower or any waiver by the L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower; 

(v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit required that demand be in the form of
a draft; 

(vi) any payment made by the L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date
specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC or the ISP, as applicable; 

(vii) payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply
strictly with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator,
receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or 

(viii) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the
provisions of this Section 2.04, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. 

(h) Examination. The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it
and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrowers instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C
Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 

(i) Liability. None of the Agent, the Lenders, the L/C
Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit by the L/C Issuer or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder
(irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit
(including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the L/C Issuer; provided that the foregoing
shall not be construed to excuse the L/C Issuer from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by
Applicable Law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the L/C Issuers failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto
expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the L/C Issuer (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the L/C Issuer shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such
determination, and that: 

31 

(i) the L/C Issuer may replace a purportedly lost, stolen, or destroyed
original Letter of Credit or missing amendment thereto with a certified true copy marked as such or waive a requirement for its presentation; 

(ii) the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter
of Credit without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and may make payment upon presentation of documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of such
Letter of Credit and without regard to any non-documentary condition in such Letter of Credit; 

(iii) the L/C Issuer shall
have the right, in its sole discretion, to decline to accept such documents and to make such payment if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit; and 

(iv) this sentence shall establish the standard of care to be exercised by the L/C Issuer when determining whether drafts and
other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof (and the parties hereto hereby waive, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, any standard of care inconsistent with the foregoing). 

Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by
reason of (A) any presentation that includes forged or fraudulent documents or that is otherwise affected by the fraudulent, bad faith, or illegal conduct of the beneficiary or other Person, (B) the L/C Issuer declining to take-up
documents and make payment, (C) any documents that are fraudulent, forged, or for other reasons by which that it is entitled not to honor, (D) Borrowers waiver of discrepancies with respect to such documents or request for honor of
such documents or (E) the L/C Issuer retaining proceeds of a Letter of Credit based on an apparently applicable attachment order, blocking regulation, or third-party claim notified to the L/C Issuer. 

(j) Applicability of ISP; Limitation of Liability. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of
Credit is issued by it, the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the L/C Issuers rights and remedies against the Borrower shall
not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a
jurisdiction where the L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or, to the extent not inconsistent with the ISP or applicable Law, in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC
Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such
law or practice. 

(k) Benefits. The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it
and the documents associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with
Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Agent as used in Article IX included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or
omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C Issuer. 

32 

(l) Letter of Credit Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the account of
each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee) for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Margin times the daily amount available to be drawn under such
Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. Letter of Credit Fees shall be
(i) payable on the first Business Day following the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (ii) accrued through and including the last
day of each calendar quarter in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Margin during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Margin separately for
each period during such quarter that such Applicable Margin was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue
at the Default Rate. 

(m) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall pay directly
to the L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum equal to the percentage separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the L/C Issuer, computed on the daily amount available to be
drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable no later than the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in the most recently- ended quarterly period
(or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Scheduled Termination Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount
available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars,
the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard, customary costs and charges, of the L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard, customary
costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 

(n) Disbursement Procedures. The L/C Issuer for any Letter
of Credit shall, within the time allowed by Applicable Laws or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit. The L/C Issuer
shall promptly after such examination notify the Agent and the Borrower in writing of such demand for payment if the L/C Issuer has made or will make an L/C Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such
notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the L/C Issuer and the Lenders with respect to any such L/C Disbursement. 

(o) Interim Interest. If the L/C Issuer for any standby Letter of Credit shall make any L/C Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower
shall reimburse such L/C Disbursement in full on the date such L/C Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such L/C Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the
Borrower reimburses such L/C Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loans; provided that if the Borrower fails to reimburse such L/C Disbursement when due pursuant to clause (f) of this
Section 2.04, then Section 2.03(b) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this clause (o) shall be for account of the L/C Issuer, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender
pursuant to clause (f) of this Section 2.04 to reimburse the L/C Issuer shall be for account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 

33 

(p) Replacement of the L/C Issuer. The L/C Issuer may be replaced at any time by
written agreement between the Borrower, the Agent, the replaced L/C Issuer and the successor L/C Issuer. The Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the L/C Issuer. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the
Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.04(m). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor L/C Issuer shall have all the rights and
obligations of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term L/C Issuer shall be deemed to include such successor or any previous L/C
Issuer, or such successor and all previous L/C Issuer, as the context shall require. After the replacement of the L/C Issuer hereunder, the replaced L/C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of
an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 

(q) Cash Collateralization. 

(i) If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Agent
or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with L/C Obligations representing more than 50% of the total L/C Obligations) demanding the deposit of Cash Collateral pursuant to this clause (q), the
Borrower shall immediately pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Agent an amount in cash equal to 103% of the total L/C Obligations as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, provided that the obligation to
deposit such Cash Collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower
described in clause (f) of Section 8.01. Such deposit shall be held by the Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. In addition, and without limiting the
foregoing or clause (d) of this Section 2.04, if any L/C Obligations remain outstanding after the expiration date specified in said clause (d), the Borrower shall immediately deposit into the Collateral Account an
amount in cash equal to 103% of such L/C Obligations as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 

(ii) The Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the Collateral
Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Agent and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest
or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in the Collateral Account. Moneys in the Collateral Account shall be applied by the Agent to reimburse the L/C Issuer for L/C Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with
related fees, costs, and customary processing charges, and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the L/C Obligations at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has
been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with L/C Obligations representing more than 50% of the total L/C Obligations), be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. If the Borrower is required to
provide an amount of Cash Collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of
Default have been cured or waived. 

34 

(r) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of
Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, an L/C Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse, indemnify and compensate the L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under
such Letter of Credit as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower. The Borrower irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the
obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of L/C Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrowers
business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such L/C Subsidiaries. 

(s) Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the
event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 

2.05 Swingline
Loans. 

(a) The Swingline. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender, in reliance upon the
agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.05, shall, subject to the terms of any Autoborrow Agreement, make loans to the Borrower (each such loan, a Swingline Loan). Each such Swingline Loan may be made,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in any Autoborrow Agreement then in effect, to the Borrower, in Dollars, from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time
outstanding the amount of the Swingline Sublimit; provided, however, that (i) after giving effect to any Swingline Loan, (A) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments at such time, (B) the aggregate
Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lenders participation in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans, shall not exceed such Lenders Commitment, and (C) the aggregate amount of all Swingline Loans
outstanding shall not exceed the Swingline Commitment of the Swingline Lender, (ii) the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swingline Loan to refinance any outstanding Swingline Loan, and (iii) the Swingline Lender shall not be
under any obligation to make any Swingline Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that it has, or by such Credit Extension may have, Fronting Exposure. Within the foregoing limits, and
subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.05, prepay under Section 2.06, and reborrow under this Section 2.05. Each Swingline Loan shall bear interest only at a rate
based on the SOFR Daily Floating Rate plus the Applicable Rate; provided, however, that if an Autoborrow Agreement is in effect, the Swingline Lender may, at its discretion, provide for an alternate rate of interest on Swingline Loans under
the Autoborrow Agreement with respect to any Swingline Loans for which the Swingline Lender has not requested that the Lenders fund Committed Loans to refinance, or to purchase and fund risk participations in, such Swingline Loans pursuant to
Section 2.05(c). Immediately upon the making of a Swingline Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swingline Lender a risk participation in such Swingline Loan in an
amount equal to the product of such Lenders Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swingline Loan. 

(b) Borrowing
Procedures. 

(i) Other than a Swingline Loan Borrowing made pursuant to an Autoborrow Agreement, each Swingline
Borrowing shall be made upon the Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Swingline Lender and the Agent, which may be given by: (x) telephone or (y) a Swingline Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed
immediately by delivery to the Swingline Lender and the Agent of a Swingline Loan Notice. Each such Swingline Loan Notice must be received by the Swingline Lender and the Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall
specify (A) the amount to be borrowed, which (except in the case of a Swingline Loan Borrowing made pursuant to an Autoborrow Agreement, for which no such minimum amount shall apply) shall be a minimum of $50,000, and (B) the requested
date of the Borrowing (which shall 

35 

be a Business Day). Promptly after receipt by the Swingline Lender of any Swingline Loan Notice, the Swingline Lender will confirm with the Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Agent has
also received such Swingline Loan Notice and, if not, the Swingline Lender will notify the Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swingline Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Agent
(including at the request of any Lender) prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swingline Borrowing (1) directing the Swingline Lender not to make such Swingline Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the
second sentence of Section 2.05(a), or (2) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swingline Lender will, not later
than 3:00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swingline Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swingline Loan available to the Borrower at its office by crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of the Swingline Lender in immediately
available funds. 

(ii) In order to facilitate the borrowing of Swingline Loans, the Borrower and the Swingline Lender may
mutually agree to, and are hereby authorized to, enter into an Autoborrow Agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and the Swingline Lender (the Autoborrow Agreement) providing for the automatic advance by the
Swingline Lender of Swingline Loans under the conditions set forth in such agreement, which shall be in addition to the conditions set forth herein. At any time an Autoborrow Agreement is in effect, the requirements for Swingline Borrowings set
forth in the immediately preceding paragraph shall not apply, and all Swingline Borrowings shall be made in accordance with the Autoborrow Agreement; provided that any automatic advance made by Bank of America in reliance of the Autoborrow Agreement
shall be deemed a Swingline Loan as of the time such automatic advance is made notwithstanding any provision in the Autoborrow Agreement to the contrary. For purposes of determining the Total Outstandings at any time during which an Autoborrow
Agreement is in effect (other than for purposes of calculating Commitment Fees), the Outstanding Amount of all Swingline Loans shall be deemed to be the amount of the Swingline Sublimit. For purposes of any Swingline Borrowing pursuant to the
Autoborrow Agreement, all references to Bank of America in the Autoborrow Agreement shall be deemed to be a reference to Bank of America, in its capacity as Swingline Lender hereunder. 

(c) Refinancing of Swingline Loans. 

(i) The Swingline Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby
irrevocably authorizes the Swingline Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Lender make a Floating Rate Loan in an amount equal to such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding. Such request shall
be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the
principal amount of Floating Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The Swingline Lender shall furnish the Borrower with a copy of the applicable
Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to the Agent in immediately available funds
(and the Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swingline Loan) for the account of the Swingline Lender at the Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Loan Notice, whereupon,
subject to Section 2.05(c)(ii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Floating Rate Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swingline Lender. 

36 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, if for any
reason any Swingline Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Committed Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05(c)(i) (including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 4.02), the request
for Floating Rate Loans submitted by the Swingline Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swingline Lender that each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swingline Loan and each Lenders payment
to the Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 

(iii) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender any amount
required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.05(c) by the time specified in Section 2.05(c)(i), the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through
the Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swingline Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal
Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Swingline Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swingline Lender in connection with the
foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Committed Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swingline
Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swingline Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (c)(iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(iv) Each Lenders obligation to make Committed Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swingline Loans
pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the
Swingline Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided,
however, that each Lenders obligation to make Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice). No such
funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swingline Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 

(d) Repayment of Participations. 

(i) At any time after any Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swingline Loan, if the Swingline Lender
receives any payment on account of such Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Swingline Lender. 

37 

(ii) If any payment received by the Swingline Lender in respect of principal
or interest on any Swingline Loan is required to be returned by the Swingline Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swingline Lender in its discretion),
each Lender shall pay to the Swingline Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate. The
Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swingline Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 

(e) Interest for Account of Swingline Lender. The Swingline Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the
Swingline Loans. Until each Lender funds its Floating Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.05 to refinance such Lenders Applicable Percentage of any Swingline Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage
shall be solely for the account of the Swingline Lender. 

(f) Payments Directly to Swingline Lender. The Borrower shall make all
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swingline Loans directly to the Swingline Lender. 

2.06 Prepayments. 

(a) (i) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Agent pursuant to delivery to the Agent of a Notice of Loan Prepayment, at any time or from
time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty, subject to Section 3.05; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (A) two Business Days
prior to any date of prepayment of Term SOFR Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Term SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of $2,000,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof;
and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans or Floating Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $100,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding.
Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Term SOFR Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt
of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and
payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of any Term SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Subject to
Section 2.17, each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 

(ii) At any time the Autoborrow Agreement is not in effect, the Borrower may, upon notice to the Swingline Lender pursuant to delivery to the
Swingline Lender of a Notice of Loan Prepayment (with a copy to the Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swingline Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that, unless otherwise agreed by the
Swingline Lender, (A) such notice must be received by the Swingline Lender and the Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (B) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of $50,000 (or, if less,
the entire principal thereof then outstanding). Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice
shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. 

38 

(b) (i) If for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate
Commitments then in effect, Borrower shall immediately prepay Committed Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess (provided, however, that Borrower shall not be required to Cash
Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.06(c) unless after the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect), and (ii) if for any reason the aggregate
principal amount of Swingline Loans outstanding exceeds the Swingline Sublimit, Borrower shall immediately prepay the Swingline Loans in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. 

2.07 Termination or Reduction of Commitments. Borrower may, upon notice to Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments and each Loan
Document or the L/C Sublimit or the Swingline Sublimit, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments, the L/C Sublimit or the Swingline Sublimit; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by Agent not later
than 11:00 a.m. five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) (A) Borrower
shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (B) Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the
Swingline Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of Swingline Loans would exceed the Swingline Sublimit, and (C) Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the L/C Sublimit if,
after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder would exceed the L/C Sublimit, and (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments, the L/C Sublimit or
the Swingline Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, such L/C Sublimit or Swingline Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or
reduction of the Aggregate Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the
Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 

2.08 Repayment of Loans.

(a) Borrower shall repay to Lenders on the Scheduled Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of Committed Loans outstanding on such
date. 

(b) Swingline Loans. At any time the Autoborrow Agreement is in effect, the Swingline Loans shall be repaid in accordance
with the terms of the Autoborrow Agreement. At any time the Autoborrow Agreement is not in effect, the Borrower shall repay each Swingline Loan on the earlier to occur of (i) the date ten (10) Business Days after such Committed Loan is
made and (ii) the Maturity Date. 

2.09 Fees. 

(a) Commitment Fee. The Borrower shall pay to Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a
commitment fee equal to the Commitment Fee Rate times the actual daily amount by which the Aggregate Commitments exceed the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Committed Loans and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations. For
the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Amount of Swingline Loans shall not be counted towards or considered usage of the Aggregate Commitments for the purposes of determining the commitment fee. The commitment fee shall accrue at all times during
the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall accrue in arrears and be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June,
September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date and on the last day of the Availability Period. 

39 

(b) Agents Fees. Borrower shall pay to Agent for Agents own account, the
fees described in the Agent Fee Letter in the amounts and at the times specified therein. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall be nonrefundable for any reason whatsoever. 

(c) Fees to Lenders. The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts
and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 

2.10
Computation of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to Term SOFR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days
elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest
shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it
is made shall, subject to Section 2.13(a), bear interest for one day. Each determination by Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

2.11 Evidence of Debt. 

(a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by Agent in
the ordinary course of business. The Agent shall maintain the Register in accordance with Section 10.06(c). The accounts or records maintained by Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit
Extensions made by Lenders to Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect
to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register, the Register shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through Agent, Borrower
shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lenders Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of
its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 

(b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a), each
Lender and the Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans. In the event of any conflict between the
accounts and records maintained by the Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 

2.12 Payments Generally; Agents Clawback. 

(a) General. All payments to be made by Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any
counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by Borrower hereunder shall be made to Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Agents
Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 12:00 noon on the date specified herein. Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in
like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lenders Lending Office. All payments received by Agent after 12:00 noon shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.
If any payment to be made by Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 

40 

(b) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Agent. Unless Agent shall have
received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Committed Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans (or in the case of any Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Floating Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such
Lender will not make available to Agent such Lenders share of such Committed Borrowing, Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of Base Rate
Loans or Floating Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower a corresponding amount. In
such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to Agent, then the applicable Lender and Borrower severally agree to pay to Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately
available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of
the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by Agent in connection with the foregoing and
(B) in the case of a payment to be made by Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to Agent for the same or an overlapping period, Agent shall promptly remit to Borrower the
amount of such interest paid by Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Committed Loan included in such Committed Borrowing.
Any payment by Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to Agent. 

(ii) Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Agent. Unless Agent shall have received notice from Borrower prior to the
date on which any payment is due to Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that Borrower will not make such payment, Agent may assume that Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in
reliance upon such assumption, distribute to Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. With respect to any prepayment the Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder to which the Agent determines
(which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount): (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, (2) the Agent
has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally
agrees to repay to Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to
but excluding the date of payment to Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A notice of Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any
amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions
Precedent. If any Lender makes available to Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to Borrower by Agent because the conditions
to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 

41 

(d) Obligations of Lenders Several. The obligations of Lenders hereunder to make
Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans and to make payments under Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation,
or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender
to so make its Committed Loan, to purchase its participation, or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c). 

(e) Funding
Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any
particular place or manner. 

(f)
Insufficient Funds. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, L/C Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, toward
payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, toward payment of principal and L/C Disbursements then
due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and L/C Disbursements then due to such parties.

2.13 Sharing of Payments. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect
of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations held by it resulting in such Lenders receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Committed Loans or
participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value)
participations in the Committed Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders
ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that: 

(i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is
recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 

(ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by Borrower pursuant to and in
accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swingline
Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 

Each
Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and
counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 

42 

2.14 Defaulting Lenders.

(a) Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then,
until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 

(i)
Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and
Section 10.01. 

(ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other
amounts received by Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be
applied at such time or times as may be determined by Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such
Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.04(q); fourth,
as Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by Agent;
fifth, if so determined by Agent and Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (A) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement
and (B) Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.04(q); sixth,
to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender
as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction obtained by Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise as may be required
under the Loan Documents in connection with any Lien conferred thereunder or directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (1) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Obligations in respect
of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (2) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived,
such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until
such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.14(a)(v). Any payments,
prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.14(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and
redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

43 

(iii) Certain Fees. 

(A) Fees. No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) for any
period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 

(B) L/C Fees. Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive L/C Fees for any period during which that Lender is a
Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.04(q). 

(C) Defaulting Lender Fees. With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender
pursuant to clause (B) above, Borrower shall (1) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lenders participation in L/C Obligations or
Swingline Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (2) pay to the L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting
Lender to the extent allocable to the L/C Issuers, or the Swingline Lenders (as applicable) Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (3) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 

(iv) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting
Lenders participation in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lenders
Commitment) but only to the extent that (A) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless Borrower shall have otherwise notified Agent at such time, Borrower shall be deemed to
have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time), and (B) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Total Outstandings of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lenders Commitment. No
reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of
such Non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation. 

(v) Cash Collateral and Repayment of
Swingline Loans. If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, (A) first,
prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lenders Fronting Exposure, and (B) second, Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in
Section 2.14(c). 

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure. If Borrower, Agent, the Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer agree in
writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect
to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded
participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.14(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to

44 

be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting
Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising
from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. 

(c) Cash Collateral. 

(i) Obligation to Cash Collateralize. At any time there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one Business Day
following the written request of the Agent or the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Agent), the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to
Section 2.14(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. 

(ii) Grant of Security Interest. The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting
Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Agent, for the benefit of the Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances
therein, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.14(c)(iii). If at any time the Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any
right or claim of any Person other than the Agent or the L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Agent, pay or provide
to the Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to Section 2.14(a)(v), after giving effect to Section 2.14(a)(v) and
any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Borrower
shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 

(iii) Application. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under
any of this Section 2.14 or Sections 2.04, 2.06, or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein
(including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Lender that is a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may
be provided for herein. 

(iv) Release. Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce
Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of
the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi))) or (ii) the determination by the Agent and the L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided, that
(A) any such release shall be without prejudice to, and any disbursement or other transfer of Cash Collateral shall be and remain subject to, any other Lien conferred under the Loan Documents and the other applicable provisions of the Loan
Documents, and (B) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 

45 

(d) New Swingline Loans/Letters of Credit. So long as any Lender is a
Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swingline Loan and (ii) the L/C Issuer shall not be
required to issue, extend, increase, reinstate or renew any letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto.. 

2.15 Increase in Revolving Facility. 

(a) Request for Increase. Provided there exists no Event of Default, upon notice to Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders),
Borrower may from time to time request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments (each such increase, a Commitment Increase); provided that (i) each such request for a Commitment Increase shall be in a minimum amount of
$10,000,000 and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Commitment Increases shall not exceed $75,000,000 from and after the ClosingSecond Amendment Effective Date. At the time of sending any such notice,
Borrower (in consultation with Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten (10) Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders).

(b) Lender Elections to Increase. Each Lender shall notify Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to
increase its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its
Commitment. 

(c) Notification by Agent; Additional Lenders. Agent shall notify Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders
responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase, and subject to the approval of Agent and the L/C Issuer, Borrower may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder
agreement (New Lenders) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and its counsel. 

(d) Effective Date
and Allocations. If the Aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, Agent and Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Commitment Increase Effective Date) and the final allocation of such
increase. Agent shall promptly notify Borrower, the Lenders and the New Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Commitment Increase Effective Date. 

(e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Commitment Increase. As a condition precedent to any Commitment Increase, Borrower shall deliver to
Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Commitment Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such
Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (ii) in the case of Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan
Documents are true and correct in all material respects (unless qualified as to materiality, in which case, such representations and warranties are true and correct) on and as of the Commitment Increase Effective Date, and except (1) to the
extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be so true and correct as of such earlier date and (2) for purposes of this Section, the representations and warranties contained in
subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01, and (B) both before and after giving
effect to such Commitment Increase, no Default exists. Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered any other customary documents, including, without limitation, legal opinions) as reasonably requested by Agent in connection with any Commitment
Increase. Borrower shall prepay any Loans outstanding on the Commitment Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Loans ratable with any
revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section. 

46 

(f) Conflicting Provisions. This Section shall supersede any provisions in
Section 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary. 

2.16 Extension Option. 

(a) At any time (but in any event, not less than sixty (60) days prior to the Scheduled Termination Date), the Borrower may, by notice to
the Lenders, request that the Lenders extend the Scheduled Termination Date for one (1) additional year; provided, that, the Borrower may make not more than two
(2) such requests from and after the ClosingSecond Amendment
Effective Date. Each Lender shall, by notice to the Borrower and the Agent not later than the thirtieth (30th) day following the date of
any such request from the Borrower, advise the Borrower whether or not it agrees to extend the Scheduled Termination Date as requested. Each decision by a Lender shall be in the sole discretion of such Lender, and any Lender that has not so advised
the Agent by the thirtieth (30th) day following the date of such request from the Borrower shall be deemed to have declined to agree to such extension. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges
and agrees that no Lender shall be obligated to extend the Scheduled Termination Date pursuant to the terms of this section. Any Lender who fails to agree to the extension request of the Borrower, as set forth herein, shall be referred to, for
purposes of this section, as a Non-Extending Lender. 

(b) If Lenders holding Commitments representing at least
fifty (50%) of the Aggregate Commitments agree to any such request for extension of the Scheduled Termination Date (collectively, the Approving Lenders), then the Borrower may extend the Scheduled Termination Date for an
additional year solely as to the Approving Lenders with Aggregate Commitments equal to the aggregate Commitments of the Approving Lenders during such extension period provided that it is understood and agreed that the Scheduled Termination
Date relating to the Non-Extending Lenders shall remain unchanged and the repayment of all obligations owed to them and the termination of their Commitments shall occur on the then existing Scheduled Termination Date without giving effect to such
extension. If Non-Extending Lenders hold Commitments representing more than fifty (50%) of the Aggregate Commitments, then the Borrower shall withdraw its extension request and the Scheduled Termination Date will remain unchanged. If Lenders
holding Commitments representing at least fifty (50%) of the Aggregate Commitments are Approving Lenders with respect to any request for extension made in accordance with this Section 2.16, the Borrower may replace any Non-Extending
Lender in accordance with Section 10.13. 

ARTICLE III 

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 

3.01 Taxes. 

(a)
Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes. 

(i) Any and all payments by Borrower
to or on account of any obligation of Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall to the extent permitted by applicable Law be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any
applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by Agent or Borrower, then the Agent or the Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding,
upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below or as otherwise required by applicable Laws. 

47 

(ii) If Borrower or Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or
deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by Agent to be required based upon the information and
documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below or as otherwise required by applicable Laws, (B) Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code,
and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions
(including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 

(iii) If Borrower or Agent shall be required by any applicable Law other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any
payment, then (A) such Loan Party or Agent, as required by such Law, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection
(e) below or as otherwise required by applicable Laws, (B) such Loan Party or Agent, to the extent required by such Law, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such
Law, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all
required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made.

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by Borrower. Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) or (b) above, Borrower shall
timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of Agent timely reimburse Agent for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(c) Tax Indemnifications. 

(i) Borrower shall, and does hereby, indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten
(10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to
be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the
relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of any such payment or liability delivered to Borrower by a Lender or the L/C Issuer (with a copy to Agent), or by Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer,
shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Borrower shall also, and does hereby, indemnify Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or the L/C Issuer for any
reason fails to pay to Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. 

48 

(ii) Each Lender and the L/C Issuer shall, and does hereby, severally
indemnify and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, (A) Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer (but only to the extent that Borrower has not already
indemnified Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of Borrower to do so), (B) Agent and Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of
Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (C) Agent and Borrower, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by
Agent or Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A
certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer hereby authorizes Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing
to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to Agent under this clause (ii). 

(d) Evidence of Payments. Upon request by Borrower or Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by Borrower or Agent to a
Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01, Borrower shall deliver to Agent (or Agent shall deliver to Borrower, as the case may be) the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority
evidencing such payment, a copy of any return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Borrower or Agent, as the case may be. 

(e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation. 

(i) Any Lender or L/C Issuer that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments
made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower and Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as will permit such
payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender or L/C Issuer, if reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably
requested by Borrower or Agent as will enable Borrower or Agent to determine whether or not such Lender or L/C Issuer is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding
two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders or
L/C Issuers reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender or L/C Issuer. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that Borrower is a U.S. Person, 

(A) any Lender or L/C Issuer that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower and Agent on or prior to the date on which such
Lender or L/C Issuer becomes a Lender or L/C Issuer under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender or L/C Issuer is exempt from
U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

49 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so,
deliver to Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender or L/C Issuer under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the
reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(I) in the case of a Foreign Lender
claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable)
establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(II) executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, 

(III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c)
of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of
Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed
copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or 

(IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial
owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-2 or Exhibit M-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other
certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign
Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and Agent (in such number of
copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender or L/C Issuer under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Agent), executed
copies (or originals, as required) of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may
be prescribed by applicable Law to permit Borrower or Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender or L/C Issuer under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax
imposed by FATCA if such Lender or L/C Issuer were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such

50 

Lender or L/C Issuer shall deliver to Borrower and Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent such documentation prescribed
by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Agent as may be necessary for Borrower and Agent to comply with their obligations under
FATCA and to determine that such Lender or L/C Issuer has complied with such Lenders or L/C Issuers obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D),
FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

(iii) Each Lender and L/C
Issuer agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and
Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable Law, at no time
shall Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such
Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by Borrower or with respect to which Borrower
has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section, it shall pay to Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by Borrower under this Section with respect to the Taxes
giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund),
provided that Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the
Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to such Loan Party pursuant to this
subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or
otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information
relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to Borrower or any other Person. 

(g) Survival. Each partys obligations
under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or
discharge of all other Obligations. 

(h) Applicable Law. For purposes of this Section 3.01, references to applicable
Law shall include FATCA. 

3.02 Illegality. If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any
Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based
upon SOFR or Term SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term SOFR Loans, or to convert Base Rate Loans or Floating Rate Loans to Term SOFR
Loans, or to make Floating Rate Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making 

51 

or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall,
if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such
determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term SOFR Loans (or, as applicable, Floating Rate Loans) of such
Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of
the Interest Period therefor (in the case of Term SOFR Loans), if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loan to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loan and
(ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon SOFR, the Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term
SOFR component thereof until the Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay
accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. 

3.03 Inability to Determine Rates. 

(a) If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan, a conversion of Base Rate Loans or Floating Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans or a
continuation of any of such Loans, or a request for a Floating Rate Loan, as applicable, (i) the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate has been determined in accordance
with Section 3.03(b), and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.03(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Term
SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan or Floating Rate Loan, or for determining the SOFR Daily Floating Rate for any proposed Floating Rate Loan,
or (ii) the Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period, or the SOFR Daily Floating Rate (as applicable) with respect to a proposed Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the
cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans, to convert Base Rate Loans or Floating Rate Loans to
Term SOFR Loans, or to make or maintain Floating Rate Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods or the affected Floating Rate Loans), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the
preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required
Lenders described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.03(a), until the Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Committed
Borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods) or Floating Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Floating Rate Loans) or, failing that, will be deemed to
have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at the end of their
respective applicable Interest Period. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the
Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as
applicable) have determined, that: 

52 

(i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and
six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(ii) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Agent or such
administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR
Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no
successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the
Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date); 

then, on
a date and time determined by the Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and,
solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for
interest calculated that can be determined by the Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Successor Rate). 

If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the
Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Agent and the
Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 3.03 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period
for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for
such alternative benchmark. and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated
and agented in the United States for such benchmark, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be
periodically updated. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Agent shall
have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 

The Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 

53 

Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice;
provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Agent. 

Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero%, the Successor
Rate will be deemed to be zero% for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

In connection with the implementation of
a Successor Rate, the Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become
effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower
and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

3.04 Increased Costs. 

(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement
against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or the L/C Issuer; 

(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses
(b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital
attributable thereto; or 

(iii) impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer any other condition, cost or expense affecting this
Agreement or Term SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to
increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or
maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal,
interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the
case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(b) Capital Requirements. If any Lender or the L/C Issuer
determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of
reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or the L/C Issuers capital or on the capital of such Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the
Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lenders or the L/C
Issuers holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or the L/C Issuers policies and the policies of such Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding company with respect
to capital adequacy), then from time to time Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lenders or the L/C Issuers
holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

54 

(c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or the L/C Issuer
setting forth the amount or amounts (and also setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for the calculation thereof) necessary to compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection
(a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Borrower shall pay such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after
receipt thereof. 

(d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand compensation
pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or the L/C Issuers right to demand such compensation, provided that Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the
L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six months prior to the date that such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies Borrower of the Change in
Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or the L/C Issuers intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive,
then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

3.05 Compensation
for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to Agent) from time to time, Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 

(a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the
Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 

(b) any failure by
Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by Borrower; or 

(c) any assignment of a Term SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the
Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13; 

including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or
reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the
foregoing. 

3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a) If any Lender or the L/C Issuer requests compensation under Section 3.04, or Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes
or additional amounts to any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or the L/C Issuer, pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then, at
the request of Borrower, such Lender or the L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or issuing Letters of Credit (as applicable) or to assign its
rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or the L/C 

55 

Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the
need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous
to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or the L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) If any Lender or the L/C Issuer requests compensation under Section 3.04, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes
or additional amounts to any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender or the L/C Issuer has declined or is unable to designate a
different lending (or, in the case of the L/C Issuer, issuing) office in accordance with Section 3.06(a), the Borrower may replace such Lender or the L/C Issuer in accordance with Section 10.13. 

3.07 Survival. All of Borrowers obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments,
and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, resignation of Agent and the Scheduled Termination Date. 

ARTICLE IV 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 

4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension. The obligation of the L/C Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension
hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Agents receipt of the following, each of which
shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated as of the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of
governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to Agent and each of the Lenders: 

(i) executed counterparts of this Agreement signed on behalf of each party to this Agreement; 

(ii) a Note executed by Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note; 

(iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible
Officers of Borrower as Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to
which Borrower is a party; 

(iv) a certificate of Borrower, dated the Closing Date and executed by a Responsible Officer of
Borrower, which shall (A) certify as to resolutions of its board of directors, authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of each officer authorized to
sign the Loan Documents, and (C) contain appropriate attachments, including the certificate or articles of incorporation Borrower certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of Borrower and a true and correct copy of
its by-laws; 

56 

(v) such documents and certifications as Agent may reasonably require to
evidence that Borrower is duly organized or formed, and that Borrower is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business
requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(vi) a favorable opinion of counsel (or favorable opinions of more than one counsel) to the Loan Parties acceptable to Agent
addressed to Agent and each Lender, as to the matters set forth concerning Borrower and the Loan Documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent; 

(vii) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower either (A) attaching copies of all material consents, licenses
and approvals of third parties, if any, required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by Borrower and the validity against Borrower of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall
be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required; 

(viii) a
certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied, (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the
Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; (C) all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Loan Documents has been obtained
and is in effect, and (D) as to the current Corporate Credit Rating in effect as of the Closing Date; 

(ix) a certificate
signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower attesting to the Solvency of Borrower both before and after giving effect to any Borrowing, or the issuance of any Letters of Credit, in each case, on the Closing Date; 

(x) evidence that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Loan Documents has been obtained and is in effect;

(xi) evidence that all Indebtedness and all Liens (other than Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.02 and
Liens permitted under Section 7.01) have been, or concurrently with the Closing Date will be, paid in full, discharged, and released; and 

(xii) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as Agent or the Required Lenders reasonably may
require. 

(b) Without duplication of amounts described in clause (c) below, any fees required to be paid on or before the Closing Date
shall have been paid. 

(c) Unless waived by Agent, Borrower shall have paid all reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to
Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by Agent) to the extent invoiced, prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges
and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between Borrower and Agent). 

57 

(d) KYC Information.

(i) Upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, Borrower shall have
provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations,
including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date.

(ii) At
least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, if Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, Borrower shall have delivered to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership
Certification in relation to Borrower. 

(e) Agent shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to it, such other assurances,
certificates, documents or consents related to the foregoing as Agent or the Required Lenders reasonably may require. 

Without limiting the generality of
the provisions of the last sentence of Section 9.03(d), for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented
to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the
proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 

4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender to
honor any Request for Credit Extension is subject to the following conditions precedent: 

(a) The representations and warranties of
Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material
respects (unless qualified as to materiality, in which case, such representations and warranties are true and correct) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer
to an earlier date, in which case they shall be so true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of
Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01. 

(b) No Event of Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 

(c) Agent and, if applicable, the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the
requirements hereof. 

Each Request for Credit Extension submitted by Borrower, and each Swingline Borrowing pursuant to an Autoborrow Agreement, shall be
deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 

58 

ARTICLE V 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Borrower represents and warrants to Agent and the Lenders that: 

5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof (a) is duly organized or formed, validly
existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to
(i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good
standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i), or (c), to the extent that
failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.02 Authorization; No Contravention. The
execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of
any of such Persons Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person
is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject;
or (c) violate any Law, except, in the case of each of clause (b) and (c) above, as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or
filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in each case,
other than information relating to such execution, delivery, performance or enforcement that Borrower is required to file or furnish under applicable United States Federal or state securities Laws. 

5.04 Binding Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and
delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is
party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, moratorium, insolvency, reorganization or other similar Law affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally and to the effect of general
principles of equity which may limit the availability of equitable remedies (whether in a proceeding at Law or in equity). 

5.05
Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. 

(a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for
the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein. 

59 

(b) Since December 31, 2021 (or, if Borrower shall have delivered the first audited
financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a), since the date of the most recent audited financial statements delivered by Borrower to Agent pursuant to Section 6.01(a)), there has been no event or circumstance,
either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.06
Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower after due and diligent investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental
Authority, by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) as of the Closing Date, purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions
contemplated hereby, or (b) except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.06, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.07 No Default. Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation
that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date, no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens. Each of Borrower and each Subsidiary has good
record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. The property of Borrower and its Subsidiaries is subject to no Liens, other than Liens permitted by Section 7.01. 

5.09 Environmental Compliance. Borrower and its Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of
existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof Borrower has reasonably concluded that,
except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.09, such Environmental Laws and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.10 Insurance. The properties of Borrower and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not
Affiliates of Borrower, in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance compatible with the following standards), with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and
owning similar properties in localities where Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary operates. 

5.11 Taxes. Borrower and its
Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their
properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (i) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or
(ii) where the failure to file or pay could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no proposed tax assessment against Borrower or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

60 

5.12 ERISA Compliance. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur
that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Plan is in compliance in all respects with the applicable
provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state Laws, except where the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of Borrower, threatened claims,
actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could be reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date, Borrower is not, and will not be using plan assets
(within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments. 

5.13 Subsidiaries. As of the ClosingSecond Amendment Effective Date, Borrower has no Subsidiaries other than
those specifically disclosed on Schedule 5.13, and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and, except as disclosed on Schedule 5.13, are owned by the
Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries in the amounts specified on Schedule 5.13 free and clear of all Liens, other than Liens permitted under Section 7.01. All of the outstanding Equity Interests in Borrower have been validly
issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. 

5.14 No Margin Stock; Investment Company Act. Borrower is not engaged and will
not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock.
None of Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower is, or is required to be registered as, an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

5.15 Disclosure. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information, in each case, furnished in writing by or on behalf of
any Loan Party to Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other
information so furnished), taken as a whole with all such information so furnished and all such information furnished in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, Borrower represents only that such information
was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. 

5.16 Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party
and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement
of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.17 Taxpayer Identification Number. Borrowers true and correct U.S. taxpayer identification
number is set forth on Schedule 10.02. 

5.18 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. Borrower and its Subsidiaries own, or
possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective
businesses, without conflict with the rights of any other Person, except to the extent that any such lack of ownership, lack of possession of right to use, or conflict could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

61 

5.19 Solvency. Borrower is Solvent.

5.20 Sanctions Concerns; Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(a) Neither Borrower, nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent,
affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFACs List of Specially Designated
Nationals, HMTs Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority, or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. On or prior to
February 28, 2023, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have, to the knowledge of each Responsible Officer, conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions. From and after March 1, 2023, the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their business in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures as approved by the Borrowers board of directors,
designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions. 

(b) On or prior to February 28, 2023, the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries have, to the knowledge of each Responsible Officer, conducted their business in compliance, in all material respects, with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar
anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. From and after March 1, 2023, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their business in compliance, in all material respects, with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of
1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures as approved by the Borrowers board of directors, designed to promote and achieve
compliance with such laws. 

5.21 Designated Senior Indebtedness. The Obligations constitute Designated Senior
Indebtedness or any similar designation (with respect to indebtedness that having the maximum rights as senior debt) under and as defined in any agreement governing any Indebtedness of Borrower that is contractually subordinated to
the Obligations and the subordination provisions set forth in each such agreement are legally valid and enforceable against the parties thereto. 

5.22 Labor Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.22, there are no collective bargaining agreements or Multiemployer Plans
covering the employees of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as of the
ClosingSecond
Amendment Effective Date and neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary has suffered any strikes, walkouts, work stoppages or other material labor difficulty within the last five (5) years preceding
the Closing Date. 

5.23 Amended and Restated Cash Pooling and Loan Agreement. The Amended and Restated Cash Pooling and Loan
Agreement is in full force and effect and, as of the Closing Date, has not been amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified since December 1, 2008 

5.24 EEA Financial Institutions. Borrower is not an EEA Financial Institution. 

5.25 Beneficial Ownership Certification. As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if
applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 

5.26 Covered Entities. The Borrower is not a Covered Entity. 

62 

ARTICLE VI 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Until the Obligations shall have been Paid in Full and the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated, Borrower shall, and shall
(except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.03, 6.07, 6.10, 6.11 and 6.12) cause each Subsidiary to: 

6.01 Financial Statements. Deliver to Agent a sufficient number of copies for delivery by Agent to each Lender, in form and detail
satisfactory to Agent and the Required Lenders: 

(a) as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal
year of Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal
year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report thereon from Deloitte & Touche LLP or other
independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing, which report shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP; provided that the delivery within the time period specified above of Borrowers Annual Report on Form
10-K (the Form 10-K) for such fiscal year (together with Borrowers annual report to shareholders, if any, prepared pursuant to Rule 14a-3 under the Exchange Act) filed with the SEC, shall be deemed to satisfy the
requirements of this Section 6.01(a); provided further, that Borrower shall be deemed to have made such delivery of such Form 10-K if it shall have timely made such Form 10-K available on EDGAR or on its home page on
the worldwide web (at the date of this Agreement located at, respectively, http://www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml and http://www.unitil.com) (such availability being referred to as Electronic Delivery); and 

(b) as soon as available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of
Borrower, an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of Borrowers
fiscal year then ended, and the related consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the portion of Borrowers fiscal year then ended, in each case setting forth in comparative form, as applicable the
figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller
of Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit
adjustments and the absence of footnotes provided that the delivery within the time period specified above of copies of Borrowers Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Form 10-Q) filed with the SEC, shall be deemed to
satisfy the requirements of this Section 6.01(b); provided further, that Borrower shall be deemed to have made such delivery of such Form 10-Q if it shall have timely made Electronic Delivery thereof. 

(c) as soon as available, but in any event within sixty (60) days after the end of each fiscal year of Borrower, forecasts prepared by
management of Borrower, in form satisfactory to Agent and the Required Lenders, of consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a quarterly basis for the immediately following fiscal year.

6.02 Certificates; Other Information. Deliver to Agent a sufficient number of copies for delivery by Agent to each Lender, in form
and detail satisfactory to Agent and the Required Lenders: 

63 

(a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections
6.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of Borrower; 

(b) [Reserved]; 

(c) promptly
after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of Borrower, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration
statements which Borrower may file or be required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be delivered to Agent pursuant hereto;
provided, that copies of any such documents may be delivered by Electronic Delivery; 

(d) [Reserved]; 

(e) [Reserved]; 

(f) promptly,
such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(c) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the
SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date delivered to the SEC. Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and
in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by Borrower with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 

Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) Agent and/ or an Affiliate thereof may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to Lenders materials and/or
information provided by or on behalf of Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar or another similar electronic transmission
system (the Platform) and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to Borrower or its Affiliates or the
respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made
available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials
PUBLIC, Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized Agent, any Affiliate thereof, Arranger, L/C Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to Borrower or its
securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities Laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07); (y) all Borrower
Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform that is designated Public Side Information; and (z) Agent and any Affiliate thereof and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat
any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all materials and/or information
delivered by Borrower via Electronic Delivery shall be deemed by all parties to be marked PUBLIC without the need to meet the requirement in (w) above. 

64 

6.03 Notices. Promptly notify Agent: 

(a) of the occurrence of any Default; 

(b) of any matter that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(c) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event; 

(d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(e) of any material amendment to the Amended and Restated Cash Pooling and Loan Agreement; and 

(f) of any announcement by Moodys or S&P of any change in Corporate Credit Rating or the placement by Moodys or S&P of the
Borrower on a CreditWatch or WatchList or any similar list, in each case, with negative implications, or the cessation by Moodys or S&P of, or its intent to cease, rating the Borrowers debt. 

Each notice pursuant to this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred
to therein and stating what action Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto; provided, that any notice required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.03(d) may be given by Electronic Delivery. Each notice pursuant to
Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 

6.04 Payment of Obligations. Except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its contractual obligations and liabilities, including (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless
the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; (b) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property; and (c) all Indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but
subject to any subordination provisions contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness. Borrower shall maintain in effect the Amended and Restated Cash Pooling and Loan Agreement and comply in all material respects with the
terms and conditions thereof; provided, that Borrower may amend the Amended and Restated Cash Pooling and Loan Agreement (i) in connection with a transaction permitted by Section 7.03 or (ii) to the extent that such amendment
would not be materially adverse to the Agent and the Lenders. 

6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and
maintain in full force and effect its (i) legal existence under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and (ii) good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except, in each case, (x) in a transaction
permitted by Section 7.03 and (y) solely with respect to any Subsidiary of Borrower, to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) take all reasonable action to
maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and
(c) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

65 

6.06 Maintenance of Properties. (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its
material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and obsolescence excepted and except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof, in each case in accordance with the standard of care typical in the industry and except where the failure to do so would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.07 Maintenance of Insurance. Borrower will maintain, for itself and each Material
Subsidiary, insurance with reputable insurance companies or associations in such amounts and covering such risks as are usually carried by companies engaged in the same or similar business and similarly situated. 

6.08 Compliance with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and
decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or
(b) the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.09 Books and
Records. (a) Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of
Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be; and (b) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over Borrower or such
Subsidiary, as the case may be. 

6.10 Inspection Rights. Permit representatives and independent contractors of Agent and each Lender
to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with their
directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at the expense of Borrower; provided, that any such investigation or inspection shall be conducted during normal business hours, upon reasonable advance notice to Borrower, under
the supervision of Borrowers personnel and in such a manner as not to interfere with the conduct of the business of Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided, further, that (i) when an Event of Default exists Agent or any Lender (or any
of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice; (ii) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing, there shall be no more than one visit and inspections by the Agent and the Lenders in any calendar year. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary of the Borrower
shall be required to disclose any information to Agent or any Lender if such disclosure would, in Borrowers reasonable discretion: (x) cause significant competitive harm to the business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary;
(y) jeopardize any attorney-client or other legal privilege; or (z) contravene any applicable Laws, fiduciary duty or binding agreement entered into in good faith by the Borrower or such Subsidiary. 

6.11 Use of Proceeds. Use, and cause its Subsidiaries to use, the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for working capital needs and
interim capital expenditure funding and other purposes so long as the use thereof shall not be in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document; provided, that in no event shall proceeds of the Credit Extensions be used to finance, or fund
any portion of the purchase price for, any Acquisition prohibited under Section 7.08. 

66 

6.12 Funded Debt to Capitalization Ratio. Maintain, as of the last day of each fiscal
quarter of Borrower, on a consolidated basis, a ratio of Funded Debt to Capitalization not exceeding 65%. 

6.13 Know Your Customer
Information. Promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and
regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

6.14 Anti-Corruption Laws;
Sanctions. At all times on or prior to February 28, 2023, Borrower and its Subsidiaries will conduct their business, to the knowledge of each Responsible Officer, in compliance in all material respects with (i) the United States
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and with (ii) all applicable Sanctions. At all times from and after March 1, 2023, the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries shall conduct their business in compliance in all material respects with (i) the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar applicable anti-corruption legislation in other
jurisdictions and with (ii) all applicable Sanctions and shall maintain such policies and procedures as shall have been approved by the Borrowers board of directors and designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and
Sanctions. 

ARTICLE VII 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Until
the Obligations shall have been Paid in Full and the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated, Borrower covenants and agrees that it shall not: 

7.01 Liens. 

(a) Create,
incur, assume or suffer to exist, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, assume or suffer to exist, except, in each case, in favor of Borrower or any Subsidiary, any Lien upon any of its properties or assets, real or
personal, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or of or upon any income or profits therefrom, without making effective provision, and Borrower covenants that in any such case it will make or cause to be made effective provision, whereby the
Obligations shall be secured by such Lien equally and ratably with any and all other Indebtedness to be secured thereby, so long as any such other Indebtedness shall be so secured. 

(b) Nothing in this Section shall be construed to prevent Borrower or a Subsidiary from creating, assuming or suffering to exist, and Borrower
and its Subsidiaries are hereby expressly permitted to create, assume or suffer to exist, without securing the Loans as hereinabove provided, Liens of the following character: 

(i) Liens existing on the
ClosingSecond
Amendment Effective Date and listed on Schedule 7.01; 

(ii) Liens securing Indebtedness issued (a) pursuant to the UES First Mortgage Bond Indenture or other Indebtedness of UES
which is not guaranteed by Borrower or any other Subsidiary of Borrower and so long as no such Lien encumbers any asset of Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower (other than UES), or Liens granted to secure the refinancing of Indebtedness related
thereto; and (b) to finance or refinance any of Borrowers or its Subsidiaries premises located in New Hampshire, Massachusetts or Maine or any property acquired in replacement thereof; 

67 

(iii) any purchase money mortgage or other Lien existing on any property of
Borrower or a Subsidiary at the time of acquisition, whether or not assumed, or created contemporaneously with the acquisition or construction of property, to secure or provide for the payment of the purchase or construction price of such property,
and any conditional sales agreement or other title retention agreement with respect to any property hereafter acquired; provided, however, that (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness secured by all such mortgages and
other Liens on a particular parcel of property shall not exceed 100% of the lesser of the total cost or fair market value at the time of the acquisition or construction of such property, including the improvements thereon (as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors of Borrower or the relevant Subsidiary), and (ii) the Indebtedness secured by all such mortgages and other Liens is permitted under Section 7.02; 

(iv) Liens in respect of any Capital Lease which is permitted pursuant to Section 7.02(f); 

(v) deposits, Liens or pledges to enable Borrower or a Subsidiary to exercise any privilege or license, or to secure payment of
workers compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions or other social security, or to secure the performance of bids, tenders, contracts or leases to which Borrower or a Subsidiary is a party, or to secure public or statutory
obligations of Borrower or a Subsidiary, or to secure surety, stay or appeal bonds to which Borrower or a Subsidiary is a party; or other similar deposits or pledges made in the ordinary course of business; 

(vi) mechanics, workmens, repairmens, materialmens or carriers liens or other similar Liens
arising in the ordinary course of business; or deposits or pledges to obtain the release of any such Liens; 

(vii) Liens
(i) securing judgments or awards for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h), (ii) arising out of judgments or awards which judgments or awards are discharged within ninety (90) days
after entry thereof (or such shorter period of time in which a judgment creditor may execute upon any such judgment or award); (iii) arising out of judgments or awards with respect to which Borrower or a Subsidiary shall in good faith be
prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review and in respect of which a stay of execution pending such appeal or proceeding for review shall have been secured; or (iv) Liens incurred by Borrower or a Subsidiary for the purpose of obtaining a
stay or discharge in the course of any legal proceeding to which Borrower or a Subsidiary is a party; 

(viii) Liens for
taxes (i) not yet due, (ii) not yet subject to penalties for non-payment, or (iii) which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; 

(ix) pledges, assignments and other security devices entered into in connection with the financing or refinancing of
customers conditional sales contracts; 

(x) Liens incurred in connection with the lease of conversion burners and
water heaters to customers which Liens only secure such conversion burners and water heaters; 

68 

(xi) Liens incurred in connection with agreements for the financing of gas,
and other fuel inventories which Liens only secure the assets constituting such gas and other fuel inventories; 

(xii)
Liens incurred in connection with contracts for the purchase and sale of gas and/or energy supply (including transportation or transmission charges) or Guarantees in respect of obligations under such contracts; 

(xiii) contractual rights of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in connection with funds contributed and borrowed under the Amended
and Restated Cash Pooling and Loan Agreement; 

(xiv) Liens on property acquired through the merger or consolidation of
another utility company with or into, or the purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of another utility company by, Borrower or a Subsidiary, provided that such Lien does not extend to other property of Borrower or a Subsidiary;

(xv) Liens arising out of security interests in, and pledges by, any Utility Subsidiarys rights and benefits under
contracts entered into in connection with participation by a Utility Subsidiary in the Hydro-Quebec Interconnection Support Agreements; 

(xvi) Liens incurred in connection with any nonrecourse financing secured by a Project Entity; 

(xvii) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations,
surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(xviii) minor survey exceptions, minor encumbrances, easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances
affecting real property, or zoning or other restrictions as to the use of real properties, in each case, which do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially impair their use in the operation
of the business of the applicable Person; 

(xix) Liens not permitted by the foregoing clauses (i) through
(xvii) securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any time; and 

(xx) Liens created for the purpose of refinancing, extending, renewing or replacing in whole or in part Indebtedness or other
obligations secured by any Lien referred to in the foregoing clauses, to the extent applicable; provided that the principal amount of Indebtedness or obligations secured thereby shall not exceed the principal amount of Indebtedness or obligations so
secured at the time of such refinancing, extension, renewal or replacement and the Lien securing the same shall be limited to all or a part of the assets that secured the Indebtedness or other obligations so refinanced, extended, renewal or
replacement (and any improvements relating thereto). 

(c) If at any time Borrower or a Subsidiary shall create or assume any Lien not
permitted by this Section to which the covenant set forth in Section 7.01(a) is applicable, Borrower will promptly deliver to Agent and each Lender: 

69 

(i) an Officers Certificate stating that the covenant of Borrower
contained in Section 7.01(a) has been complied with; and 

(ii) an Opinion of Counsel addressed to Agent and the
Lenders to the effect that such covenant has been complied with, and that any instruments executed by Borrower in the performance of such covenant comply with the requirements of such covenant. 

7.02 Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist or permit any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any
Indebtedness, except: 

(a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents; 

(b) Indebtedness outstanding on the date
hereofSecond Amendment Effective Date, in each
case listed on Schedule 7.02 and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; 

(c) Guarantees of Borrower or
any Subsidiary in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder of Borrower or any wholly-owned Subsidiary; 

(d) obligations
(contingent or otherwise) of any Subsidiary arising under any Excluded Swap Contract; 

(e) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of
Borrower or any Subsidiary existing or arising under any Swap Contract (other than any Excluded Swap Contract), provided that (i) such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the
purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of
speculation or taking a market view; and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting party from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party; 

(f) Indebtedness in respect of (i) purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets within the limitations set forth in
Section 7.01(b)(iii), (ii) Capital Leases and (iii) Synthetic Lease Obligations; provided, however, that the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness at any one time outstanding shall not exceed $25,000,000; 

(g) Indebtedness of Borrower not otherwise permitted under this Section 7.02, provided, that, (i) at the time of, and
after giving effect to, any such incurrence of Indebtedness, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (ii) after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, Borrower shall be in compliance, on a pro forma basis,
with the Funded Debt to Capitalization ratio covenant set forth in Section 6.12; and 

(h) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary not
otherwise permitted under this Section 7.02, provided, that after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, Borrower shall be in compliance, on a pro forma basis, with the Funded Debt to Capitalization ratio covenant
set forth in Section 6.12. 

7.03 Merger or Consolidation; Sale or Transfer of Assets. Borrower will not
(a) consolidate with or be a party to a merger with any other corporation or (b) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided, however, that Borrower may
consolidate or merge with any other corporation, or sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, if (i) the corporation which results from such consolidation or merger or the
corporation to which Borrower sells, leases or otherwise disposes of all or 

70 

substantially all of its and its Subsidiaries assets (in either case, the surviving corporation) is either Borrower (in the case of a merger or consolidation), or, if not, is
organized under the Laws of any State of the United States or the District of Columbia, (ii) in the event that the surviving corporation is not Borrower, the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are
expressly assumed in writing by the surviving corporation and the surviving corporation shall furnish Agent and the Lenders an opinion of counsel satisfactory to Agent and the Lenders to the effect that the instrument of assumption has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered and constitutes the legal, valid and binding contract and agreement of the surviving corporation enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement of such terms may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles, and (iii) at the time of such consolidation or merger or sale, lease or other disposition
of all or substantially all of Borrowers and its Subsidiaries assets, and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; provided, further, that, for avoidance of
doubt, (w) Borrower and its Subsidiaries may sell any Subsidiary which (A) is not an entity subject to regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or by a state public utilities commission or analogous body or (B) is not a
Material Subsidiary, and the limitations in this Section 7.03 shall not apply to any such sale or sales, (x) any Utility Subsidiary will be permitted to sell its generating assets and power purchase entitlements without the consent of
Agent or the Lenders, pursuant to any industry restructuring plan filed with and approved by a state utility regulatory agency (each such plan a Utility Subsidiary Restructuring Plan), (y) Unitil Realty Corp. will be
permitted to sell any real property, including, without limitation, the building located at 6 Liberty Lane West, Hampton, New Hampshire, and any building acquired in replacement thereof, and the limitations in this Section 7.03 shall not
apply to any such sale or sales and (z) any such sale, lease or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not be for less than fair market value. 

7.04 Change in Nature of Business. Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business
conducted by Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof or any business substantially related or incidental thereto, except in connection with a transaction permitted by Section 7.03. 

7.05 Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of Borrower, whether or not in the ordinary
course of business, other than (a) as described in the Company Reports, (b) in the ordinary course and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of Borrowers business and upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to Borrower as
would be obtainable in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate (except as may be necessary for Borrower to comply with requirements of any applicable state or federal Law and provided, however, that if it is not
possible to identify what terms would apply to a comparable arms length transaction with a non-Affiliate, such transaction shall be upon such terms as shall be fair and reasonable under the circumstances), and (c) transactions between
Borrower and any Guarantor. 

7.06 Burdensome Agreements. Except as set forth on Schedule 7.06, enter into any Contractual
Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that (a) limits the ability (i) of any Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments to Borrower or to otherwise transfer property to Borrower, in each case, in a manner that
impairs the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents in any material respect, (ii) of any Subsidiary to Guarantee the Indebtedness of Borrower or (iii) of Borrower or any Subsidiary to create, incur,
assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person; provided, however, that this clause (iii) shall not prohibit any negative pledge incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Sections 7.01
or 7.02 solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness; or (b) requires the grant of a Lien to secure such Contractual Obligation if a Lien is granted to secure
another obligation of the Borrower or the Subsidiary party to such Contractual Obligation; provided, that this Section 7.06 shall not apply to any Contractual Obligation a breach or default under which could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

71 

7.07 Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or
indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund
indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 

7.08 Acquisitions. Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Required Lenders, such consent not to be unreasonably delayed, withheld or conditioned, acquire any wholly-owned Subsidiary which is not an entity subject to regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or by a state public utilities
commission or analogous body if the aggregate consideration paid by Borrower in connection with any such Acquisition, when aggregated with all other consideration paid by Borrower in connection with Acquisitions described in this
Section 7.08 during the term of this Agreement would exceed $125,000,000. 

7.09 [Reserved.] 

7.10 Sanctions. Directly or indirectly, use any Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or
otherwise make available such Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension to any Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of
Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Agent, L/C Issuer, Swingline Lender, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

7.11 Anti-Corruption Laws. Directly or indirectly, use any Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose
which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 

ARTICLE VIII 

EVENTS OF
DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 

8.01 Events of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: 

(a) Non-Payment. Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal
of any Loan, or (ii) within five days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan, any fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 

(b) Specific Covenants. Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of
Section 6.03(a), 6.05(a)(i), 6.11, 6.12, 6.13, 6.14 or Article VII; or 

(c) Other
Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for
30 days or any Event of Default occurs under any other Loan Documents; or 

(d) Representations and Warranties. Any representation,
warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or
misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 

72 

(e) Cross-Default. (i) Borrower or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make any
payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate
principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other
agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to
permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such
Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such
Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof, in each case, in an amount more than the Threshold Amount; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting
from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which Borrower or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which
Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount provided, that this clause
(e) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness and further provided that, with respect to clause (ii) above, an Event of
Default shall not occur unless the applicable Person shall have failed to pay the Swap Termination Value within the time period provided in the related Swap Contract; or 

(f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding
under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any
material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for
60 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days,
or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 

(g) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) Borrower or any
Material Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any
material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 60 days after its issue or levy; or 

(h) Judgments. There is entered against Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) during any fiscal year, one or more final judgments for the
payment of money in any aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders during such fiscal year) exceeding $25,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third party insurance as to which the issuer has not disputed coverage with respect
to the related claim(s) thereunder), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case (A) enforcement
proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 60 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or 

73 

(i) ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or
Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment
payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan if such failure would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(j) Invalidity of Loan Documents. Any Loan Document or any provision thereof, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any
reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or Payment In Full of all the Obligations (and expiration or termination of the Commitments), ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party contests in any manner the
validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any provision thereof; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document or any
provision thereof; or 

(k) Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control with respect to Borrower other than arising from a
transaction permitted pursuant to Section 7.03. 

8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and
is continuing, Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 

(a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions be terminated,
whereupon such commitments shall be terminated; 

(b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and
unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by
Borrower; and 

(c) require that Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount
thereof); and 

(d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and
the L/C Issuer under the Loan Documents; 

provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with
respect to Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all
outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case
without further act of Agent or any Lender. 

8.03 Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in
Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any
amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by Agent in the following order: 

74 

First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities,
expenses and other amounts (including reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to Agent (including reasonable and documented fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of Agent) and amounts payable under
Article III) payable to Agent in its capacity as such; 

Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting
fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and L/C Fees) payable to Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuer and
amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; 

Third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid L/C Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C
Disbursements and other Obligations, ratably among Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; 

Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Disbursements and to the Agent
for the account of the L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of the L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit, ratably among Agent, Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts
described in this clause Fourth held by them; and 

Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been Paid In Full,
to Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 

Subject to Section 2.04(c), amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of
Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or
expired, such remaining amount shall be applied as set forth under paragraph Last immediately above. 

ARTICLE IX 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

9.01 Appointment and Authorization of Agent. Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act
on its behalf as Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers
as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and neither Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such
provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express)
obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 

9.02 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any
other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as Agent
hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial 

75 

advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial, advisory, underwriting or other business with Borrower or any Subsidiary or other
Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or to provide notice to or consent of the Lenders with respect thereto. 

9.03 Exculpatory Provisions. Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other
Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent and its Related Parties: 

(a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers
expressly contemplated, hereby or by the other Loan Documents that Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the
other Loan Documents), provided that Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for
the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and

(c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and
shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any. information relating to Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 

(d) Neither Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by Agent under or in connection with this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as Agent shall
believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 8.02 and 10.01) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
by final and nonappealable judgment. Any such action taken or failure to act pursuant to the foregoing shall be binding on all Lenders. Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice describing such
Default is given to Agent by Borrower, a Lender or the L/C Issuer. Neither Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be responsible for or have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any other Person to ascertain or inquire into
(i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection
herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or
genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly
required to be delivered to Agent. 

9.04 Reliance by Agent. Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall be fully protected in
relying and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, communication, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other
distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or 

76 

by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance
with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, Agent may presume that such condition is
satisfactory to such Lender or the L/C Issuer unless Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. Agent may consult with legal counsel
(who may be counsel for Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. For purposes of
determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required
thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objections. 

9.05 Delegation of Duties. Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other
Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by Agent. Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory
provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein
as well as activities as Agent. Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that Agent acted with
gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 

9.06 Resignation of Agent. 

(a) Notice. The Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Borrower. Upon receipt of
any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the
United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be
agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Agent meeting the qualifications set
forth above; provided that in no event shall any successor Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 

(b) Defaulting Lender. If the Person serving as Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition
thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Agent and, in consultation with the Borrower, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall
have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date), then such removal
shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 

(c) Effect of Resignation or
Removal. With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring or removed Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents
(except that in the case of any collateral 

77 

security held by the Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such
time as a successor Agent is appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Agent
shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Agent hereunder, such
successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to
the retiring or removed Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan
Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and
such successor. After the retiring or removed Agents resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article XI and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed
Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (A) while the retiring or removed Agent was acting as Agent and (B) after such resignation or removal for as
long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Agent.

(d) L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender. Any resignation or removal by Bank of America as Agent pursuant to this Section 9.06
shall also constitute its resignation as L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender. If Bank of America resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit
outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to
Section 2.04. If Bank of America resigns as Swingline Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swingline Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swingline Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation,
including the right to require the Lenders to make Floating Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(c). Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor L/C Issuer or Swingline
Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or
Swingline Lender, as applicable, (ii) the retiring L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as applicable, shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (iii) the successor
L/C Issuer (in the case of a resignation of the L/C Issuer) shall issue Letters of Credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to
effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 

9.07 Non-Reliance on Agent and Other
Lenders. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such
documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document
furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

78 

9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no Lender
holding a title listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as Agent, a Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder. 

9.09 Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial
proceeding relative to any Loan Party, Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether Agent shall have made any
demand on Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) to file and prove a claim for
the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of Lenders, the L/C Issuer and Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of Lenders, the L/C Issuer and Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due Lenders,
the L/C Issuer and Agent under Sections 2.04(i) and (j), 2.10 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each
Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to Agent and, in the event that Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to Lenders and the L/C Issuer, to pay to Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due Agent under Sections 2.10 and 10.04. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on
behalf of any Lender or the L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the L/C Issuer or to authorize Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or
the L/C Issuer in any such proceeding. 

9.10 Lender ERISA Representations. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Agent and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of
the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using
plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance
of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, or this Agreement, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one
or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE
90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain
transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

79 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a
Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and
perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the
requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders
entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Agent, in its sole discretion,
and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender
or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a
Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Agent and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and
not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Agent or the Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such
Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Agent under this
Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

9.11 Recovery of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation
of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a
Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in immediately available
funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate
determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise
claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining
that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 

80 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

10.01
Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required
Lenders (or by the Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the
specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 

(a) waive any condition set
forth in Section 4.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender; provided, however, in the sole discretion of Agent, only a waiver by Agent shall be required with respect to immaterial matters or items specified in
Section 4.01(a)(iii), (iv) or (v) with respect to which Borrower has given assurances satisfactory to Agent that such items shall be delivered promptly following the Closing Date; 

(b) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) without the
written consent of such Lender; 

(c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment (excluding
mandatory prepayments) of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

(d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or any L/C Disbursement or any fees or other amounts payable
hereunder or under any other Loan Document, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

(e) amend the definition
of Default Rate or waive any obligation of Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate or amend any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein) without the written consent of all Lenders; 

(f) change Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby
without the written consent of each Lender; or 

(g) change any provision of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders
or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; 

and, provided further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders
required above, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by
the Swingline Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement, (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Agent in addition to the
Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iv) the Autoborrow Agreement and any fee letters executed in connection therewith may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder
waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto, and (v) the Agent Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties 

81 

thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (A) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any
amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except (1) that the Commitment of any
Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender, and (2) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender, or all Lenders that by its terms affects any
Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; (D) each Lender is entitled to vote as such Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy reorganization plan that
affects the Loans, and each Lender acknowledges that the provisions of Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States supersedes the unanimous consent provisions set forth herein and (E) the Required Lenders shall determine
whether or not to allow a Loan Party to use cash collateral in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and such determination shall be binding on all of the Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) this
Agreement may be amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Borrower and the Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so
amended and restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated, such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued
for its account under this Agreement and (ii) if the Agent and the Borrower acting together identify any mistake, typographical error or other defect (including any obvious error or any error or omission of a technical nature) in any provision
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including the schedules and exhibits thereto), then the Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical
error or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 

If any
Lender does not consent to a proposed amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any Loan Document that requires the consent of each Lender and that has been approved by the Required Lenders, the Borrower may replace such Non-Consenting
Lender in accordance with Section 10.13; provided that such amendment, waiver, consent or release can be effected as a result of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together with all other such assignments required by the
Borrower to be made pursuant to this paragraph). 

10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications. 

(a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except
as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax transmission
or e-mail transmission as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted, hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 

(i) if to Borrower, the L/C Issuer or Agent, to the address, fax number, e-mail address or telephone number specified for such
Person on Schedule 10.02; and 

(ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, fax number, e-mail address or telephone
number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material
non-public information relating to Borrower). At the reasonable request of the Borrower for purposes of complying with this Section 10.02(a)(ii), the Agent shall provide Borrower with the address, fax number, e-mail address or telephone number
of any Lender, as specified in the Administrative Questionnaire. 

82 

Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or
registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by fax transmission or e-mail transmission shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours
for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection
(b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 

This Agreement was prepared by: Troutman Pepper Locke Lord LLP

111 Huntington Avenue

Boston, MA 02199

Attention: Christine Dreyer McCay, Esq.

Email: christine.mccay@lockelord.comChristine.Mccay@troutman.com

(b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Agent, the Lenders, the
Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FPML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to an electronic communications agreement (or such other procedures
approved by Agent), provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender, the Swingline Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender, the Swingline Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable has notified Agent that it
is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Agent, the Swingline Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by
electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless Agent otherwise prescribes, (A) notices and other communications sent to
an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail, or other written acknowledgement) and
(B) notices and other communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received by the intended recipient upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return
receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) indicating that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor, provided that, for both clauses
(A) and (B), if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email, or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for
the recipient. 

(c) The Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED
BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In
no event shall Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, 

83 

damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of Borrowers or Agents transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the
Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and
nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for
indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 

(d) Change of Address,
Etc. Each of the Borrower, the Agent, the Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may
change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Agent, the Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify Agent from time to time to
ensure that Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such
Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of
the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower
Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material nonpublic information with respect to Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or
state securities Laws. 

(e) Reliance by Agent: L/C Issuer and Lenders. Agent, the L/C Issuer and Lenders shall be entitled to rely
and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic notices, Committed Loan Notices, Notices of Loan Prepayment and Swingline Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a
manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. Borrower shall indemnify
Agent, the L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of Borrower. All telephonic
notices to and other telephonic communications with Agent may be recorded by Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 

10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies: Enforcement. No failure by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or Agent to exercise, and no delay by any
such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and
proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all Lenders and the L/C Issuer; provided, however, that the
foregoing shall not prohibit (a) Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L/C Issuer or the Swingline
Lender, as the case may be, from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its 

84 

capacity as L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with
Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under
any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to Agent
pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders,
enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 

10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a) Costs and Expenses. Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent and its Affiliates
(including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer
(including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any local counsel or of any counsel for Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout or restructuring;
provided, that for purposes of this clause (iii), the Lenders (but not Agent and the L/C Issuer) shall be limited to one counsel together for the Lenders as a group so long as any Lender has not, in good faith (based on advice of counsel for
such Lender) reasonably determined that its interests conflict sufficiently with those of the other Lenders to warrant the employment of separate counsel for such Lender, in which case, Borrower shall pay the reasonable fees, charges and
disbursements of such separate counsel. 

(b) Indemnification by Borrower. Borrower shall indemnify Agent (and any sub-agent
thereof), each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee) incurred
by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any
agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of Agent
(and any subagent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use
or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter
of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by Borrower or any other
Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, 

85 

CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from
the(i) with respect to Bank of America, BofA Securities Inc., and each of their affiliates and their
respective partners, officers, directors, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives (collectively, the BofA Group and each a member of the BofA Group), (A) from any member of the BofA
Groups gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, (y) result from a claim
brought by Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach of such Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if Borrower or such other Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in
its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (z) result from a
claim, or (B) from any member of the BofA Groups breach of its agreements hereunder or under
any Loan Documents or (ii) with respect each Lender, and its affiliates and respective partners, officers, directors, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives (collectively, such Lenders
Lender Group and each a member of such Lenders Lender Group), (A) from any member of such Lender Groups gross negligence or willful misconduct, or (B) from any member of such Lender Groups breach of its
agreements hereunder or under any Loan Documents, or (y) result from a claim not involving an act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and that is brought by an Indemnitee
against another Indemnitee (other than against the Agent in its capacity as such and other than claims with respect to a Letter of Credit brought by one Indemnitee against another Indemnitee acting in a different capacity or role with respect to
such Letter of Credit such as an issuing bank as opposed to an advising bank, confirming bank, negotiating bank or transferring bank). Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c), this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply
with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 

(c)
Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer, the
Swingline Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lenders Applicable
Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the
case may be, was incurred by or asserted against Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Agent (or any such sub-agent), the
Swingline Lender or the L/C Issuer in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d). 

(d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, Borrower shall not assert, and hereby
waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other
Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, no Indemnitee
referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications,
electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

86 

(e) Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten
Business Days after demand therefor. 

(f) Survival. The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Agent, the
Swingline Lender or the L/C Issuer, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 

10.05 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of Borrower is made to Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or
Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant
to any settlement entered into by Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent
of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C
Issuer severally agrees to pay to Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per
annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the Payment In Full of the Obligations, expiration or termination of
the Commitments, and the termination of this Agreement. 

10.06 Successors and Assigns. 

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Agent, the
L/C Issuer and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of
participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted
assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted
hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim
under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or
a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this subsection (b), participations in L/C Obligations and in Swingline
Loans) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(i) Minimum Amounts

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment and the Loans at the
time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an
Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 

87 

(B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the
aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment,
determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless
each of Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); 

(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the
assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (b)(ii) shall not apply to the Swingline Lenders rights and obligations in respect of Swingline
Loans; 

(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by
subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: 

(A) the consent of Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that
the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object by written notice to the Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; 

(B) the consent of Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to
a Person that is not a Lender, or an Affiliate of such Lender; and 

(C) the consent of the L/C Issuer and the Swingline
Lender (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding)
or under any Swingline Loan. 

(iv) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and
deliver to Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500.00; provided, however, that Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of
any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

(v) No
Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made (A) to Borrower or any of Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender
hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), or (C) to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person). 

88 

(vi) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment
of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to
Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of
Borrower and Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (A) pay and satisfy in full all
payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (B) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters
of Credit and Swingline Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law
without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each
Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning
Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders
rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances
occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment); provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any
party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under
this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. 

(c) Register. Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall
maintain at Agents Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and
principal amounts of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and Borrower, Agent
and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for
inspection by Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(d)
Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower or Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated
for the primary benefit of a natural Person, a Defaulting Lender or Borrower or any of Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under
this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lenders participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swingline Loans) owing 

89 

to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto
for the performance of such obligations and (iii) Borrower, Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. For
the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participations. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation
shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such
Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section,
Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this
Section provided that the Participant has delivered to the Borrower the tax documentation required under Section 3.01(e)(ii). To the extent permitted by applicable Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of
Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at Borrowers request and
expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of
Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.14 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as
an agent of Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the
Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a
Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit
or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name
is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility for
maintaining a Participant Register. 

(e) Limitations upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any
greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made
with Borrowers prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 unless Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant
and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of Borrower, to comply with Section 3.01(e) as though it were a Lender. 

(f)
Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or
assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party
hereto. 

(g) [Reserved]. 

90 

(h) Resignation as L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender after Assignment. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its Commitment and Committed Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America may (i) upon 30 days notice to Borrower and the Lenders,
resign as L/C Issuer and/or (ii) upon 30 days notice to the Borrower, resign as Swingline Lender. In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among Lenders a successor
L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender hereunder acceptable to Borrower; provided, however, that no failure by Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America as L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may
be. If Bank of America resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and
all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Committed Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.04). If Bank of America resigns as Swingline Lender,
it shall retain all the rights of the Swingline Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swingline Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Floating Rate
Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(c). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/ or Swingline Lender, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of
the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the
time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 

10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. 

(a) Treatment of Certain Information. Each of Agent, Lenders and the L/C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the
Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, its auditors and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential
nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority, purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any
self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by Applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in
connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an
agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or any Eligible
Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.15 or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of
Borrower, (h) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the provider of any Platform or other electronic delivery
service used by Agent or L/C Issuer to deliver Borrower Materials or notices to Lenders, or (iii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance or monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with
respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, (y) becomes available to Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer
or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Borrower, or (z) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from the Borrower or violating the
terms of this Section 10.07. For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such
information that is available to Agent, any Lender, the Swingline Lender or the L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to 

91 

disclosure by Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided that, in the case of information received from Borrower or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the
time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care
to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. In addition, Agent and Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data
collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments. 

(b) Non Public Information. Each of Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that (a) the Information may include
material non-public information concerning Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public
information in accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and state securities Laws. 

(c) Press Releases. Borrower and its
Affiliates agree that they will not in the future issue any press releases or other public disclosure using the name of Agent or any Lender or their respective Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents without the prior
written consent of the Agent or such Lender, unless (and only to the extent that) Borrower or such Affiliate is required to do so under Law and then, in any event Borrower or such Affiliate will consult with such Person before issuing such press
release or other public disclosure. 

(d) Customary Advertising Material. Borrower consents to the publication by Agent or any Lender
of customary advertising material relating to the transactions contemplated hereby using the name, product photographs, logo or trademark of Borrower. 

10.08 Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates
is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held
and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the L/C Issuer, or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of Borrower against any and all of the obligations of Borrower now or hereafter existing under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, the L/C Issuer or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and
although such obligations of Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender or the L/C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness;
provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of
Section 2.16 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and (b) the Defaulting Lender shall
provide promptly to Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this
Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees to notify Borrower and Agent promptly after any
such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO REQUIRE THE BANK TO EXERCISE ITS RIGHTS OR REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER
COLLATERAL WHICH SECURES THE LOANS, PRIOR TO EXERCISING ITS RIGHT OF SETOFF WITH RESPECT TO SUCH DEPOSITS, CREDITS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF BORROWER OR ANY GUARANTOR, ARE HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVED. 

92 

10.09 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate). If Agent or any Lender shall receive
interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or
received by Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude
voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 

10.10 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with
respect to fees payable to the Agent or the L/C Issuer, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject
matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Agent and when the Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the
signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successor and assigns. 

10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or
other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by Agent and each Lender,
regardless of any investigation made by Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and
effect until the Payment In Full of the Obligations and expiration or termination of the Commitments. 

10.12 Severability. If any
provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be
affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the
illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this
Section, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by Agent, the Swingline Lender, or the L/C Issuer, as
applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 

10.13 Replacement of Lenders.
If the Borrower is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to Section 3.06, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, a Non-Consenting Lender or a Non-Extending Lender, then Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such
Lender and Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights (other than its
existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a
Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: 

93 

(a) Borrower shall have paid to Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in
Section 10.06(b); 

(b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to 100% of the outstanding principal of its
Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05) from the assignee (to the extent of such
outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 

(c) in the case of any such
assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 

(d) such assignment does not conflict with Applicable Laws; 

(e) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the
applicable amendment, waiver or consent; and 

(f) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Extending Lender, the
applicable assignee shall have agreed to become an Approving Lender. 

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or
delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 10.13 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment
and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Agent and the assignee and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be
bound by the terms thereof; provided, that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the
applicable Lender, provided further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.13 to the contrary, (A) the Lender that acts as L/C Issuer may not be replaced
hereunder at any time it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements satisfactory to such Lender (including the furnishing of a backstop standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer, reasonably
satisfactory to the L/C Issuer or the depositing of Cash Collateral into a Cash Collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the L/C Issuer) have been made with respect to such outstanding Letter of Credit
and (B) the Lender that acts as the Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.06. 

10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 

(a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN)
AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 

94 

AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY
AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE AGENT, ANY LENDER, THE L/C ISSUER, OR ANY
RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED
STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF
ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH
ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE
AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 

(c) WAIVER OF VENUE. BORROWER, AGENT, L/C ISSUER AND EACH LENDER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS
SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 

(d) SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION
10.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 

10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT
MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER
THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF 

95 

LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In
connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees and
acknowledges its Affiliates understanding that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates are arms-length commercial
transactions between Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and Agent, the Arranger, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this Section 10.16, the
Lenders), on the other hand, (B) each of Borrower and its Affiliates have consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they have deemed appropriate, and (C) Borrower and each other Loan
Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b) (i) the Agent, the Arranger and each Lender and each of their
respective Affiliates each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Borrower, any other
Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (ii) neither the Agent, the Arranger, nor any Lender nor any of their respective Affiliates has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their
respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (c) the Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may
be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Agent, the Arranger, nor any Lender nor any of their respective
Affiliates has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby waives and
releases any claims that it may have against the Agent, the Arranger, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transactions contemplated
hereby. 

10.17 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other
Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower and each of the Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender and each Lender
(collectively, each a Credit Party) agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any
Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original
signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the
avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an
electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Agent and each of the Credit Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged
Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record,
including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. 

96 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, none of the Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in
any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Agent, the L/C Issuer and/ or the Swingline Lender has agreed to accept
such Electronic Signature, the Agent and each of the Credit Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower and/or any Credit Party without further verification and (b) upon
the request of the Agent or any Credit Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall
have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time.

None of the Agent,
the L/C Issuer, or the Swingline Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or
document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Agents, the L/C Issuers or the Swingline Lenders reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The
Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic
message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether
or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 

The Borrower and each Credit Party hereby
waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement or such other Loan Document, and
(ii) any claim against the Agent, each Credit Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Agents and/or any Credit Partys reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as
a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 

10.18 USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and Agent (for itself and not on behalf of
any Lender) hereby notifies Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that
identifies Borrower, which information includes the name and address of Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or Agent, as applicable, to identify Borrower in accordance with the Act. Borrower shall, promptly following a request
by Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and
regulations, including the Act. 

10.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Solely to the extent
any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each
party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of
the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

97 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution
Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

10.20 Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support,
and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions
below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): In the event a Covered
Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any
interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would
be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the
event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit
Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were
governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the
rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

10.21 Continued Effectiveness; No Novation.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the terms of this Agreement are not intended to and do not serve to effect a novation of the obligations, liabilities or indebtedness of Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement. Instead, it is the
express intention of the parties hereto to reaffirm, amend and restate the obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of Borrower created under or otherwise evidenced by the Existing Credit Agreement. All loans outstanding under, the Existing Credit
Agreement as of the Closing Date shall automatically be deemed to constitute Committed Loans under this Agreement. The term Obligations used in this Agreement and in the other Loan Documents (or any other term used herein or therein to
describe or refer to the 

98 

obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of the Borrower) describes and refers to all obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of Borrower under this Agreement and under the Existing Credit
Agreement, as amended and restated hereby, as the same had been previously amended, modified, supplemented or restated prior to the date hereof and as the same may be further amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time. The Loan
Documents and all agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection with any of the foregoing shall each be deemed to be amended to the extent necessary to give effect to the provisions of this Agreement. Cross-references in
the Loan Documents to particular section or subsection numbers in the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be cross-references to the corresponding sections or subsections, as applicable, of this Agreement. 

10.22 Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents. 

10.23 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE
CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 

99 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of
the date first above written. 

UNITIL CORPORATION, as Borrower

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Unitil Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent

By: 

Name: Kelly Weaver

Title: Vice President

[Unitil Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender, L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender

By: 

Name: Karen L. Cummings

Title: Senior Vice President

[Unitil Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A., as a Lender

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Unitil Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Unitil Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

Schedule 2.01 

Commitments 

and Applicable
Percentages 

Lender Commitment Swingline

Commitment Pro Rata

Share of

L/C

Obligations Applicable Percentage 

Bank of America, N.A. $ 71,500,000107,250,000 $ 15,000,000 $ 8,937,500 35.75000000039.000000000 % 

Citizens Bank, N.A. $ 67,500,000 83,875,000 $ 0 $ 8,437,500 33.75000000030.500000000 % 

TD Bank, N.A. $ 61,000,000 83,875,000 $ 0 $ 7,625,000 30.500000000 % 

Total $ 200,000,000275,000,000 $ 0 $ 25,000,000 100.00000000100.000000000 % 

Schedule 10.02 

Agents Office, Certain Addresses For Notices 

Mail to: 

UNITIL CORPORATION: 

6 Liberty Lane West 

Hampton, NH 03842 

Attention: Todd Diggins, DirectorChristopher Goulding, Vice President of Finance and Regulatory

Telephone: 603-773-6504603-773-6466

Telecopier: 603-773-6704603-773-6466

Electronic Mail: Diggins@unitil.comgouldingc@unitil.com

Website Address: www.unitil.comwww.unitil.com

U.S. Taxpayer Identification Number: 02-0381573 

AGENT:

Agents Office

(for payments and Requests for Credit Extensions): 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Building C,
TX2-984-03-23 

2380 Performance Drive 

Richardson, TX 75082

Attention: Joanna Tarango 

Tel: 469-201-8731 

Email: joanna.tarango@bofa.com 

Other Notices as
Agent: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Agency Management 

900 W. Trade Street 

NC1-026-06-03 

Charlotte, NC 28255-0001 

Attention: Kelly Weaver 

Tel: 980-387-5452 

Facsimile: 704-208-2871 

Email: kelly.weaver@bofa.com 

Remittance Instructions- US Dollars: 

Bank of America,
N.A. 

New York, NY 

ABA# 026009593 

Account No.: 1366072250600 

Account Name: Wire Clearing Acct for
Syn Loans-LIQ 

Ref: Unitil Corporation 

SWINGLINE LENDER:

(for payments and Requests for Credit Extensions): 

Bank
of America, N.A. 

Building C, TX2-984-03-23 

2380 Performance
Drive 

Richardson, TX 75082 

Attention: Joanna Tarango 

Tel: 469-201-8731 

Email: joanna.tarango@bofa.com 

Remittance Instructions- US Dollars: 

Bank of America,
N.A. 

New York, NY 

ABA# 026009593 

Account No.: 1366072250600 

Account Name: Wire Clearing Acct for
Syn Loans-LIQ 

Ref: Unitil Corporation 

L/C ISSUER:

Bank of America Trade Operations 

Mail Code:
PA6-580-02-30 

1 Fleet Way 

Scranton, PA 18507 

Tel: 570-496-9619 

Facsimile: 800-755-8740 

Email: tradeclientserviceteamus@bofa.com 

Attention: Michael
Grizzanti 

Phone: 570-496-9621 

Facsimile: 800-755-8743 

Email: Michael.a.grizzanti@bofa.com 

Remittance
Instructions: 

Bank of America, N.A. 

New York, NY 

ABA #: 026-009-593 

Account #: 04535-883980 

Attn: Scranton Standby

Ref: Unitil Corporation
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d900757dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

EXECUTION VERSION

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE 

$83,875,000 January 29, 2025

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the Borrower) hereby promises to pay to CITIZENS BANK, N.A. or
registered assigns (the Lender), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of 

EIGHTY-THREE MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED SEVENTY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($83,875,000) 

or, if less, the principal amount of, and interest accrued on, each Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Third Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2022 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein
defined), among UNITIL CORPORATION, a New Hampshire corporation, each lender whose name appears on the signature page thereof or otherwise becomes party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Agent, Swingline Lender, L/C Issuer and Lender. This
Third Amended and Restated Note is being executed and delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Agreement. 

This
Third Amended and Restated Note amends, restates, supersedes and replaces in its entirety that certain Second Amended and Restated Note dated September 29, 2022 (the Existing Note) in the original maximum principal amount of
SIXTY-SEVEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($67,500,000) issued to the Lender by the Borrower, provided that nothing herein shall be construed to constitute payment of, or impair, limit, cancel or extinguish, or constitute a novation in
respect of, the obligations and liabilities of the Borrower evidenced by the Existing Note. 

The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal
amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Agent for the account of
the Lender in Dollars and in same day funds. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as
after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement. 

This Third Amended and Restated Note is one of the Notes referred to in the
Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all
amounts then remaining unpaid on this Third Amended and Restated Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or
records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this Third Amended and Restated Note and endorse thereon the date, amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect
thereto. 

The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand,
dishonor and non-payment of this Third Amended and Restated Note. 

[Signature Page to Follow.] 

1 

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO THE CONFLICTS OR CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 

UNITIL CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Daniel J. Hurstak

Name: Daniel J. Hurstak

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial

Officer and Treasurer

Third Amended and Restated Note 

Loans and Payments With Respect Thereto 

Date 

Type of Loan

Made 

Currency

and Amount

of Loan

Made 

End of

Interest

Period 

Amount of Principal

or Interest Paid
This

Date 

Outstanding

Principal Balance

This Date 

Notation

Made By
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d900757dex43.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.3
<TEXT>
EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 

EXECUTION VERSION

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE 

$83,875,000 January 29, 2025

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the Borrower) hereby promises to pay to
TD BANK, N.A. or registered assigns (the Lender), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of 

EIGHTY-THREE MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED SEVENTY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($83,875,000) 

or, if less, the principal amount of, and interest accrued on, each Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Third Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2022 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein
defined), among UNITIL CORPORATION, a New Hampshire corporation, each lender whose name appears on the signature page thereof or otherwise becomes party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Agent, Swingline Lender, L/C Issuer and Lender. This
Third Amended and Restated Note is being executed and delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Agreement. 

This
Third Amended and Restated Note amends, restates, supersedes and replaces in its entirety that certain Second Amended and Restated Note dated September 29, 2022 (the Existing Note) in the original maximum principal amount of SIXTY-ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($61,000,000) issued to the Lender by the Borrower, provided that nothing herein shall be construed to constitute payment of, or impair, limit, cancel or extinguish, or constitute a
novation in respect of, the obligations and liabilities of the Borrower evidenced by the Existing Note. 

The Borrower promises to pay interest on the
unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Agent for
the account of the Lender in Dollars and in same day funds. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before
as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement. 

This Third Amended and Restated Note is one of the Notes referred
to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the
Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Third Amended and Restated Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more
loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this Third Amended and Restated Note and endorse thereon the date, amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments
with respect thereto. 

The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of
protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Third Amended and Restated Note. 

[Signature Page
to Follow] 

1 

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO THE CONFLICTS OR CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 

UNITIL CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Daniel J. Hurstak

Name: Daniel J. Hurstak

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial

Officer and Treasurer

Third Amended and Restated Note 

Loans and Payments With Respect Thereto 

Date 

Type of Loan

Made 

Currency and

Amount of Loan

Made 

End of

Interest

Period 

Amount of Principal

or Interest Paid
This

Date 

Outstanding

Principal Balance

This Date 

Notation

Made By
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d900757dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT 

This Transition Services Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of January 31, 2025 (the Effective
Date), is made by and between Hearthstone Holdings, Inc. D/B/A Hope Utilities, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Service Provider), and Bangor Natural Gas Company, a Maine corporation (the Company).
Service Provider and Company are sometimes referred to collectively as the Parties and individually as a Party. The definitions of capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement are set forth in the
Purchase Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, PHC Utilities, Inc., an Ohio corporation (Seller), an Affiliate and a wholly owned subsidiary of Service
Provider, and Unitil Corporation, a New Hampshire corporation (Buyer), have entered into that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2024 (the Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which, among
other things and on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Seller agreed to sell to Buyer, and Buyer agreed to purchase from Seller, all of Sellers rights, title and interests in and to all of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Purchase Agreement contemplates and requires the execution and delivery by
the Parties of this Agreement, pursuant to which Service Provider shall provide, or cause to be provided, to the Company, certain transition services described in this Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement. 

NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and the
mutual agreements, covenants, representations, and warranties set forth herein, including the Recitals to this Agreement, which are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as
follows: 

ARTICLE I 

SERVICES 

Section 1.1
GENERAL INTENT; SERVICES. The Parties agree that the purpose of this Agreement is to establish the terms under which Service Provider will provide to the Company certain services to continue the operation and maintenance of the Company
substantially consistent with past practices until Service Provider and the Company have accomplished the successful transition of all business functions that were performed by Service Provider (or its Affiliates other than the Company) prior to the
Closing Effective Time. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, during the Term, Service Provider shall provide or cause to be provided to the Company, including through one or more of Service Providers
Affiliates at Service Providers sole and absolute discretion, the services set forth in Schedule 1.1, upon the Companys request, certain follow-up or ancillary services that are within the scope of or incidental to the services
set forth in Schedule 1.1, and, upon the Companys request, additional temporary, urgent services, in each case in accordance with the standard of performance set forth in Section 1.5 below (collectively, the
Services). Service Provider shall have no obligation to materially alter the Services to accommodate changes in the commercial or physical operation or the business of the Company. 

1 

Section 1.2 ACCOUNTS AND DISBURSEMENTS. To adequately perform certain of the Services
with respect to the receipt of payments from the Companys customers and post-closing payments to the Companys vendors, contractors, and/or suppliers who provide goods and/or services to the Company (other than the Services), and the
Companys payroll, the Parties will continue to use the existing bank accounts, which accounts must stay in effect during the Term of this Agreement. The Company has a good faith obligation to timely approve payments to vendors, suppliers, and
contractors, and for payroll. The Company further has a good faith obligation to timely deposit sufficient monies into the acquired bank accounts to cover any and all payments to be made to the Companys vendors, suppliers, and contractors, and
funding for payroll in a timely manner. The Service Provider will be responsible for any penalties and/or interest accrued as a result of any late payment to said vendors, contractors, and/or suppliers, and/or for payroll, that are due after the
Closing Effective Time and shall indemnify the Company for any claims arising from any late payments; provided, however, to the extent any such late payment is due to the Companys failure to timely approve such payment or to timely deposit
sufficient funds in the appropriate bank account(s), the Company will be responsible for any penalties and/or interest accrued as a result of such late payment to said vendors, contractors and/or suppliers, and/or for payroll, and shall indemnify
the Service Provider for any claims arising from any such late payments. Service Provider will, within seven Business Days after the end of each month, deliver to the Company a statement setting forth the payments and collections made in connection
with the accounts during the preceding month. If, at the end of the Term, the net amount of cash payments and collections resulted in Service Provider collecting more cash than it paid, then Service Provider will promptly pay to the Company the
amount of such excess. 

Section 1.3 REIMBURSEMENTS TO SERVICE PROVIDER OF MONIES PAID POST-CLOSING. The Company shall reimburse
Service Provider for any and all amounts paid by Service Provider, after the Closing Effective Time, for all expenses on behalf of the Company, except to the extent previously deposited, paid, or funded by the Company. 

Section 1.4 RESOURCES. Service Provider shall maintain sufficient resources to perform the Services in accordance with this Agreement.
At all times during the performance of Services by Service Provider, all persons performing such Services who shall be in the employ or under the control of Service Provider or its Affiliates, including third-party subcontractors, shall be
independent from the Company and Buyer and not employees of the Company or Buyer and shall not be entitled to any payment, benefit, or perquisite from the Company or Buyer on account of such Services. Service Provider will not be required to provide
any Services the provision of which would violate any applicable Law or bona fide internal compliance policy or procedure of Service Provider or its Affiliate; provided that at the Companys written request, Service Provider shall reasonably
cooperate with the Company to develop an alternative means to provide the Services that does not violate such Law, policy, or procedure. 

Section 1.5 STANDARD OF PERFORMANCE. Service Provider shall perform or cause to be performed its obligations under this Agreement
(a) in compliance with applicable Law, (b) with the same degree of care, skill, and prudence it customarily exercises and has historically exercised for its own operations, and (c) with respect to the performance of the Services, at a

2 

substantially similar priority, quantity, level and kind at which the Company received such Services during the six-month period prior to the date of the Purchase Agreement. The Company
acknowledges that Service Provider and its Affiliates are not professional third-party providers of the types of services included in the Services and that the personnel providing such Services may have other responsibilities and will not be
dedicated exclusively to performing the Services. 

Section 1.6 RECORDS. Service Provider shall maintain or cause to be maintained
true and correct records of all receipts, invoices, reports, and such other documents as are customarily maintained by it for its own operations relating to the Services rendered hereunder (Records). Company shall have the right
to inspect such Records during regular office hours following reasonable prior written notice of any such inspection; provided that such inspection is conducted in a manner that does not unreasonably interfere with the normal business operations of
Service Provider. 

Section 1.7 REPRESENTATIVES OF SERVICE PROVIDER. Service Provider shall, at all times during the Term, keep
representatives of Service Provider reasonably available to receive communications from the Company regarding the Services and to respond to reasonable inquiries concerning the performance of the Services, as well as any other information pertaining
to this Agreement. 

Section 1.8 LIMITATION OF SERVICES. Except as expressly agreed herein, in connection with the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement, in no event shall Service Provider be obligated to (a) make modifications to its existing systems (other than to reflect changes in rates and customer information, to add and remove customers, and for other
administrative actions); (b) acquire additional assets, equipment, rights, or properties (including computer equipment, software, furniture, furnishings, fixtures, machinery, vehicles, tools, or other tangible personal property) that are not in
the ordinary course of operations of Service Provider; (c) hire additional employees; (d) perform any service that it, in good faith, believes requires consent, approval, authorization, or bargaining with respect to any collective
bargaining agreement or other labor agreement with any labor union, works council, or organization; or (e) pay any costs related to the transfer or conversion of data from Service Provider or its Affiliates to the Company except as may be
provided in the Purchase Agreement. 

Section 1.9 SUBCONTRACTING. Service Provider may delegate performance of all or any part of
the Services to (a) one or more Affiliates of Service Provider and/or (b) one or more third-party vendors, contractors, or suppliers; provided that no such delegation by Service Provider to any such Affiliate or third-party vendor,
contractor or supplier shall in any way affect the Companys rights or relieve Service Provider of any of its obligations under this Agreement. To the extent that Service Provider delegates performance of the Services hereunder, Service
Provider will pay said Affiliate or third party directly and will not seek reimbursement for any payments made therefor. 

Section 1.10
INFORMATION POLICIES. When using any data processing or communications services of Service Provider or its Affiliates in connection with the provision of the Services, the Company shall, and shall cause the operation of any of its businesses to,
adhere in all respects to Service Providers and its Affiliates bona fide corporate information policies (including polices with respect to the protection of proprietary information and other policies regarding the use of computing
resources) that have been communicated to the Company in writing. 

3 

ARTICLE II 

COMPENSATION 

Section
2.1 COMPENSATION FOR SERVICES. During the Term (subject to the terms of Article IV), the Company shall pay to Service Provider a monthly payment, which is the full statement of amount owing and due as stated in the monthly Invoice, as
reimbursement of the actual cost of provision of the Services described in Sections 1.2 and 1.3 (without the addition of any profit factor) in a manner consistent with Service Providers or its Affiliates billing practices to its or their
other public utility Affiliates for shared services (each, a Monthly Payment). Service provide shall provide the Company with reasonable documentation of such actual costs, including time charged. 

Section 2.2 TAXES. The Company shall be responsible for all sales, use, excise, services, and other similar taxes, levies, and
charges (Taxes) (other than taxes based, in whole or in part, on the net income, profits, or employees of Service Provider) imposed by applicable Law on the provision of Services hereunder. If Service Provider is required to pay
any such Taxes in connection with its provision of Services under this Agreement, Service Provider shall separately invoice the Company for such Taxes, and the Company shall promptly reimburse Service Provider therefor. Service Provider will use
commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company in filing any reasonably requested documentation and certificates that would reduce any Taxes on the Services under this Section or result in a refund of such Taxes. 

ARTICLE III 

PAYMENT AND
DEFAULT 

Section 3.1 SUBMISSION OF INVOICE. Service Provider shall submit to the Company invoices as described in
Section 2.1 above (each, an Invoice) on or before the tenth (10th) Business Day of each month setting forth the Monthly Payment due and owing for that month for the Services provided in the immediately preceding month. 

Section 3.2 PAYMENT. Subject to the terms of Article IV, the Company shall pay the Monthly Payment described in a given Invoice
no later than thirty (30) days after the Companys receipt of such Invoice. Should the Services be provided up to and through the twelve (12) month anniversary of Closing (End Date), then the last Monthly Payment
will be made on or before the date that is thirty days after the End Date. Each Monthly Payment shall be paid by ACH or wire transfer of immediately available funds to the bank account designated by Service Provider in writing to the Company. 

Section 3.3 DEFAULT IN PAYMENT. Should the Company default in payment of the Monthly Payment for any month under the term of this
Agreement, and such default is not due to Service Providers failure to designate an account pursuant to Section 3.2 or due to Service Providers breach of the terms of this Agreement, Service Provider shall immediately inform
the Company and may, if the Companys payment default is not cured within ten (10) days following the Companys receipt of such notice, resort to the process set forth in Section 8.4 hereunder. 

4 

ARTICLE IV 

TERM; TERMINATION 

Section 4.1 TERM. Subject to this Article IV, the term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue until
the earlier of (a) the date that is twelve months after the Effective Date, or (b) the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 4.2, or (c) the expiration, discontinuation or termination of all Services in
accordance with this Agreement as mutually agreed by both Parties (the Term). 

Section 4.2 DISCONTINUATION OF
SERVICES.

(a) After the Effective Date, the Company may, without cause and in accordance with the terms and conditions hereunder,
request the discontinuation of all or any portion of the Services (so long as no remaining portion of the Services is dependent upon such portion that is the subject of the discontinuation request) by giving Service Provider at least fifteen
(15) business days prior written notice in accordance with the terms of Section 8.2 (including by email transmission) (the date deemed sent, being the applicable Sent Date). The sixteenth (16th) business day after such Sent Date will constitute the termination date of such Services (the applicable Services Termination Date). For portions of the Services that the
Company wishes to terminate that have upstream or downstream dependencies, the Parties shall work together to discontinue as soon as practicable the portion of the Services that the Company desires to terminate, while appropriately addressing or
terminating the other dependent Services. For the avoidance of doubt, should the Company not earlier provide notice in accordance herewith for discontinuation of all Services, the Services Termination Date for any and all remaining Services shall be
the End Date. The Parties shall cooperate as reasonably required to effectuate an orderly and systematic transfer to the Company or its representative of all of the duties and obligations previously performed by or on behalf of Service Provider
under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Service Provider shall not be obligated to initiate or undertake the provision of Services it is not reasonably able to complete before the applicable Services Termination Date (unless the applicable
Services Termination Date is the End Date), and Company shall not request additional Services or material changes to Services with respect to which there is a Sent Date after such Sent Date or to Services within fifteen business days of the End
Date. 

(b) If a Party materially breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement and does not cure such breach within thirty
(30) days after receiving written notice thereof from the non-breaching Party, then the non-breaching Party may, at its option, terminate the Services affected by such breach or this Agreement in its entirety by providing written notice of
termination to the other Party, which termination shall be effective immediately. 

(c) Should a Services Termination Date for certain
Services occur on a date before the end date of a calendar month, then the Invoice for such partial month will state the amount owing and due as of such Services Termination Date for such Services and the Company will pay such amount as the Monthly
Payment. 

Section 4.3 PROCEDURES UPON DISCONTINUATION OR TERMINATION OF SERVICES. Upon the discontinuation or termination of all
Services hereunder, this Agreement shall be of no further force and effect with respect to such Services, except as to obligations accrued prior to the date of discontinuation or termination; provided, however, that Article IV,
Article VI, Article VII, and Article VIII of this Agreement shall survive such discontinuation or termination. 

5 

ARTICLE V 

COOPERATION 

Section
5.1 COOPERATION. The Parties shall reasonably cooperate in good faith with each other in all matters relating to the provision and receipt of the Services under this Agreement. 

ARTICLE VI 

CONFIDENTIALITY; INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY; DATA 

Section 6.1 GENERALLY. Subject to Section 6.2, Section 6.3, and Section 6.4, each Receiving Party
agrees (a) to maintain the confidentiality of, (b) not to directly or indirectly duplicate or disclose to any other Person (other than the Receiving Partys Affiliates and Representatives) without prior written approval from the
Disclosing Party, and (c) not to use for any purpose, other than (i) performing its obligations hereunder or (ii) such other purposes as may be authorized in writing by the Disclosing Party, any of the Disclosing Partys
Confidential Information. Confidential Information means (a) nonpublic or proprietary information of any nature (including prices, trade secrets, technological know-how, data, and all other nonpublic or proprietary concepts,
methods of doing business, ideas, materials, or information) of the Party disclosing such information (the Disclosing Party) that is provided by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party to the other Party (the Receiving
Party) orally, visually, in writing, electronically, or in other tangible form and (b) all portions of documents that include such nonpublic or proprietary information of Disclosing Party; provided that all results of any
Services provided hereunder shall be deemed to constitute part of the Companys Confidential Information. 

Section 6.2
EXCEPTIONS. The foregoing obligations of confidence, nondisclosure, and nonuse shall not apply to, and the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information shall not include, any information that (a) was generally available to the public at
the time of disclosure by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party, (b) becomes generally available to the public through no fault of the Receiving Party or its Affiliates or their respective Representatives, (c) was
communicated to the Receiving Party by a third Person free of any obligation of confidence to the Disclosing Party known to the Receiving Party; or (d) was developed by officers, employees, or agents of or consultants to the Receiving Party
independently of and without reference to the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information, and, additionally in the case of Service Provider, was not developed as a result of performing obligations under this Agreement. 

Section 6.3 REQUIRED DISCLOSURE. The Receiving Party may disclose the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information to the extent
necessary and appropriate to any Governmental Entity to comply with any obligation imposed on the Receiving Party in connection with a proceeding before a Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction or otherwise to any Person pursuant to
applicable Law or the rules or regulations of any applicable stock exchange; provided that, to the extent permitted, the Receiving Party shall give reasonably prompt notice to the Disclosing Party of the need for such disclosure, together with such
other information about 

6 

the proceeding as will enable the Disclosing Party to evaluate the obligation and the need and to elect either to intervene or otherwise appear or act in the proceeding to protect directly the
Disclosing Partys Confidential Information at the expense of the Disclosing Party. Alternatively, the Disclosing Party may request the Receiving Party to, and if so requested, the Receiving Party shall, make a reasonable and diligent effort at
the expense of the Disclosing Party to obtain a protective order or otherwise to protect the confidentiality of information sought to be obtained in said proceeding. 

Section 6.4 LENGTH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATION. Receiving Party shall maintain and protect the confidentiality of the Disclosing
Partys Confidential Information as set forth in this Article VI for a period of two (2) years following the date of termination of this Agreement; provided that Service Provider shall maintain and protect the confidentiality
of personal information and personal data relating to the Companys employees, independent contractors, customers, clients, and suppliers as set forth in this Article VI indefinitely following the date of termination of this Agreement.

Section 6.5 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND DATA. Service Provider and the Company shall each retain ownership of their respective
intellectual property and data existing as of the Closing Effective Time except as may otherwise be provided for in the Purchase Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, each Party agrees that any intellectual property or data of the other
Party or its licensors made available to such Party in connection with the provision of the Services, and any derivative works, additions, modifications, translations, or enhancements thereof created by a Party pursuant to this Agreement, are and
shall remain the sole property of the Party that is the owner of such intellectual property or data; provided, that Company shall exclusively own any and all data generated primarily with respect to, and in the course of, the provision of the
Services by Service Provider. 

ARTICLE VII 

INDEMNITY 

Section 7.1
INDEMNIFICATION. 

(a) The Company agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Service
Provider and its Affiliates against and from all losses, claims, actions, proceedings, demands, costs, damages, liabilities, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), judgments, fines, and settlements (collectively,
Losses) (i) caused by or arising out of or resulting from the Companys fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence with respect to this Agreement, (ii) caused by or arising out of or resulting from the
Companys breach of this Agreement (including the confidentiality obligations set forth in Article VI), and (iii) for any claims arising out of late payment to the Companys vendors, suppliers, or contractors to the extent any
such late payment is due to the Companys late approvals of payments or untimely deposit of sufficient funds as set forth in Section 1.2 and Section 1.3 herein. 

(b) Service Provider agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company and its Affiliates
against and from all Losses (i) caused by or arising out of or resulting from Service Providers fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence with respect to this Agreement, (ii) caused by or arising out of or resulting from

7 

Service Providers breach of this Agreement (including the confidentiality obligations set forth in Article VI), and (iii) for any claims arising out of late payments to the
Companys vendors, contractors, and/or suppliers, unless such late payment is due to the Companys late approval of payments or untimely deposit of sufficient funds as set forth in Section 1.2 herein. 

ARTICLE VIII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
8.1 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this
Agreement by facsimile or electronic mail transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

Section 8.2 NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands, waivers, and other communications required or permitted to be given under this
Agreement shall be in writing and may be given by any of the following methods: (a) personal delivery; (b) email transmission but only to the extent promptly followed by notice provided for in subsections (a), (c), or (d) hereof;
(c) overnight or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; or (d) next day air courier service. Notices shall be sent to the appropriate Party at its address or email address given below (or at such other address or
electronic address for such party as shall be specified by notice given hereunder). 

If to Service Provider, to: 

Hearthstone Holdings, Inc. d/b/a Hope Utilities, Inc. 

781 Chestnut Ridge Road 

Morgantown, WV 26505 

Attn: Lynne
Rhode, General Counsel 

Email: lynne.c.rhode@hopegas.com 

and 

Hearthstone Holdings, Inc.
d/b/a Hope Utilities, Inc. 

781 Chestnut Ridge Road 

Morgantown, WV 26505 

Attn: Ruth
DeLost-Wylie, Chief Administrative Officer 

Email: ruth.delost-wylie@hopegas.com 

or to such other Person or address as Service Provider shall designate in writing. 

If to the Company to: 

Unitil
Corporation 

6 Liberty Lane West 

Hampton, NH 03842 

E-mail:
hurstakd@unitil.com 

Attention: Daniel J. Hurstak, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 

8 

with a copy to:

Unitil Corporation 

6 Liberty
Lane West 

Hampton, NH 03842 

E-mail: whitney@unitil.com 

Attention: Sandra L. Whitney, Corporate Secretary 

or to such other Person or address as the Company shall designate in writing. 

All such notices, requests, demands, waivers, and communications shall be deemed effective upon (i) actual receipt thereof by the
addressee, (ii) actual delivery thereof to the appropriate address, or (iii) in the case of an email transmission that is promptly followed by notice provided for in subsections (a), (c), or (d) above, transmission thereof by the
sender to the correct email address. 

Section 8.3 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement and any disputes arising hereunder or in connection
herewith shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or conflicts of laws principles (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would
otherwise require the application of the Laws of any other jurisdiction. 

Section 8.4 JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH
PARTY CONSENTS TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION BROUGHT IN ANY COURT WITHIN THE STATE OF DELAWARE HAVING SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES AGREES THAT ANY ACTION INSTITUTED BY EITHER OF THEM
AGAINST THE OTHER WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE INSTITUTED EXCLUSIVELY IN THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE (OR, IF THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE DECLINES TO ACCEPT OR DOES NOT HAVE JURISDICTION, ANOTHER STATE
COURT LOCATED WITHIN THE STATE OF DELAWARE OR, IF NO STATE COURT LOCATED WITHIN THE STATE OF DELAWARE HAS JURISDICTION, THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE). EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVES THE DEFENSE OF AN
INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF ANY SUCH ACTION. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT A PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION RESULTING FROM, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (a) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT, OR
ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS 

9 

REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (b) EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE
IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (c) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (d) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS Section 8.4. 

Section 8.5 CAPTIONS. The captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be considered a part of or affect the
construction or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. 

Section 8.6 WAIVERS. Any failure by any Party to comply with
any of its obligations, agreements, or conditions herein contained may be waived by the Party to whom such compliance is owed by an instrument signed by the Party to whom compliance is owed and expressly identified as a waiver, but not in any other
manner. No waiver of, or consent to a change in, any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of, or consent to a change in, other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a
continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided. 

Section 8.7 BINDING NATURE; ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests, or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, by any of
the Parties without prior written consent of the other Party. Nothing contained herein, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person, other than the Parties or their successors and assigns, any rights, remedies, obligations, or
liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement. Any assignment in contravention of this Agreement shall be null and void and without legal effect on the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder. 

Section 8.8 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement and the Schedules attached hereto constitute the entire agreement among the Parties
pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations, and discussions, whether oral or written, of the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof. 

Section 8.9 SEVERABILITY. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any
applicable Law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereunder is not affected in any
manner adverse to any Party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the
Parties as closely as possible in order that the transactions hereunder be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

Section 8.10 AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by an agreement in writing signed by Service Provider and the
Company and expressly identified as an amendment or modification; provided, however, that any Schedule to this Agreement, or portion thereof, may be amended or modified by attaching a revised Schedule or other written description

10 

of the changes to such Schedule, signed by Service Provider and the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement (other than Section 8.9) shall be construed as
obligating either Party to amend or modify this Agreement, or any Schedules hereto, unless mutually agreed in writing by Service Provider and the Company. 

Section 8.11 NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. Except as provided in Section 7.1, nothing in this Agreement shall entitle any
Person, other than the Company and Service Provider, to any claim, cause of action, remedy, or right of any kind. 

Section 8.12
REFERENCES. Unless otherwise required by the context in which any term appears: 

(a) The singular shall include the plural, the plural
shall include the singular, and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neutral genders and vice versa. 

(b) References to
Articles, Sections, Schedules, or Subsections shall be to articles, sections, schedules, or subsections of or to this Agreement unless stated otherwise, and references to paragraphs or
clauses shall be to separate paragraphs or clauses of the section or subsection in which the reference occurs. 

(c) The words
herein, hereof, hereto, and hereunder shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section or subsection of this Agreement; and the words include,
includes, or including shall mean including, without limitation. 

(d) The word or will have
the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase and/or; and shall and will mean must, and shall have equal force and effect and express an obligation. 

(e) Writing, written, and comparable terms refer to printing, typing, and other means of reproducing in a visible form.

(f) The term day shall mean a calendar day, commencing at 12:00 a.m. (local time in New York, New York). The term
month shall mean a calendar month; provided that when a period measured in months commences on a date other than the first day of a month, the period shall run from the date on which it starts to the corresponding date in the next month
and, as appropriate, to succeeding months thereafter. Whenever an event is to be performed or a payment is to be made by a particular date and the date in question falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the event shall be performed, or the
payment shall be made, on the next succeeding Business Day; provided, however, that all calculations shall be made regardless of whether any given day is a Business Day and whether or not any given period ends on a Business Day. Time is of the
essence in this Agreement. 

(g) All references to a particular entity shall include such entitys permitted successors and permitted
assigns unless otherwise specifically provided herein. 

11 

(h) All references herein to any Law or to any Contract shall be to such Law or Contract as
amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time unless otherwise specifically provided herein. 

(i) All monetary amounts contained in
this Agreement refer to currency of the United States. 

Section 8.13 CONSTRUCTION. Each of Service Provider and Company has had the
opportunity to exercise business discretion in relation to the negotiation of the details of the transaction contemplated hereby. This Agreement is the result of arms-length negotiations from equal bargaining positions. It is expressly agreed
that this Agreement shall not be construed against any Party, and no consideration shall be given or presumption made, on the basis of who drafted this Agreement or any particular provision thereof. 

Section 8.14 LIMITATION ON DAMAGES. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT AUTHORIZE ONE PARTY TO MAKE CLAIMS, INCLUDE IN
CALCULATION, SUE FOR, OR COLLECT FROM THE OTHER PARTY ITS OWN PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ITS OWN CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (OTHER THAN CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THIRD PERSONS OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES THAT ARE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE), AND EACH PARTY EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOR ITSELF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS AFFILIATES, ANY AND ALL CLAIMS IT MAY HAVE AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY FOR
ITS OWN SUCH DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (OTHER THAN CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THIRD PERSONS OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES THAT ARE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE).

Section 8.15 RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES. While providing the Services, Service Provider is acting as and shall be considered an
independent contractor and no employee, contractor, or agent of Service Provider shall represent itself to third Persons to be other than an independent contractor of the Company, nor shall Service Provider permit itself to offer or agree to incur
or assume any obligations or commitments in the name of the Company or any of the Companys Affiliates or for the Company or any of the Companys Affiliates without the prior consent and authorization of the Company. 

Section 8.16 NO FIDUCIARY DUTY. It is expressly understood and agreed that this Agreement is a purely commercial transaction between
the Parties and that nothing stated herein shall operate to create any fiduciary duty which a Party shall owe to the other Party. 

Section 8.17 MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, management of, and control over, the provision of
the Services (including the determination or designation at any time of the equipment, employees and other resources of Service Provider and its Affiliates to be used in connection with the provision of the Services) will reside solely with Service
Provider. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all labor matters relating to any employees of Service Provider and its Affiliates will be within the exclusive 

12 

control of Service Provider and its Affiliates. Service Provider will be solely responsible for the payment of all salary and benefits and all income tax, social security taxes, unemployment
compensation, tax, workers compensation tax, other employment taxes or withholdings and premiums and remittances with respect to employees of Service Provider and its Affiliates used to provide Services. 

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been signed by the undersigned as of the Effective
Date. 

SERVICE PROVIDER:

HEARTHSTONE HOLDINGS, INC.

D/B/A HOPE UTILITIES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Morgan K. OBrien

Name: Morgan K. OBrien

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

COMPANY:

BANGOR NATURAL GAS COMPANY

By: 

/s/ Morgan K. OBrien

Name: Morgan K. OBrien

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Signature Page to Transition Services Agreement 

The undersigned, solely in his capacity as an authorized officer of Buyer and not in his personal capacity,
hereby acknowledges the execution of this Transition Services Agreement between Service Provider and Company, as contemplated in the Purchase Agreement. 

UNITIL CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Daniel Hurstak

Name: Daniel Hurstak

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Signature Page Acknowledging the Transition Services Agreement 

SCHEDULE 1.1 

SERVICES 

NOTE: In accordance with
Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, Schedule 1.1 has been omitted. Schedule 1.1 sets forth the services to be provided by Service Provider or Service Providers Affiliates. 

Schedule 1.1 Page 1 of 1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d900757dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Page 1 of 2 

FOR RELEASE 

Unitil Completes Purchase of Bangor Natural Gas Company 

HAMPTON, NH, January 31, 2025: Unitil Corporation (NYSE:UTL) (unitil.com) today announced that it
completed the purchase of Bangor Natural Gas Company (Bangor), from PHC Utilities, Inc., a subsidiary of Hope Utilities, Inc. The Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) between PHC Utilities, Inc. and Unitil was first
announced on July 8, 2024. All conditions of the Agreement, including the receipt of approvals from the Maine Public Utilities Commission, were completed as of the closing date. 

Bangor Natural Gas Company, which began operations in 1998, brings approximately 8,500 customers, 351 miles of distribution pipelines, and nine
miles of transmission pipelines to the Unitil system. With the acquisition, Unitil serves approximately 207,000 customers throughout Maine, New Hampshire, and Massachusetts. 

Bangor is an excellent complement to our existing natural gas distribution operations in Maine, and brings a strong team that is
dedicated to delivering safe, clean, reliable, and affordable energy to customers, said Tom Meissner, Unitils Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. We look forward to providing the high level of service Bangors customers
expect of us. 

The purchase price was $70.9 million, plus approximately $0.3 million for estimated working capital. Unitil
was advised in this transaction by Scotiabank, and by the law firm of Dentons. 

About Unitil Corporation 

Unitil Corporation provides energy for life by safely and reliably delivering electricity and natural gas in New England. We are committed to
the communities we serve and to developing people, business practices, and technologies that lead to the delivery of dependable, more efficient energy.Unitil Corporation is a public utility holding company with operations in Maine, New
Hampshire and Massachusetts. Unitils operating utilities, including Bangor, serve approximately 109,400 electric customers and 97,600 natural gas customers. For more information about our people, technologies, and community involvement please
visit unitil.com. 

6 Liberty Lane West 

Hampton, NH
03842 

T 603.772.0775 

www.unitil.com 

Exhibit 99.1 

Page 2 of 2 

Forward Looking Statements 

This press release may contain forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this press
release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include declarations regarding Unitils beliefs and current expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent risks and uncertainties in predicting
future results and conditions that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Some, but not all, of the risks and uncertainties include the following: Unitils regulatory
environment (including regulations relating to climate change, greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental matters); fluctuations in the supply of, the demand for, and the prices of, energy commodities and transmission and transportation
capacity and Unitils ability to recover energy commodity costs in its rates; customers preferred energy sources; severe storms and Unitils ability to recover storm costs in its rates; general economic conditions; variations in
weather; long-term global climate change; unforeseen or changing circumstances, which could adversely affect the reduction of company-wide direct greenhouse gas emissions; Unitils ability to retain its existing customers and attract new
customers; increased competition; and other risks detailed in Unitils filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Unitil undertakes no obligation, and does not
intend, to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. 

For more information please contact: 

Christopher Goulding Investor Relations 

Phone: 603-773-6466

Email: gouldingc@unitil.com

Alec OMeara External Affairs 

Phone: 603-773-6404

Email: omeara@unitil.com

6 Liberty Lane West 

Hampton, NH
03842 

T 603.772.0775 

www.unitil.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>utl-20250129.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>utl-20250129_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>utl-20250129_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g900757g64c16.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 29, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name UNITIL CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000755001

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 29, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code NH

Entity File Number 1-8858

Entity Tax Identification Number 02-0381573

Entity Address, Address Line One 6 Liberty Lane West

Entity Address, City or Town Hampton

Entity Address, State or Province NH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 03842-1720

City Area Code (603)

Local Phone Number 772-0775

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol UTL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://unitil.com//20250129/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d900757d8k.htm 
utl-20250129.xsd 
utl-20250129_lab.xml 
utl-20250129_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-020122-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d900757d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000755001 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

UNITIL CORP 
false 
0000755001 
8-K 
2025-01-29 
NH 
1-8858 
02-0381573 
6 Liberty Lane West 
Hampton 
NH 
03842-1720 
(603) 
772-0775 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
UTL 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>