<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-010114.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-010114.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206161520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-010114
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250206
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PennyMac Financial Services, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001745916
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MORTGAGE BANKERS & LOAN CORRESPONDENTS [6162]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				831098934
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38727
		FILM NUMBER:		25597576

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3043 TOWNSGATE ROAD
		CITY:			WESTLAKE VILLAGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91361
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(818) 224-7442

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3043 TOWNSGATE ROAD
		CITY:			WESTLAKE VILLAGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91361

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New PennyMac Financial Services, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180709
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm255695d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000174591600017459162025-02-062025-02-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 6, 2025

PennyMac
Financial Services, Inc.

(formerly known as New PennyMac Financial Services,
Inc.)

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38727 83-1098934

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3043 Townsgate Road,

Westlake Village, California 91361

(Address of principal executive

offices) (Zip Code)

(818) 224-7442

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Former name or former address, if changed since
last report: N/A

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value PFSI New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 6, 2025 (the Closing
Date), PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (the Issuer and, together with its subsidiaries, the Company)
closed the previously announced offering (the Offering) of $850,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers
6.875% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes). The Issuer sold the Notes to the initial purchasers in the Offering, which was
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Notes were
offered for resale to purchasers reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers as defined in Rule 144A under
the Securities Act and to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Proceeds from the Offering will be used for the repayment of certain
of the Companys indebtedness, which may include the repayment of borrowings under the Companys secured MSR facilities and other secured indebtedness, for
the repurchase or repayment of a portion of the Issuers 5.375% senior notes due October 2025, and for other general corporate purposes.

The Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture,
dated as of February 6, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Issuer, the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as trustee. Interest on the Notes accrues beginning on February 6, 2025 at a rate of 6.875% per year. Interest
on the Notes is payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on August 15, 2025. The Notes
mature on February 15, 2033.

The Indenture contains customary terms, events
of default and covenants for an issuer of non-investment grade debt securities. These covenants include limitations on, among other things,
incurring additional debt or issuing certain preferred shares, paying dividends on or making other distributions in respect of capital
stock or making other restricted payments, making certain investments, selling or transferring certain assets, creating liens on certain
assets to secure debt, consolidating, merging, selling or otherwise disposing of all or substantially all assets, entering into certain
transactions with affiliates and designating subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries.

Prior to February 15, 2028, the Issuer
may, at its option and on any one or more occasions, redeem some or all of the Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date, plus a make-whole premium.

Prior to February 15, 2028, the Issuer
may, at its option and on any one or more occasions, redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes with an amount equal
to or less than the net proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price of 106.875% plus accrued and unpaid interest to,
but excluding, the redemption date.

On or after February 15, 2028, the Issuer
may, at its option and on any one or more occasions, redeem some or all of the Notes at the applicable redemption prices set forth in
the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date.

If a change of control triggering
event (as defined in the Indenture) occurs, the holders of the Notes may require the Issuer to purchase for cash all or a
portion of their Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to,
but excluding, the repurchase date.

The Notes will be senior unsecured obligations
of the Issuer and will rank senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, equally in right of payment
with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Issuer and effectively subordinated to any future secured indebtedness of the
Issuer to the extent of the value of collateral securing such indebtedness.

The Notes will be fully and unconditionally
guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by each of the Issuers existing and future wholly-owned domestic
subsidiaries (other than certain excluded subsidiaries). The guarantees will be senior unsecured obligations of the guarantors and will
rank senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of the guarantors, equally in right of payment with all existing
and future senior indebtedness of the guarantors and effectively subordinated to any future secured indebtedness of the guarantors to
the extent of the value of collateral securing such indebtedness. The Notes and the guarantees will be structurally subordinated to the
indebtedness and liabilities of the Issuers subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Notes.

The foregoing summaries of the Indenture and the Notes do not purport
to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Indenture, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this
Form 8-K, and such document is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth in
Item 1.01 of this Current Report relating to the Indenture is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2025, among PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 6.875% Senior Notes due 2033

4.2 Form of Global Note for 6.875% Senior Notes due 2033 (included in Exhibit 4.1)

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.

Date: February 6, 2025 /s/ Daniel S.
Perotti

Daniel S. Perotti

Senior Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm255695d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.

as Issuer,

THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO,

and

U.S. Bank
TRUST COMPANY, national association

as Trustee,

INDENTURE

Dated as of February 6, 2025

$850,000,000 6.875% Senior Notes Due 2033

Table of Contents

Page

Article One

DEFINITIONS
AND OTHER PROVISIONS

OF GENERAL APPLICATION

SECTION 1.01. Rules of Construction 1

SECTION 1.02. Definitions 2

SECTION 1.03. Compliance Certificates and Opinions 57

SECTION 1.04. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee 58

SECTION 1.05. Acts of Holders 58

SECTION 1.06. Notices, Etc., to Trustee, Issuer, any Guarantor and Agent 59

SECTION 1.07. Notice to Holders; Waiver 60

SECTION 1.08. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 61

SECTION 1.09. Successors 61

SECTION 1.10. Severability Clause 61

SECTION 1.11. Benefits of Indenture 61

SECTION 1.12. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 61

SECTION 1.13. Legal Holidays 61

SECTION 1.14. No Personal Liability of Directors, Managers, Officers, Employees and Stockholders 61

SECTION 1.15. [Reserved] 61

SECTION 1.16. Counterparts 62

SECTION 1.17. USA PATRIOT Act 62

SECTION 1.18. Waiver of Jury Trial 62

SECTION 1.19. Force Majeure 62

Article Two

NOTE
FORMS

SECTION 2.01. Form and Dating 62

SECTION 2.02. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating 62

Article Three

THE
NOTES

SECTION 3.01. Title and Terms 64

SECTION 3.02. Note Registrar, Transfer Agent and Paying Agent 64

SECTION 3.03. Denominations 66

SECTION 3.04. Temporary Notes 66

SECTION 3.05. Registration of Transfer and Exchange 66

SECTION 3.06. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Notes 67

SECTION 3.07. Payment of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved 67

SECTION 3.08. Persons Deemed Owners 68

SECTION 3.09. Cancellation 68

SECTION 3.10. Computation of Interest 69

-i-

SECTION 3.11. Transfer and Exchange 69

SECTION 3.12. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 69

SECTION 3.13. Issuance of Additional Notes 69

Article Four

SATISFACTION
AND DISCHARGE

SECTION 4.01. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 69

SECTION 4.02. Application of Trust Money 71

Article Five

REMEDIES

SECTION 5.01. Events of Default 71

SECTION 5.02. Acceleration of Maturity: Rescission and Annulment 74

SECTION 5.03. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee 75

SECTION 5.04. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 76

SECTION 5.05. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Notes 77

SECTION 5.06. Application of Money Collected 77

SECTION 5.07. Limitation on Suits 77

SECTION 5.08. Right of Holders to Bring Suit for Payment 78

SECTION 5.09. Restoration of Rights and Remedies 78

SECTION 5.10. Rights and Remedies Cumulative 78

SECTION 5.11. Delay or Omission Not Waiver 78

SECTION 5.12. Control by Holders 78

SECTION 5.13. Waiver of Past Defaults 78

SECTION 5.14. Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 79

SECTION 5.15. Undertaking for Costs 79

Article Six

THE
TRUSTEE

SECTION 6.01. Duties of the Trustee 79

SECTION 6.02. Notice of Defaults 80

SECTION 6.03. Certain Rights of Trustee 80

SECTION 6.04. Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Notes 83

SECTION 6.05. May Hold Notes 83

SECTION 6.06. Money Held in Trust 83

SECTION 6.07. Compensation and Reimbursement 83

SECTION 6.08. Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility 84

SECTION 6.09. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor 84

SECTION 6.10. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 85

SECTION 6.11. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business 85

SECTION 6.12. Appointment of Authenticating Agent 86

-ii-

Article Seven

HOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE AND ISSUER

SECTION 7.01. Issuer to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses 87

SECTION 7.02. Reports by Trustee 87

Article Eight

MERGER, CONSOLIDATION, AMALGAMATION OR SALE

OF ALL OR SUBSTANTIALLY ALL ASSETS

SECTION 8.01. Issuer May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms 87

SECTION 8.02. Guarantors May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms 88

SECTION 8.03. Successor Substituted 89

SECTION 8.04. Division 90

Article Nine

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

SECTION 9.01. Amendments or Supplements Without Consent of Holders 90

SECTION 9.02. Amendments, Supplements or Waivers with Consent of Holders 91

SECTION 9.03. Execution of Amendments, Supplements or Waivers 93

SECTION 9.04. Effect of Amendments, Supplements or Waivers 93

SECTION 9.05. [Reserved] 93

SECTION 9.06. Reference in Notes to Supplemental Indentures 93

SECTION 9.07. Notice of Supplemental Indentures 94

Article Ten

COVENANTS

SECTION 10.01. Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest 94

SECTION 10.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency 94

SECTION 10.03. Money for Notes Payments to Be Held in Trust 94

SECTION 10.04. Organizational Existence 95

SECTION 10.05. Payment of Taxes and Other Claims 96

SECTION 10.06. [Reserved] 96

SECTION 10.07. [Reserved] 96

SECTION 10.08. Statement by Officer as to Default 96

SECTION 10.09. Reports and Other Information 97

SECTION 10.10. Limitation on Restricted Payments 99

SECTION 10.11. Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock 109

SECTION 10.12. Limitation on Liens 118

SECTION 10.13. Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates 118

SECTION 10.14. Limitation on Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries 122

SECTION 10.15. Limitation on Guarantees of Indebtedness by Restricted Subsidiaries 124

SECTION 10.16. Change of Control Triggering Event 125

-iii-

SECTION 10.17. Asset Sales 127

SECTION 10.18. Suspension of Covenants 132

SECTION 10.19. Limited Condition Transactions 134

SECTION 10.20. Certain Compliance Calculations 135

Article Eleven

REDEMPTION OF NOTES

SECTION 11.01. Right of Redemption 136

SECTION 11.02. [Reserved.] 137

SECTION 11.03. Applicability of Article 137

SECTION 11.04. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee 137

SECTION 11.05. Selection by Trustee of Notes to Be Redeemed 137

SECTION 11.06. Notice of Redemption 138

SECTION 11.07. Deposit of Redemption Price 140

SECTION 11.08. Notes Payable on Redemption Date 140

SECTION 11.09. Notes Redeemed in Part 140

SECTION 11.10. Mandatory Redemption; Open Market Purchases 140

SECTION 11.11. Tender Offer Optional Redemption 140

Article Twelve

GUARANTEES

SECTION 12.01. Guarantees 141

SECTION 12.02. Severability 142

SECTION 12.03. Restricted Subsidiaries 142

SECTION 12.04. Limitation of Guarantors Liability 142

SECTION 12.05. Contribution 143

SECTION 12.06. Subrogation 143

SECTION 12.07. Reinstatement 143

SECTION 12.08. Release of a Guarantor 143

SECTION 12.09. Benefits Acknowledged 144

SECTION 12.10. Effectiveness of Guarantees 144

Article Thirteen

LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE

SECTION 13.01. Issuers Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 144

SECTION 13.02. Legal Defeasance and Discharge 144

SECTION 13.03. Covenant Defeasance 145

SECTION 13.04. Conditions to Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 145

SECTION 13.05. Deposited Money and Government Securities To Be Held in Trust Other Miscellaneous Provisions 147

SECTION 13.06. Reinstatement 147

-iv-

APPENDIX & EXHIBITS 

ANNEX I Rule 144A / Regulation S

EXHIBIT 1 to Rule 144A / Regulation S Form of
Initial Note

EXHIBIT A Form of Supplemental Indenture to Be Delivered
by Subsequent Guarantors

EXHIBIT B Form of Incumbency Certificate

-v-

INDENTURE, dated as of February 6, 2025, (this
Indenture), among PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. (the Issuer), a Delaware corporation,
the Guarantors (as defined below) and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as Trustee (as defined
below).

RECITALS OF THE ISSUER

The Issuer has duly authorized the creation of an
issue of $850,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.875% Senior Notes Due 2033 (the Initial Notes), issued
on the date hereof and to provide therefor the Issuer has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture.

All things necessary have been done to make
the Notes (as defined below), when executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered hereunder and duly issued by the Issuer, the
valid and legally binding obligations of the Issuer and to make this Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Issuer, in
accordance with their and its terms.

Each of the parties hereto is entering into this
Indenture for the benefit of the other parties and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders (as defined below) of (i) the
Issuers Initial Notes and (ii) any Additional Notes (as defined below) that may be issued from time to time under this Indenture.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

For and in consideration of the premises and the
purchase of the Notes by the Holders thereof, it is mutually covenanted and agreed, for the equal and ratable benefit of all Holders,
as follows:

Article One

DEFINITIONS
AND OTHER PROVISIONS

OF GENERAL APPLICATION

SECTION 1.01.Rules of
Construction.

(a)For
all purposes of this Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires:

(1)the
terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article, and words in the singular include the plural and
words in the plural include the singular;

(2)all
accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with GAAP (as herein defined);

(3)the
words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture
as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision;

(4)all
references to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Appendices shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and
Exhibits and Appendices to, this Indenture;

(5)or
is not exclusive;

-1-

(6)including
means including without limitation; and

(7)all
references to the date the Notes were originally issued shall refer to the Issue Date.

SECTION 1.02.Definitions.

Acceptable Commitment has the
meaning specified in Section 10.17(b) of this Indenture.

Acquired Indebtedness means,
with respect to any specified Person,

(1) Indebtedness of any other Person
existing at the time such other Person is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into or became a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified
Person, including Indebtedness incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person merging, consolidating or amalgamating
with or into or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person; and

(2) Indebtedness secured by a Lien
encumbering any asset acquired by such specified Person.

Act, when used with respect
to any Holder, has the meaning specified in Section 1.05(a) of this Indenture.

Additional Notes means any Notes
issued by the Issuer pursuant to Section 3.13 of this Indenture.

Adjusted Net Assets has the
meaning specified in Section 12.05 of this Indenture.

Advance Offer has the meaning
specified in Section 10.17(c) of this Indenture.

Advance Portion has the meaning
specified in Section 10.17(c) of this Indenture.

Affiliate of any specified Person
means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified
Person. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling,
controlled by and under common control with), as used with respect to any Person, shall mean
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.

Affiliate Transaction has the
meaning specified in Section 10.13(a) of this Indenture.

Agent means any Note Registrar,
Transfer Agent, co-registrar, Paying Agent or other agent appointed in accordance with this Indenture to perform any function that this
Indenture authorized such agent to perform.

Alternate Offer has the meaning
specified in Section 10.16(a) of this Indenture.

Appendix has the meaning specified
in Section 2.01 of this Indenture.

Applicable Calculation Date
means the applicable date of calculation for (1) the Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth Ratio, (2) the
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, (3) Consolidated EBITDA or (4) Consolidated Tangible Net Worth. For clarity, for purposes of the
provisions described under Section 10.19 of this Indenture, the Applicable Calculation Date may, at the option of a Testing Party,
be the LCT Test Date.

-2-

Applicable Measurement Period
means the most recently completed four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Issuer immediately preceding the Applicable Calculation Date
for which internal financial statements are available.

Applicable Premium means with
respect to any Note on any Redemption Date, the greater of:

(1)1.0%
of the principal amount of such Note; and

(2)the
excess, if any, of (a)(i) the sum of the present values at such Redemption Date of (A) the redemption price of such Note at
February 15, 2028 (such redemption price being set forth in the table appearing in Section 11.01(a)), plus (B) all required
remaining scheduled interest payments due on such Note through February 15, 2028, discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual
basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate as of such Redemption Date plus 50 basis points,
minus (ii) accrued but unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Redemption Date over (b) the principal amount of such Note.

Calculation of the Applicable Premium will be made
by the Issuer or on behalf of the Issuer by such Person as the Issuer shall designate; provided that such calculation or the correctness
thereof shall not be a duty or obligation of the Trustee.

Applicable Premium Deficit has
the meaning specified in Section 4.01 of this Indenture.

Asset Sale means:

(1)the
sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of property or assets
(including by way of a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction) of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (each referred to in this definition
as a disposition); or

(2)the
issuance or sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries issued in compliance
with Section 10.11), whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions;

in each case, other than:

(a)any
disposition of cash, Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities or obsolete, damaged, unnecessary, unsuitable or worn out property
or equipment or other assets in the ordinary course of business or any disposition of inventory or goods (or other assets), property or
equipment held for sale or no longer used or useful, or economically practicable to maintain, in the conduct of the business of the Issuer
and its Subsidiaries;

(b)the
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in a manner permitted pursuant to Article Eight
or any disposition that constitutes a Change of Control pursuant to this Indenture;

-3-

(c)any
disposition, issuance or sale in connection with the making of any Restricted Payment that is permitted to be made, and is made, under
Section 10.10 or any Permitted Investment;

(d)any
disposition of property or assets, or issuance of securities by a Restricted Subsidiary, to the Issuer or by the Issuer or a Restricted
Subsidiary to another Restricted Subsidiary;

(e)to
the extent allowable under Section 1031 of the Code, or any comparable or successor provision, any exchange of like property (excluding
any boot thereon) for use in a Similar Business, which may be in connection with an Asset Sale;

(f)the
lease, assignment, sub-lease, license or sub-license of any real or personal property in the ordinary course of business or consistent
with past practice or industry norm;

(g)any
issuance, sale or pledge of Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness or other securities of, an Unrestricted Subsidiary;

(h)foreclosures,
condemnation, expropriation, forced dispositions, eminent domain or any similar action (whether by deed of condemnation or otherwise)
with respect to assets or the granting of Liens not prohibited by this Indenture, and transfers of any property that have been subject
to a casualty to the respective insurer of such property as part of an insurance settlement or upon receipt of the net proceeds of such
casualty event;

(i)any
financing transaction with respect to property built or acquired by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Issue Date, including
Sale and Lease-Back Transactions;

(j)(i) the
termination of any lease, assignment, sublease, license or sublicense in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice
or industry norm, (ii) the allowance of the expiration of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property and (iii) any
surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or other litigation claims in
the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm;

(k)the
sale, conveyance or other disposition of advances, MSRs, mortgages, other loans, customer receivables, mortgage related securities or
derivatives or other assets (or any interests in any of the foregoing) in the ordinary course of business, the sale, transfer or discount
in the ordinary course of business of accounts receivable or other assets that by their terms convert into cash, any sale of MSRs in
connection with the origination of the associated mortgage loan in the ordinary course of business or any sale of securities in respect
of additional fundings under reverse mortgage loans in the ordinary course of business;

(l)the
sale, conveyance or other disposition of Investments or other assets and disposition or compromise of mortgages, other loans or receivables,
in each case, in connection with the workout, compromise, settlement or collection thereof or exercise of remedies with respect thereto,
in the ordinary course of business or bankruptcy, foreclosure or similar proceedings, including foreclosure, repossession and disposition
of REO Assets and other collateral for mortgages or other loans serviced and/or originated by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries;

-4-

(m)the
modification of any mortgages or other loans owned or serviced by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course
of business;

(n)assets
sold, conveyed or otherwise disposed of pursuant to the terms of Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Non-Recourse Indebtedness;

(o)a
sale, conveyance or other disposition (in one or more transactions) of Securitization Assets or Residual Interests in the ordinary course
of business;

(p)a
sale, conveyance or other disposition (in one or more transactions) of Servicing Advances, mortgage loans or MSRs or any part thereof
(x) in connection with the transfer or termination of the related MSRs or (y) in connection with any Excess Spread Sales;

(q)sales,
transfers or contributions of Securitization Assets to Securitization Entities, Warehouse Facility Trusts and MSR Facility Trust in connection
with Securitizations in the ordinary course of business;

(r)a
sale, conveyance or other disposition of Securitization Assets in the ordinary course of business in connection with the origination,
acquisition, securitization and/or sale of loans that are purchased, insured, guaranteed, or securitized;

(s)a
sale, contribution, assignment or other transfer of MSRs in connection with MSR Facilities or a sale, conveyance or other disposition
in the ordinary course of business of MSRs in connection with Warehouse Facilities or REO Assets;

(t)transactions
pursuant to repurchase agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(u)any
Co-Investment Transaction;

(v)the
licensing, sub-licensing or cross-licensing of intellectual property or other general intangibles in the ordinary course of business or
consistent with past practice or industry norm or that is immaterial;

(w)the
settlement, unwinding or termination of any Hedging Obligations, Permitted Equity Derivatives or Cash Management Obligations;

(x)sales,
transfers and other dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, customary buy/sell arrangements
between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements;

(y)the
lapse, abandonment or invalidation of intellectual property rights, which in the reasonable determination of the Board of the Issuer
or the senior management thereof are not material to the conduct of the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken
as a whole or are no longer used or useful or economically practicable or commercially reasonable to maintain;

(z)the
issuance of directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals or other third parties as required by applicable
law;

-5-

(aa)the
disposition of any assets (including Equity Interests) (i) acquired in a transaction permitted under this Indenture, which assets
are not used or useful in the core or principal business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) made in connection
with the approval of any applicable antitrust authority or otherwise necessary or advisable in the good faith determination of the Issuer
to consummate any acquisition permitted under this Indenture;

(bb)any
disposition of property or assets of a Foreign Subsidiary or a Domestic Subsidiary owned by a Foreign Subsidiary the Net Proceeds of which
the Issuer has determined in good faith that the repatriation of such Net Proceeds (i) is prohibited or subject to limitations under
applicable law, orders, decrees or determinations of any arbitrator, court or governmental authority or (ii) would have a material
adverse tax consequence (taking into account any foreign tax credit or benefit actually realized in connection with such repatriation);
provided that when the Issuer determines in good faith that repatriation of any of such Net Proceeds (i) is no longer prohibited
or subject to limitations under such applicable law, orders, decrees or determinations of any arbitrator, court or governmental authority
or (ii) would no longer have a material adverse tax consequence (taking into account any foreign tax credit or benefit actually realized
in connection with such repatriation), such amount at such time shall be considered the Net Proceeds in respect of an Asset Sale;

(cc)any
fee in lieu or other disposition of assets to any Governmental Authority that continue in use by the Issuer or any Restricted
Subsidiary, so long as the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary may obtain title to such assets upon reasonable notice by paying a nominal
fee;

(dd)a
disposition of Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement or other obligation with or to a Person (other than the
Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) from whom such Restricted Subsidiary was acquired, or from whom such Restricted Subsidiary acquired
its business and assets (having been newly formed in connection with such acquisition), entered into in connection with such acquisition;

(ee)dispositions
of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property
or (ii) an amount equal to the Net Proceeds of such disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property;
and

(ff)the
sales or dispositions of property or assets, or issuance or sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary, for an aggregate fair
market value not to exceed the greater of (x) $105.0 million and (y) 2.75% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth.

Further, in the event that a transaction (or a portion
thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of permitted Asset Sale described in clauses (a) through (ff) above
or the Net Proceeds of which are being applied in accordance with the covenant described in Section 10.17 of this Indenture, the
Issuer, in its sole discretion, may divide or classify, and may from time to time redivide and reclassify, such permitted Asset Sale (or
any portion thereof) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such permitted Asset Sale in one or more of the above
clauses or to apply the Net Proceeds of which in accordance with Section 10.17 of this Indenture.

Asset Sale Offer has the meaning
specified in Section 10.17(c) of this Indenture.

-6-

Asset Sale Proceeds Application Period
has the meaning specified in Section 10.17(b) of this Indenture.

Bankruptcy Law means Title 11,
United States Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as amended, or any similar United States federal or state law and the law of any other jurisdiction
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization or relief of debtors or any amendment to, succession
to or change in any such law.

Board with respect to a Person
means the board of directors (or similar body) of such Person or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board
of directors (or similar body).

Board Resolution means a duly
adopted resolution of the Board.

Business Day means each day
that is not a Legal Holiday.

Capital Stock means:

(1)in
the case of a corporation, corporate stock;

(2)in
the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however
designated) of corporate stock;

(3)in
the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited); and

(4)any
other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of
assets of, the issuing Person.

Capitalized Lease Obligation
means, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at such
time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with
GAAP as in effect on December 15, 2018, regardless of any change in GAAP following December 15, 2018.

Capitalized Software Expenditures
means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by a Person and its Restricted
Subsidiaries during such period in respect of purchased software or internally developed software and software enhancements that, in conformity
with GAAP, are or are required to be reflected as capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of a Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries.

Cash Equivalents means:

(1)U.S.
dollars;

(2)(a)Canadian
dollars, euros, pounds sterling or any national currency of any participating member state of the EMU; or

(b)other
currencies held by the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries from time to time in the ordinary course of business;

-7-

(3)securities
issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof
the securities of which are unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation of the U.S. government with average maturities
of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition;

(4)certificates
of deposit, time deposits and Eurodollar time deposits with average maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition, demand
deposits, bankers acceptances with average maturities not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits, in each case with any
commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than $100.0 million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof);

(5)repurchase
obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (3), (4) and (10) entered into with any financial institution
meeting the qualifications specified in clause (4) above;

(6)commercial
paper rated at least P-2 by Moodys or at least A-2 by S&P (or, if at any time, neither Moodys nor S&P shall be rating
such obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency) and variable and fixed rate notes issued by any financial institution
meeting the qualifications specified in clause (4) above, in each case with average maturities of 36 months after the date of
creation thereof;

(7)marketable
short-term money market and similar securities having a rating of at least P-2 or A-2 from either Moodys or S&P, respectively
(or, if at any time neither Moodys nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency);

(8)investment
funds investing at least 90% of their assets in securities of the types described in clauses (1) through (7) above and (9) through
(12) below;

(9)securities
issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States or any political
subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or any public instrumentality thereof having average maturities
of not more than 36 months from the date of acquisition thereof;

(10)readily
marketable direct obligations issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed by any foreign government or any political subdivision
or public instrumentality thereof, in each case (other than in the case of such securities issued or guaranteed by any participating member
state of the EMU) having an Investment Grade Rating from either Moodys or S&P (or, if at any time neither Moodys nor
S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency) with average maturities of 36 months or
less from the date of acquisition;

(11)Indebtedness
or Preferred Stock issued by Persons with a rating of A or higher from S&P or A2 or higher from Moodys
(or, if at any time neither Moodys nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency)
with average maturities of 36 months or less from the date of acquisition;

(12)Investments
with average maturities of 36 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated A (or the equivalent thereof)
or better by S&P or A2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moodys (or, if at any time neither Moodys nor S&P
shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency);

-8-

(13)in
the case of Investments by any Foreign Subsidiary of the Issuer, Investments for short-term cash management purposes of comparable
tenor and credit quality to those described in the foregoing clauses (1) through (12) customarily utilized in countries in which
such Foreign Subsidiary operates; and

(14)Investments,
classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets, in money market investment programs that are registered under the Investment Company
Act of 1940 or that are administered by financial institutions meeting the qualifications specified in clause (4) above, and, in
either case, the portfolios of which are limited such that substantially all of such Investments are of the character, quality and maturity
described in clauses (1) through (13) of this definition.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cash Equivalents shall
include amounts denominated in currencies other than those set forth in clauses (1) and (2) above; provided that such amounts
are converted into any currency listed in clauses (1) and (2) as promptly as practicable and in any event within ten Business
Days following the receipt of such amounts.

For the avoidance of doubt, any items identified
as Cash Equivalents under this definition will be deemed to be Cash Equivalents for all purposes under this Indenture regardless of the
treatment of such items under GAAP.

Cash Management Obligations
means (1) obligations in respect of any overdraft and related liabilities arising from treasury, depository, cash pooling arrangements
and cash management or treasury services or any automated clearing house transfers of funds, (2) other obligations in respect of
netting services, employee credit or purchase card programs and similar arrangements and (3) obligations in respect of any other
services related, ancillary or complementary to the foregoing (including any overdraft and related liabilities arising from treasury,
depository, cash pooling arrangements and cash management services, corporate credit and purchasing cards and related programs or any
automated clearing house transfers of funds).

CFC means a controlled
foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code.

Change of Control means the
occurrence of one or more of the following events after the Issue Date:

(1)the
sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, other than any Required Asset Sale, to any Person other than any Permitted Holders, the Issuer or any Guarantor; or

(2)the
Issuer becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote,
written notice or otherwise) the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of
the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Equity Interests of the Issuer (within
the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), other than one or more Permitted Holders or any parent entity (subject
to the proviso immediately below), in a single transaction or in a related series of transactions, by way of merger, consolidation or
other business combination or purchase, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 50%
or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote for the election of directors of the Issuer having a majority of
the aggregate votes on the Board of the Issuer, unless the Permitted Holders otherwise have the right (pursuant to contract, proxy or
otherwise), directly or indirectly, to designate, nominate or appoint a majority of the directors of the Issuer; provided that (x) so
long as the Issuer is a Subsidiary of any parent entity, no Person shall be deemed to be or become a beneficial owner of more than 50%
of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Issuer unless such Person shall be or become a beneficial owner of more than 50%
of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of such parent entity (other than a parent entity that is a Subsidiary of another parent
entity) and (y) any Voting Stock of which any Permitted Holder is the beneficial owner shall not in any case be included in any Voting
Stock of which any such Person is the beneficial owner.

-9-

Notwithstanding the preceding or any provision of
Section 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, (i) a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Stock subject to a stock
or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar
agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Voting Stock in connection with the transactions contemplated
by such agreement, (ii) if any group includes one or more Permitted Holders, the issued and outstanding Voting Stock of the Issuer
owned, directly or indirectly, by any Permitted Holders that are part of such group shall not be treated as being beneficially owned by
such group or any other member of such group for purposes of determining whether a Change of Control has occurred, (iii) a Person
or group will not be deemed to beneficially own the Voting Stock of a Person (the Subject Person) held by a parent
of such Subject Person unless it owns 50% or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote for the election of directors
of such parent entity having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of such parent, (iv) the right to acquire Voting Stock
(so long as such Person does not have the right to direct the voting of the Voting Stock subject to such right) or any veto power in connection
with the acquisition or disposition of Voting Stock will not cause a party to be a beneficial owner and (v) any veto or approval
rights in respect of certain matters provided to any equityholder in any shareholder agreement, investor rights agreement or other similar
agreement shall not constitute voting power for purposes of this definition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt,
a Change of Control shall not occur if the Issuer becomes a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Parent Entity and immediately following
that transaction no Person (other than a Parent Entity satisfying the requirements of this sentence or one or more Permitted Holders)
is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such Parent Entity (or its general partner, if
applicable). No Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred unless and until such Change of Control has actually been consummated.

Change of Control Triggering Event
means the occurrence of both (i) a Change of Control and (ii) a Rating Decline.

Change of Control Triggering Event Offer
has the meaning specified in Section 10.16(a) of this Indenture.

Change of Control Triggering Event Payment
has the meaning specified in Section 10.16(a) of this Indenture.

Change of Control Triggering Event Payment
Date has the meaning specified in Section 10.16(a) of this Indenture.

Code means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.

Co-Investment Transaction means
a transaction pursuant to which a portion of MSRs or the right to receive fees in respect of MSRs are transferred for fair value to another
Person.

-10-

consolidated or Consolidated
means, with respect to any Person, such Person on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding from such consolidation
any Unrestricted Subsidiary as if such Unrestricted Subsidiary were not an Affiliate of such Person.

Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization
Expense means with respect to any Person for any period, the total amount of depreciation and amortization expense and capitalized
fees, including the amortization of deferred financing fees or costs, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses, capitalized
expenditures (including Capitalized Software Expenditures), customer acquisition costs and incentive payments, conversion costs and contract
acquisition costs of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period on a consolidated basis and otherwise determined in accordance
with GAAP.

Consolidated EBITDA means, with
respect to any Person for any period, the Consolidated Net Income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, determined
on a consolidated basis, plus:

(1)without
duplication, and, other than with respect to clause (1)(l) of this definition of Consolidated EBITDA, to the extent
already deducted (and not added back) in arriving at the Consolidated Net Income of such Person, the sum of the following amounts for
such period:

(a)Fixed
Charges of such Person for such period (including (x) net losses on Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments entered into
for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk and (y) bank and letter of credit fees and costs of surety bonds in connection with
financing activities, in each case, to the extent included in Fixed Charges) together with items excluded from the definition of Consolidated
Interest Expense pursuant to clauses (a) through (j) thereof, plus

(b)provision
for taxes based on income, profits, revenue or capital gains, including federal, foreign and state income, franchise, excise, value added
and similar taxes and foreign withholding taxes of such Person paid or accrued during such period (including in respect of repatriated
funds), including any penalties and interest relating to such taxes or arising from any tax examinations, and any payments to a direct
or indirect parent company pursuant to Section 10.10(b)(13)(B) in respect of such taxes, plus

(c)Consolidated
Depreciation and Amortization Expense of such Person for such period (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, amortization related to
MSRs), plus

(d)any
other non-cash charges, including any write-offs, write-downs, expenses, losses or items (other than any non-cash charges related to (i) the
change in fair value of mortgage loans held for sale and economic hedges related thereto and (ii) the capitalization of MSRs) (provided,
in each case, that if any such non-cash charges represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period, the cash
payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA to such extent, and excluding amortization
of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period), plus

(e)the
amount of any non-controlling interest consisting of income attributable to non-controlling interests of third parties in any non-Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary deducted (and not added back) in such period in calculating Consolidated Net Income, plus

-11-

(f)the
amount of payments made to option, phantom equity or profits interests holders of such Person or any of its Parent Entities in connection
with, or as a result of, any distribution made to equityholders of such Person or its Parent Entities, which payments are being made to
compensate such option, phantom equity or profits interests holders as though they were equityholders at the time of, and entitled to
share in, such distribution, in each case, to the extent permitted under this Indenture (including expenses relating to distributions
made to equityholders of such Person or any of its Parent Entities resulting from the application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 718CompensationStock Compensation), plus

(g)cash
receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenditures) not included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income
in any period to the extent non-cash gains relating to such income were deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to
paragraph (3) below for any previous period and not added back, plus

(h)any
costs or expense incurred by such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option
plan or phantom equity plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any severance agreement or any stock subscription
or shareholder agreement, to the extent that such cost or expenses are non-cash or otherwise funded with cash proceeds contributed to
the capital of such Person or Net Proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests of such Person (other than Disqualified Stock), plus

(i)any
net pension or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including
amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at
the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715CompensationRetirement Benefits, and
any other items of a similar nature, plus

(j)with
respect to any joint venture that is not a Restricted Subsidiary, an amount equal to the proportion of those items described in clauses
(b) and (c) above relating to such joint venture corresponding to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries proportionate
share of such joint ventures Consolidated Net Income (determined as if such joint venture were a Restricted Subsidiary), plus

(k)recovery
of other-than-temporary loss on available-for-sale securities recognized through members (or shareholders) equity, plus

(l)the
amount of run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions, synergies and pricing improvements related to any Specified
Event (as defined below) projected by the Issuer in good faith to be realized as a result of actions that have been taken or initiated
or are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of the Issuer), including any cost savings, expenses and charges (including
restructuring and integration charges) in connection with, or incurred by or on behalf of, any joint venture of the Issuer or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries (whether accounted for on the financial statements of any such joint venture or the Issuer) with respect to any
investment, sale, transfer or other disposition of assets, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, Restricted Payment, Subsidiary designation,
restructuring, cost saving initiative, contract negotiation or other initiative (collectively, a Specified Event),
within 24 months of such Specified Event (which cost savings shall be added to Consolidated EBITDA until fully realized and calculated
on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings had been realized on the first day of the relevant period), net of the amount of actual
benefits realized from such actions; provided that (i) such cost savings are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable, (ii) no
cost savings, operating expense reductions or synergies shall be added pursuant to this clause (l) to the extent duplicative of any
expenses or charges relating to such cost savings, operating expense reductions or synergies that are included in any other clause of
this definition of Consolidated EBITDA (it being understood and agreed that run rate shall mean the
full recurring benefit that is associated with any action taken) and (iii) the share of any such cost savings, expenses and charges
with respect to a joint venture that are to be allocated to such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall not exceed the total
amount thereof for any such joint venture multiplied by the percentage of income of such venture expected to be included in Consolidated
EBITDA for the relevant Applicable Measurement Period, plus

-12-

(2)the
proportionate share of Consolidated EBITDA of any Person that is not a Subsidiary that is consolidated under GAAP or accounted for by
the equity method of accounting without duplication of any cash or Cash Equivalents received from such entity and included in Consolidated
Net Income pursuant to clause (4) of the definition thereof, as determined in good faith by the Issuer (calculated in accordance
with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA as though such entity were a Subsidiary of the Issuer, without giving effect
to this clause (2)), less

(3)without
duplication and to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts for such period:

(a)non-cash
gains (excluding (i) any non-cash gain to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for a potential cash item
that reduced Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA in any prior period, (ii) any non-cash gain related to the change in
fair value of mortgage loans held for sale and economic hedges related thereto and (iii) any non-cash gain related to the capitalization
of MSRs), and

(b)the
amount of any non-controlling interest consisting of loss attributable to non-controlling interests of third parties in any non-Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary added to (and not deducted from) Consolidated Net Income in such period,

in each case, as determined on a consolidated basis for such Person
and its Restricted Subsidiaries. For purposes of testing the covenants under this Indenture in connection with any transaction, the Consolidated
EBITDA of the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be adjusted to reflect such pro forma adjustments as are appropriate and consistent
with the pro forma adjustment provisions set forth in the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (other than as set forth in the first
proviso to the first paragraph of such definition).

Consolidated Interest Expense
means, with respect to a Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period, the sum of:

(1)cash
interest expense (including that attributable to Capitalized Lease Obligations), net of cash interest income of such Person and its Restricted
Subsidiaries with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, including all commissions, discounts
and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under hedging
agreements, plus

-13-

(2)non-cash
interest expense resulting solely from (x) the net amortization of original issue discount and original issuance premium from the
issuance of Indebtedness of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries (excluding the Notes), plus (y) pay-in-kind interest expense
of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) amortization of deferred financing
costs, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses and any other amounts of non-cash interest other than referred to in clause (y) above
(including as a result of the effects of acquisition method accounting or pushdown accounting), (b) non-cash interest expense attributable
to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of Indebtedness or obligations under Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments
pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815Derivatives and Hedging, (c) any one-time cash costs associated
with breakage in respect of hedging agreements for interest rates, (d) any additional interest owing pursuant to a
registration rights agreement with respect to any securities, (e) any payments with respect to make-whole premiums or other breakage
costs of any Indebtedness, (f) penalties and interest relating to taxes, (g) accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities
not constituting Indebtedness, (h) interest expense attributable to a direct or indirect parent entity resulting from push-down accounting,
(i) any expense resulting from the discounting of Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization or purchase
accounting, (j) any lease, rental or other expense in connection with a lease obligation that does not constitute a Capitalized Lease
Obligation and (k) any interest expense attributable to the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions
(whether actual, contingent or potential), with respect thereto and with respect to any acquisition or Investment permitted hereunder,
all as calculated on a consolidated basis.

For purposes of this definition, interest on a Capitalized
Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit
in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Net Income means,
with respect to any Person for any period, the aggregate of the Net Income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period,
determined on a consolidated basis, excluding (and excluding the effect of), without duplication,

(1)extraordinary,
non-recurring or unusual gains or losses (less all fees and expenses relating thereto) or expenses (including any unusual or non-recurring
operating expenses directly attributable to the implementation of cost savings initiatives and any accruals or reserves in respect of
any extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual items, severance, relocation costs, signing costs, retention, integration and facilities
or offices pre-opening and opening costs and other business optimization expenses (including related to new product introductions
and other strategic or cost savings initiatives), restructuring charges, accruals or reserves (including restructuring and integration
costs related to acquisitions and adjustments to existing reserves), whether or not classified as restructuring expense on the consolidated
financial statements, signing costs, retention or completion bonuses, other executive recruiting and retention costs, transition costs,
costs related to closure/consolidation of facilities or offices and curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee
benefit plans (including any settlement of pension liabilities and charges resulting from changes in estimates, valuations and judgments)),
and any other unusual or non-recurring items,

(2)the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles and changes as a result of adoption or modification of accounting policies during
such period,

(3)[reserved],

-14-

(4)the
Net Income for such period of any Person that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary and any Person that is not a Subsidiary or that is accounted
for by the equity method of accounting; provided that Consolidated Net Income shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions
or other payments that are actually paid in cash or Cash Equivalents (or, if not paid in cash or Cash Equivalents, but later converted
into cash or Cash Equivalents, upon such conversion) by such Person to the referent Person or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof in respect
of such period,

(5)any
fees and expenses (including any transaction or retention bonus or similar payment) incurred during such period, or any amortization thereof
for such period, in connection with any acquisition, Investment, recapitalization, asset sale, disposition, issuance or repayment
of indebtedness, issuance of equity interests, refinancing transaction or amendment or modification of any debt instrument (in each case,
including any such transaction consummated prior to the Issue Date and any such transaction initiated but not completed) and any charges
or non-recurring merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transaction, in each case whether or not successful
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the effects of expensing all transaction-related expenses in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards
Codification Topic 805Business Combinations and gains or losses associated with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 460Guarantees),

(6)any
net after-tax income (loss) for such period attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, Hedging Obligations or other derivative
instruments (including deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid),

(7)[reserved],

(8)non-cash
expenses and costs relating to any equity-based incentive plan, including the issuance of stock-based awards, partnership interest-based
awards and similar incentive-based compensation awards or arrangements,

(9)any
non-cash income (loss) attributable to deferred compensation plans or trusts,

(10)any
valuation allowance for mortgage loans held-for-investment and/or any change in fair value of debt in relation to securitized loans in
accordance with GAAP that require no additional capital or equity contributions to such Person,

(11)any
change in fair value due to changes in valuation inputs or assumptions used in the valuation model of MSRs (either assets or liabilities)
carried at fair value and any change in the provision for impairment of MSRs carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value,

(12)any
gain or loss related to the fair market value of economic hedges related to MSRs or other mortgage related assets or securities (other
than economic hedges related to mortgage loans held for sale), to the extent that such other mortgage related assets or securities are
valued at fair market value and gains and losses with respect to such related assets or securities have been excluded pursuant to another
clause of this provision;

(13)any
aggregate gain (loss) (less all fees and expenses relating thereto) on asset sales, disposals or abandonments or reserves relating thereto
(other than asset sales, disposals or abandonments in the ordinary course of business) or discontinued operations (from the time of such
disposition, provided that if such operations are classified as discontinued due to the fact that they are subject to an agreement to
dispose of such operations, only when and to the extent such operations are actually disposed of),

-15-

(14)any
gain (loss) attributable to the mark-to-market movement in the valuation of Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments pursuant
to FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815Derivatives and Hedging or mark-to-market movement of other financial instruments
pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 825Financial Instruments (other than those related to loans held for sale),

(15)any
non-cash gain (loss) related to currency remeasurements of Indebtedness (including the net loss or gain resulting from Hedging Obligations
for currency exchange risk and revaluations of intercompany balances and other balance sheet items),

(16)any
non-cash expenses, accruals or reserves related to adjustments to historical tax exposures (provided, in each case, that the cash
payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated Net Income for the period in which such cash payment
was made),

(17)any
impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down (including related to intangible assets (including goodwill), long-lived assets, and
investments in debt and equity securities),

(18)solely
for the purpose of determining the amount available for Restricted Payments under Section 10.10(a)(3)(a) and Section 10.10(a)(3)(b),
the Net Income for such period of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Guarantor) shall be excluded to the extent the declaration
or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Restricted Subsidiary of its Net Income is not at the date of determination permitted
without any prior governmental approval (which has not been obtained) or, directly or indirectly, is otherwise restricted by the operation
of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable
to that Restricted Subsidiary or its stockholders, unless such restriction with respect to the payment of dividends or similar distributions
has been legally waived or released (or the Issuer reasonably believes such restriction could be waived or released and is using commercially
reasonable efforts to pursue such waiver or release); provided that Consolidated Net Income of the Issuer will be increased by the amount
of dividends or other distributions or other payments actually paid in cash or Cash Equivalents (or, if not paid in cash or Cash Equivalents,
but later converted into cash or Cash Equivalents, upon such conversion) to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof in respect of
such period, to the extent not already included therein,

(19)the
effect of any non-cash gain or loss associated with (i) liabilities created in respect of a Co-Investment Transaction or (ii) MSR
financing liabilities, in each case, as a result of the accounting treatment thereof under GAAP,

(20)any
non-cash change in fair value of excess servicing spread liability,

(21)any
non-cash change in fair value of liabilities under the tax receivable agreement, and

(22)any
valuation allowance for Servicing Advances.

-16-

There shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income
for any period the effects from applying acquisition method accounting, including applying acquisition method accounting to inventory,
property and equipment, loans and leases, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenue (including deferred costs related
thereto and deferred rent) required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments
pushed down to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries), as a result of any acquisition or Investment consummated prior to the Issue
Date and any other acquisition (by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or otherwise) or other Investment or the amortization or write-off
of any amounts thereof.

In addition, to the extent not already included in
Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Net Income shall include the amount of proceeds received or, so long as such Person has made a determination
that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer or indemnifying party and only to the
extent that such amount is in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of the insurable or indemnifiable event (net of any amount so
added back in any prior period to the extent not so reimbursed within the applicable 365-day period), due from business interruption insurance
or reimbursement of expenses and charges that are covered by indemnification and other reimbursement provisions in connection with any
acquisition or other Investment or any disposition of any asset permitted under this Indenture.

Consolidated Tangible Net Worth
means, as of any Applicable Calculation Date, the excess of the total assets over the total liabilities, in each case of the Issuer and
its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding (a) goodwill and (b) other
intangibles (but including MSRs, carried interest and capitalized software), computed as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter
for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the Applicable Calculation Date; provided that, for purposes
of testing the covenants under this Indenture in connection with any transaction, the Consolidated Tangible Net Worth of such Person and
its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be adjusted to reflect such pro forma adjustments as are appropriate and consistent with the pro forma
adjustment provisions set forth in the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (other than as set forth in the first proviso to the
first paragraph of such definition).

Consolidated Total Indebtedness
means, as at any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (1) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Corporate Indebtedness
of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (A) all undrawn
amounts under revolving credit facilities (except to the extent of any Elected Amount), (B)Hedging Obligations and (C) performance
bonds or any similar instruments) and (2) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Disqualified Stock of the Issuer and all Preferred
Stock of the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, with the amount of such Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock equal to
the greater of their respective voluntary or involuntary liquidation preferences and maximum fixed repurchase prices, in each case determined
on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. For purposes hereof, the maximum fixed repurchase price of any Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock that does not have a fixed repurchase price shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock as if such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock were purchased on any date on which Consolidated Total Indebtedness
shall be required to be determined pursuant to this Indenture, and if such price is based upon, or measured by, the fair market value
of such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such fair market value shall be determined in good faith by the senior management of the
Issuer.

-17-

Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated
Tangible Net Worth Ratio means, as of any Applicable Calculation Date, the ratio of (1) Consolidated Total Indebtedness
of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, minus cash and Cash Equivalents of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries to (2) Consolidated
Tangible Net Worth, in each case, computed as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are
available immediately preceding the Applicable Calculation Date with such pro forma adjustments to Consolidated Total Indebtedness and
Consolidated Tangible Net Worth as are appropriate and consistent with the pro forma adjustment provisions set forth in the definition
of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio; provided that, for purposes of the calculation of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible
Net Worth Ratio, in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness permitted by Section 10.11, the Issuer may elect, pursuant
to an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, to treat all or any portion of the commitment (any such amount elected until
revoked as described below, an Elected Amount) under any Indebtedness which is to be incurred (or any commitment
in respect thereof) as being incurred as of the Applicable Calculation Date and (i) any subsequent incurrence of such Indebtedness
under such commitment (so long as the total amount under such Indebtedness does not exceed the Elected Amount) shall not be deemed, for
purposes of this calculation, to be an incurrence of additional Indebtedness at such subsequent time, (ii) the Issuer may revoke
an election of an Elected Amount pursuant to an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee and (iii) for purposes of all
subsequent calculations of the Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth Ratio, the Elected Amount (if any) shall
be deemed to be outstanding, whether or not such amount is actually outstanding, so long as the applicable commitment remains outstanding.

Contingent Obligations means,
with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any leases, dividends or other obligations that do not constitute
Indebtedness (primary obligations) of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner,
whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent,

(1)to
purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor,

(2)to
advance or supply funds:

(a)for
the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation, or

(b)to
maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor,
or

(3)to
purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability
of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof.

Controlled Investment Affiliate
means, as to any Person, any other Person, which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such
Person and is organized by such Person (or any Person controlling such Person) primarily for making direct or indirect equity or debt
investments in the Issuer and/or other Persons.

Corporate Indebtedness means,
with respect to any Person, the aggregate consolidated amount of Indebtedness of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries then outstanding
that would be shown on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries (excluding, for the purpose of this
definition, Indebtedness incurred under clauses (3), (6)(a), (7), (8), (9), (14), (21)(B), (26), (27) and (29) of Section 10.11(b)).

Corporate Trust Office means
the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee, at which at any particular time its corporate trust business in relation to this
Indenture shall be administered, which office at the date of execution of this Indenture is located at U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, West Side Flats St Paul, 60 Livingston Ave., EP-MN-WS3C, Saint Paul, MN 55107, except that with respect to presentation of
the Notes for payment or for registration of transfer or exchange, such term shall mean the office or agency of the Trustee at which,
at any particular time, its corporate agency business in relation to this Indenture shall be conducted.

-18-

Covenant Defeasance has the
meaning specified in Section 13.03 of this Indenture.

Covenant Suspension Event has
the meaning specified in Section 10.18(a) of this Indenture.

Credit Enhancement Agreements
means, collectively, any documents, instruments, guarantees or agreements entered into by the Issuer, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
or any Securitization Entity for the purpose of providing credit support (that is reasonably customary as determined by Issuers
senior management) with respect to any Permitted Funding Indebtedness or Permitted Securitization Indebtedness.

Credit Facilities means, with
respect to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, one or more debt facilities or other financing arrangements (including, without
limitation, commercial paper facilities with banks or other institutional lenders or investors or indentures) providing for revolving
credit loans, term loans, letters of credit or other indebtedness, including any notes, mortgages, guarantees, collateral documents, instruments
and agreements executed in connection therewith, and any amendments, supplements, modifications, extensions, renewals, restatements or
refundings thereof, in whole or in part, and any indentures or credit facilities or commercial paper facilities with banks or other institutional
lenders or investors that replace, refund, refinance, extend, renew, restate, amend, supplement or modify any part of the loans, notes,
other credit facilities or commitments thereunder, including any such exchanged, replacement, refunding, refinancing, extended, renewed,
restated, amended, supplemented or modified facility or indenture that increases the amount permitted to be borrowed or issued thereunder
or alters the maturity thereof (provided that such increase in borrowings or issuance is permitted under Section 10.11) or adds Restricted
Subsidiaries as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder and whether by the same or any other agent, trustee, lender or group of
lenders or other holders or investors.

Declined Proceeds has the meaning
specified in Section 10.17(c) of this Indenture.

Default means any event that
is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default.

Derivative Instrument with respect
to a Person, means any contract, instrument or other right to receive payment or delivery of cash or other assets to which such Person
or any Affiliate of such Person that is acting in concert with such Person in connection with such Persons investment in the Notes
(other than a Screened Affiliate) is a party (whether or not requiring further performance by such Person), the value and/or cash flows
of which (or any material portion thereof) are materially affected by the value and/or performance of the Notes and/ or the creditworthiness
of the Issuer and/or any one or more of the Guarantors (the Performance References).

Defaulted Interest has the meaning
specified in Section 3.07(b) of this Indenture.

Depository means The Depository
Trust Company, its nominees and their respective successors.

-19-

Designated Non-cash Consideration
means the fair market value of non-cash consideration received by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an Asset Sale
that is so designated as Designated Non-cash Consideration pursuant to an Officers Certificate, setting forth the basis of such
valuation, less the amount of cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale, redemption or repurchase of or collection
or payment on such Designated Non-cash Consideration. A particular item of Designated Non-cash Consideration will no longer be considered
to be outstanding when and to the extent it has been paid, redeemed or otherwise retired or sold or otherwise disposed of in exchange
for consideration in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents in compliance with Section 10.17.

Designated Preferred Stock means
Preferred Stock of the Issuer, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Entity (in each case other than Disqualified Stock) that is issued
for cash (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries)
and is so designated as Designated Preferred Stock, pursuant to an Officers Certificate executed by the principal financial officer
of the Issuer or the applicable Parent Entity, as the case may be, on the issuance date thereof, the cash proceeds of which are excluded
from the calculation set forth in Section 10.10(a)(3).

Disqualified Stock means, with
respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which, by its terms, or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible
or for which it is puttable or exchangeable, or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely
as a result of a change of control, fundamental change, asset sale, casualty, condemnation or eminent domain) pursuant to a sinking fund
obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely as a result of a change of control, fundamental
change, asset sale, casualty, condemnation or eminent domain), in whole or in part, in each case prior to the date 91 days after
the earlier of the maturity date of the Notes or the date the Notes are no longer outstanding; provided, however, that if such Capital
Stock is issued to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity or by any such plan to
such employees, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the
Issuer or its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such
employees termination, death or disability; provided, further, that any Capital Stock held by any future, current or former employee,
director, officer, manager or consultant (or their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members, or any permitted
transferee thereof) of the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because
it may be required to be repurchased by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity pursuant to any stockholders agreement,
management equity plan, stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or in order to satisfy applicable
statutory or regulatory obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, Permitted Warrant Transactions shall not
constitute Disqualified Stock.

Domestic Subsidiary means, with
respect to any Person, any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person that is organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any
state thereof or the District of Columbia.

Elected Amount has the meaning
given to such term in the definition of Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth Ratio.

EMU means economic and monetary
union as contemplated in the Treaty on European Union.

-20-

Equity Claw Redemption Amount
has the meaning specified in Section 11.01(a) of this Indenture.

Equity Interests means Capital
Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock, but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or
exchangeable for, Capital Stock.

Equity Offering means any public
or private sale or issuance of Capital Stock or Preferred Stock of the Issuer or any Parent Entity (excluding Disqualified Stock), other
than:

(1)public
offerings with respect to the Issuers or any of its Parent Entitys common stock registered on Form S-8;

(2)issuances
to any Subsidiary of the Issuer; and

(3)any
such public or private sale or issuance that constitutes an Excluded Contribution.

euro means the single currency
of participating member states of the EMU.

Event of Default has the meaning
specified in Section 5.01 of this Indenture.

Excess Proceeds has the meaning
specified in Section 10.17(c) of this Indenture.

Excess Spread Sale means any
sale in the ordinary course of business and for fair market value of any excess servicing fee spread under any MSR.

Exchange Act means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

Excluded Contribution means
net cash proceeds or the fair market value of marketable securities received by the Issuer or a Parent Entity to the extent contributed
to the Issuer from (1) contributions to its common equity capital or (2) the sale (other than to a Subsidiary of the Issuer
or to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement of the Issuer) of
Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock and Designated Preferred Stock) of the Issuer or any Parent Entity to the extent contributed
to the Issuer, in either case, designated as Excluded Contributions pursuant to an Officers Certificate on the date such capital
contributions are made.

Excluded Restricted Subsidiary
means any existing or newly acquired or created Subsidiary of the Issuer that is designated as a Restricted Subsidiary but prohibited,
in the reasonable judgment of the Issuer, from guaranteeing the Notes by any applicable law, regulation or contractual restriction existing
at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and which, in the case of any such contractual restriction, in the good faith
opinion of the management of the Issuer, cannot be removed through commercially reasonable efforts.

Existing Facilities
means, collectively, the Existing Servicing Advance Facilities, the Existing Warehouse Facilities and the Existing MSR Facilities.

Existing MSR Facilities means
the MSR Facilities of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in existence on the Issue Date, in each case, together with the related
documents thereto (including, without limitation, any security documents), in each case as such agreements may be amended (including any
amendment and restatement thereof), supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including any agreement extending the maturity
of, increasing the interest rate or fees applicable thereto, refinancing, replacing or otherwise restructuring (including adding Subsidiaries
of the Issuer as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder) all or any portion of the Indebtedness under such agreement or any successor
or replacement agreement and whether by the same or any other agent, lender or group of lenders.

-21-

Existing Servicing Advance Facilities
means the Servicing Advance Facilities of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in existence on the Issue Date, in each case, together
with the related documents thereto (including, without limitation, any security documents), in each case as such agreements may be amended
(including any amendment and restatement thereof), supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including any agreement extending
the maturity of, increasing the interest rate or fees applicable thereto, refinancing, replacing or otherwise restructuring (including
adding Subsidiaries of the Issuer as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder) all or any portion of the Indebtedness under such
agreement or any successor or replacement agreement and whether by the same or any other agent, lender or group of lenders.

Existing Warehouse Facilities
means the Warehouse Facilities of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in existence on the Issue Date, in each case, together with
the related documents thereto (including, without limitation, any security documents), in each case as such agreements may be amended
(including any amendment and restatement thereof), supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including any agreement extending
the maturity of, increasing the interest rate or fees applicable thereto, refinancing, replacing or otherwise restructuring (including
adding Subsidiaries of the Issuer as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder) all or any portion of the Indebtedness under such
agreement or any successor or replacement agreement and whether by the same or any other agent, lender or group of lenders.

fair market value means, with
respect to any Investment, asset, property or liability, the fair market value of such Investment, asset, property or liability as determined
in good faith by the Board or a member of the senior management of the Issuer.

Fannie Mae means Fannie Mae,
also known as The Federal National Mortgage Association, or any successor thereto.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings Inc.
and any successor to its rating agency business.

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
means, with respect to any Person as of any Applicable Calculation Date, the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA of such Person for the Applicable
Measurement Period to the Fixed Charges of such Person for such Applicable Measurement Period. In the event that the Issuer or any Restricted
Subsidiary incurs, assumes, guarantees, redeems, repays, retires or extinguishes any Indebtedness or issues or redeems Disqualified Stock
or Preferred Stock subsequent to the commencement of the Applicable Measurement Period but on or prior to the Applicable Calculation Date,
then the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such incurrence, assumption, guarantee, redemption,
repayment, retirement or extinguishment of Indebtedness, or such issuance or redemption of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (in each
case, including a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom), as if the same had occurred at the beginning of the Applicable
Measurement Period; provided, however, that the pro forma calculation shall not give effect to any Indebtedness incurred on such determination
date pursuant to the provisions described under Section 10.11(b) (other than pursuant to Section 10.11(b)(18)); provided,
further, that for purposes of the calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness
pursuant to Section 10.11(a), the Issuer may elect, pursuant to an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, to
treat an Elected Amount under any Indebtedness which is to be incurred (or any commitment in respect thereof), as being incurred as of
the Applicable Calculation Date and (1) any subsequent incurrence of Indebtedness under such commitment that was so treated (so long
as the total amount under such Indebtedness does not exceed the Elected Amount) shall not be deemed, for purposes of this calculation,
to be an incurrence of additional Indebtedness at such subsequent time, (2) the Issuer may revoke an election of an Elected Amount
pursuant to an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee and (3) for subsequent calculations of the Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio, the Elected Amount (if any) shall be deemed to be outstanding, whether or not such amount is actually outstanding, so long as the
applicable commitment remains outstanding.

-22-

For purposes of making the computation referred to
above, Investments, acquisitions, asset originations, purchases of assets, MSRs, Servicing Advances or servicing rights, dispositions,
mergers , amalgamations, consolidations and disposed operations (as determined in accordance with GAAP) and operational changes that have
been made by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries during the Applicable Measurement Period or subsequent to such Applicable
Measurement Period and on or prior to or simultaneously with the Applicable Calculation Date shall be calculated on a pro forma basis
assuming that all such Investments, acquisitions, asset originations, purchases of assets, MSRs, Servicing Advances or servicing rights,
dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations, disposed operations and operational changes (and the change in any associated fixed
charge obligations and the change in Consolidated EBITDA resulting therefrom) had occurred on the first day of the Applicable Measurement
Period. If since the beginning of such period any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged or amalgamated
with or into the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries since the beginning of such period shall have made any Investment, acquisition,
asset origination, purchase of assets, MSRs, Servicing Advances or servicing rights, disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation
or disposed operation that would have required adjustment pursuant to this definition, then the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be calculated
giving pro forma effect thereto for such Applicable Measurement Period as if such Investment, acquisition, asset origination, purchase
of assets, MSRs, Servicing Advances or servicing rights, disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or disposed operation had occurred
at the beginning of the Applicable Measurement Period. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Subsidiary was previously designated
as an Unrestricted Subsidiary but was redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary during or subsequent to the Applicable Measurement Period
and is a Restricted Subsidiary as of the Applicable Calculation Date, the computation referred to above shall be calculated on a pro forma
basis assuming that such redesignation as a Restricted Subsidiary (and the change in any associated fixed charge obligations and any change
in Consolidated EBITDA resulting therefrom) had occurred on the first day of the Applicable Measurement Period.

For purposes of this definition, whenever pro forma
effect is to be given to a transaction, the pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting
officer of the Issuer (and may include, for the avoidance of doubt and without duplication, cost savings, operating expense reductions
and synergies resulting from any Asset Sale or other disposition or such Investment, acquisition, asset origination, purchase of assets,
MSRs, Servicing Advances or servicing rights, disposition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation or other transaction, in each case calculated
in accordance with and permitted by clause (1)(l) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA herein). The Issuer shall
be entitled in calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio: (1) to treat the entry into a bona fide subservicing agreement in respect
of MSRs as an asset acquisition and (2) to give effect in such pro forma calculation to any bona fide binding definitive agreement,
subject to customary closing conditions, for any transaction that upon the consummation thereof would be subject to the foregoing paragraph
(including any related incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness). If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given
pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the Applicable Calculation Date had
been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Hedging Obligations applicable to such Indebtedness). Interest
on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a responsible financial or accounting
officer of the Issuer to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of
making the computation referred to above, interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility computed on a pro forma basis
shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period or, if lower, the maximum commitments
under such revolving credit facility as of the Applicable Calculation Date. Interest on Indebtedness that may optionally be determined
at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate, or other rate, shall be deemed
to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or, if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen as the Issuer may designate.

-23-

Fixed Charges means, with respect
to any Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period, the sum of (without duplication):

(1)Consolidated
Interest Expense on Corporate Indebtedness of such Person for such period;

(2)all
cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Preferred Stock during such
period; and

(3)all
cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Disqualified Stock during such
period.

Foreign Subsidiary means, with
respect to any Person, any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person that is not organized or existing under the laws of the United States,
any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

Freddie Mac means Freddie Mac,
also known as The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or any successor thereto.

FSHCO means any direct or indirect
Domestic Subsidiary of the Issuer substantially all the assets of which are Equity Interests and/or indebtedness of one or more direct
or indirect Foreign Subsidiaries that are controlled foreign corporations within the meaning of Section 957 of the
Code.

Funding Guarantor has the meaning
specified in Section 12.05 of this Indenture.

GAAP means generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board
of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board
or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are
in effect from time to time; provided that all terms of an accounting or financial nature used in this Indenture shall be construed, and
all computations of amounts and ratios referred to in this Indenture shall be made (a) without giving effect to any election under
FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 825 Financial Instruments, or any successor thereto (including pursuant to the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification), to value any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined
therein and (b) the amount of any Indebtedness under GAAP with respect to Capitalized Lease Obligations shall be determined in accordance
with the definition of Capitalized Lease Obligations.

-24-

At any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer may
elect to apply IFRS accounting principles in lieu of GAAP and, upon any such election, references herein to GAAP shall thereafter be construed
to mean IFRS (except as otherwise provided in this Indenture); provided that any such election, once made, shall be irrevocable; provided,
further, any calculation or determination in the Indenture that requires the application of GAAP for periods that include fiscal quarters
ended prior to the Issuers election to apply IFRS shall remain as previously calculated or determined in accordance with GAAP.
The Issuer shall give notice of any such election made in accordance with this definition to the Trustee. For the avoidance of doubt,
solely making an election (without any other action) referred to in this definition will not be treated as an incurrence of Indebtedness.
For the avoidance of doubt, solely making an election (without any other action) referred to in this definition will not (1) be treated
as an incurrence of Indebtedness or (2) have the effect of rendering invalid any payment, Investment or other action made prior
to the date of such election pursuant to Section 10.10 or any incurrence of Indebtedness incurred prior to the date of such election
pursuant to Section 10.11 (or any other action conditioned on the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries having been able to incur
$1.00 of additional Indebtedness) if such payment, Investment, incurrence or other action was valid under this Indenture on the date
made, incurred or taken.

If there occurs a change in IFRS or generally accepted
accounting principles, as the case may be, and such change would cause a change in the method of calculation of any standards, terms or
measures used in a covenant under this Indenture as determined in good faith by the Issuer (an Accounting Change),
then the Issuer may elect, as evidenced by a written notice of the Issuer to the Trustee, that such standards, terms or measures shall
be calculated as if such Accounting Change had not occurred.

Ginnie Mae means Ginnie Mae,
also known as The Government National Mortgage Association, or any successor thereto.

Government Securities means
securities that are:

(1)direct
obligations of, or obligations guaranteed by, the United States for the timely payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged;
or

(2)obligations
of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States the timely payment of which is
unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States,

which, in either case, are not callable or redeemable
at the option of the issuer thereof, and shall also include a depository receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of
the Securities Act), as custodian with respect to any such Government Securities or a specific payment of principal of or interest on
any such Government Securities held by such custodian for the account of the holder of such depository receipt; provided that (except
as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depository receipt
from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Government Securities or the specific payment of principal of or interest
on the Government Securities evidenced by such depository receipt.

Governmental Authority means
the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency,
authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing,
regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supranational bodies such as the European
Union or the European Central Bank).

-25-

guarantee means a guarantee
(other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect, in any manner
(including letters of credit and reimbursement agreements in respect thereof), of all or any part of any Indebtedness or other obligations.

Guarantee means the guarantee
by any Guarantor of the Issuers Obligations under this Indenture and the Notes.

Guarantor means each Restricted
Subsidiary of the Issuer that executes this Indenture as a Guarantor on the Issue Date and each other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer
that thereafter guarantees the Notes in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, until, in each case, such Person is released from
the guarantee of the Notes in accordance with the terms of this Indenture; provided that any Excluded Restricted Subsidiary, any Securitization
Entity, any Warehouse Facility Trust, any MSR Facility Trust, any Foreign Subsidiary, any Domestic Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary
which is a CFC and any FSHCO shall not be deemed to be Guarantors.

Hedging Obligations means, with
respect to any Person, (1) the obligations of such Person under any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest
rate floor agreement, interest rate collar agreement, forward hedge and TBA contracts, mortgage sale contracts, interest only
mortgage derivative assets or other mortgage derivative products, future contracts and options on future contracts on the Eurodollar,
Federal Funds, Treasury bills and Treasury rates, commodity swap agreement, commodity cap agreement, commodity collar agreement, foreign
exchange contract, currency swap agreement or similar agreement providing for the transfer, modification or mitigation of interest rate,
currency, commodity or equity risks either generally or under specific contingencies and (2) any and all transactions of any kind,
and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master
agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement), including any such
obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Permitted Equity Derivatives shall not constitute
Hedging Obligations.

holder means, with reference
to any Indebtedness or other Obligations, any holder or lender of, or trustee or collateral agent or other authorized representative with
respect to, such Indebtedness or Obligations, and, in the case of Hedging Obligations, any counterparty to such Hedging Obligations.

Holder means the Person in whose
name a Note is registered on the Note Registrars books.

IFRS means the international
financial reporting standards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

Immediate Family Members means
with respect to any individual, such individuals child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent,
spouse, former spouse, qualified domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law (including adoptive
relationships), and any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate-planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing
individuals or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which
any such individual is the donor.

Increased Amount has the meaning
specified in Section 10.12 of this Indenture

-26-

incur and incurrence
have the meaning specified in Section 10.11(a) of this Indenture.

Indebtedness means, with respect
to any Person, without duplication:

(1)any
indebtedness (including principal and premium) of such Person, whether or not contingent:

(a)in
respect of borrowed money;

(b)evidenced
by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit or bankers acceptances (or, without duplication, reimbursement
agreements in respect thereof);

(c)representing
the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property (including Capitalized Lease Obligations), except (i) any such
balance that constitutes an obligation in respect of a commercial letter of credit, a trade payable or similar obligation to a trade creditor,
in each case accrued in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) any earn-out obligations until such obligation is reflected as
a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and if not paid within 120 days after becoming due and payable;
or

(d)representing
the net obligations under any Hedging Obligations;

if and to the extent that any of the foregoing
Indebtedness in clauses (a) through (d) (other than letters of credit and Hedging Obligations) would appear as a liability upon
a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; provided that

(1)Indebtedness
of any Parent Entity appearing on the balance sheet of the Issuer solely by reason of push-down accounting under GAAP shall be excluded;

(2)to
the extent not otherwise included, any obligation by such Person to be liable for, or to pay, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, on the
obligations of the type referred to in clause (1) of a third Person (whether or not such items would appear upon the balance
sheet of such obligor or guarantor), other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business;
provided that the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of this clause (2) shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate
unpaid amount of such Indebtedness; and

(3)to
the extent not otherwise included, the obligations of the type referred to in clause (1) of a third Person secured by a Lien
on any assets owned by such first Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such first Person; provided, however, that the
amount of such Indebtedness will be the lesser of (a) the fair market value of such assets at such date of determination and (b) the
amount of such Indebtedness of such other Person;

provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness
shall be deemed not to include (A) Contingent Obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, (B) accrued expenses
and royalties, (C) any lease, rental or other expense in connection with a lease obligation that does not constitute a Capitalized
Lease Obligation or other obligations under or in respect of operating leases, straight-line leases or Sale and Lease-Back Transactions
(except any resulting Capitalized Lease Obligations), or (D) asset retirement obligations and obligations in respect of performance
bonds, reclamation and workers compensation (including pensions and retiree medical care) that are not overdue by more than 90 days.

-27-

Indenture means this instrument
as originally executed and as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered
into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof.

Independent Financial Advisor
means an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant to Persons engaged in Similar Businesses of nationally recognized
standing that is, in the good faith judgment of the Issuer, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged.

Initial Notes has the meaning
specified in the recitals of this Indenture.

Interest Payment Date means
the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on the Notes.

Investment Grade Rating means
a rating equal to or higher than (x) Baa3 (or the equivalent), with respect to Moodys, (y) BBB- (or the equivalent),
with respect to S&P, or (z) BBB- (or the equivalent), with respect to Fitch, or in each case, an equivalent rating by any other
Rating Agency.

Investment Grade Securities
means:

(1)securities
issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents),

(2)debt
securities or debt instruments with an Investment Grade Rating, but excluding any debt securities or instruments constituting loans or
advances among the Issuer and its Subsidiaries,

(3)investments
in any fund that invests at least 90% of its assets in investments of the type described in clauses (1) and (2), which fund
may also hold immaterial amounts of cash pending investment or distribution, and

(4)corresponding
instruments in countries other than the United States customarily utilized for high-quality investments.

Investments means, with respect
to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of loans (including guarantees), advances
or capital contributions (excluding (x) accounts receivable, trade credit, advances to customers, commission, moving, entertainment,
travel and similar expenses and advances to officers, directors, managers, employees and consultants, in each case made in the ordinary
course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm, (y) deposits made in the ordinary course of business or customary
deposits into reserve accounts related to Securitizations or (z) residential mortgage loans in the ordinary course of business, warehouse
loans secured by residential mortgage loans and related assets, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business),
purchases or other acquisitions for consideration of Indebtedness, Equity Interests or other securities issued by any other Person and
investments that are required by GAAP to be classified on the balance sheet (excluding the footnotes) of the Issuer in the same manner
as the other investments included in this definition to the extent such transactions involve the transfer of cash or other property. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the foregoing, Permitted Equity Derivatives shall not constitute Investments.

-28-

For purposes of the definition of Unrestricted
Subsidiary and Section 10.10:

(1)Investments
shall include the portion (proportionate to the Issuers equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net
assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer at the time that such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that
upon a redesignation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Issuer shall be deemed to continue to have a permanent Investment
in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to:

(a)the
Issuers Investment in such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation; less

(b)the
portion (proportionate to the Issuers equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of such Subsidiary
at the time of such redesignation; and

(2)any
property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be valued at its fair market value at the time of such transfer, in each
case as determined by the Issuer.

The amount of any Investment outstanding at any time
shall be the original cost of such Investment, reduced by any dividend, distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment or
other amount received in cash or Cash Equivalents by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Investment.

Investors means HC Partners,
LLC and its Affiliates (including the funds, partnerships or other co-investment vehicles managed, advised or controlled thereby but other
than, in each case, any portfolio company of any of the foregoing or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries).

Issue Date means February 6,
2025.

Issuer means PennyMac Financial
Services, Inc.

Issuer Request or Issuer
Order means a written request or order signed in the name of the Issuer by an Officer thereof, and delivered to the
Trustee.

LCT Election has the meaning
specified in Section 10.19 of this Indenture.

LCT Test Date has the meaning
specified in Section 10.19 of this Indenture.

Legal Defeasance has the meaning
specified in Section 13.02 of this Indenture.

Legal Holiday means a Saturday,
a Sunday or a day on which commercial banking institutions are not required or authorized to be open in the State of New York.

Lien means, with respect to
any asset, any mortgage, lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, charge, security interest, preference, priority or encumbrance
of any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded, registered, published or otherwise perfected under applicable law,
including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof, any option or other agreement to sell
or give a security interest in and any filing of or agreement to give any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code (or equivalent
statutes) of any jurisdiction; provided that in no event shall an operating lease or a transfer of assets pursuant to a Co-Investment
Transaction be deemed to constitute a Lien.

-29-

Limited Condition Transaction
means (1) any Investment or acquisition (whether by merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other business combination or the acquisition
of Capital Stock or otherwise and which may include, for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction that may constitute a Change of Control)
or other transaction, (2) any incurrence, issuance, prepayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or
repayment of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, (3) any Restricted Payment, (4) any Asset Sale or a disposition
excluded from the definition of Asset Sale and (5) any other transaction or plan undertaken or proposed to be undertaken
in connection with any of the preceding clauses (1) through (4).

Long Derivative Instrument means
a Derivative Instrument (i) the value of which generally increases, and/or the payment or delivery obligations under which generally
decrease, with positive changes to the Performance References and/or (ii) the value of which generally decreases, and/or the payment
or delivery obligations under which generally increase, with negative changes to the Performance References.

Market Capitalization means
an amount equal to (1) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common Equity Interests of the Issuer or any Parent Entity
on the date of the declaration of a Restricted Payment permitted pursuant to Section 10.10(b)(8) multiplied by (2) the
arithmetic mean of the closing prices per share of such common Equity Interests on the principal securities exchange on which such common
Equity Interests are traded for the 30 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of declaration of such Restricted
Payment.

Maturity when used with respect
to the Notes, means the date on which the principal of the Notes or an installment of principal becomes due and payable as therein or
herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, notice of redemption or otherwise.

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc. and any successor to its rating agency business.

MSR means mortgage servicing
rights (including master servicing rights and excess mortgage servicing rights) entitling the holder to service mortgage loans.

MSR Facility means any financing
arrangement of any kind, including, but not limited to, financing arrangements in the form of repurchase facilities, loan agreements,
note and/or other security issuance facilities and commercial paper facilities (excluding in all cases, Securitizations), with a financial
institution or other lender (including, without limitation, any Specified Government Entity) or purchaser, in each case, primarily to
finance or refinance the purchase, origination, pooling or funding by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer of MSRs originated,
purchased, or owned by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrangement secured
by MSRs held by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer.

MSR Facility Trust means any
Person (whether or not a Subsidiary of the Issuer) established for the purpose of issuing notes or other securities in connection with
an MSR Facility, which (1) notes and securities are backed by specified MSRs originated or purchased by, and/or contributed to, such
Person from the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or (2) notes and securities are backed by specified mortgage loans
purchased by, and/or contributed to, such Person from the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries.

-30-

MSR Indebtedness means Indebtedness
in connection with an MSR Facility; the amount of any particular MSR Indebtedness as of any date of determination shall be calculated
in accordance with GAAP.

Net Income means, with respect
to any Person, the net income (loss) attributable to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP and before any reduction in respect of Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) dividends.

Net Proceeds means the aggregate
cash proceeds and the fair market value of any Cash Equivalents received by the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect
of any Asset Sale, including any cash or Cash Equivalents received upon the sale or other disposition of any Designated Non-cash Consideration
received in any Asset Sale, net of (1) fees, out-of-pocket expenses and other direct costs relating to such Asset Sale and the sale
or disposition of such Designated Non-cash Consideration, including, without limitation, legal, accounting, consulting, investment banking
and other customary fees, underwriting discounts and commissions, survey costs, title and recordation expenses, title insurance premiums,
payments made in order to obtain a necessary consent or required by applicable law and brokerage and sales commissions and any relocation
expenses incurred as a result thereof, (2) taxes paid or payable as a result thereof or any transactions occurring or deemed to occur
to effectuate a payment under this Indenture (including transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes and estimated taxes payable in
connection with any repatriation of funds and after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements),
(3) amounts required to be applied to the repayment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on Senior Indebtedness, Indebtedness
of any Restricted Subsidiary or Indebtedness secured by a Lien on such assets and in each case required (other than pursuant to Section 10.17(b)(1)) to
be paid as a result of such transaction, (4) the pro rata portion of Net Proceeds thereof attributable to minority interests and
not available for distribution to or for the account of the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries as a result thereof, (5) any costs
associated with unwinding any related Hedging Obligations in connection with such transaction, (6) any deduction of appropriate amounts
to be provided by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities associated
with the asset disposed of in such transaction and retained by the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries after such sale or other
disposition thereof, including pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters
or against any indemnification obligations associated with such transaction, (7) any portion of the purchase price from an Asset
Sale placed in escrow, whether as a reserve for adjustment of the purchase price, for satisfaction of indemnities in respect of such Asset
Sale or otherwise in connection with such Asset Sale; provided, that upon the termination of that escrow (other than in connection with
a payment in respect of any such adjustment or satisfaction of indemnities), Net Proceeds will be increased by any portion of funds in
the escrow that are released to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and (8) the amount of any liabilities (other than
Indebtedness in respect of the Notes) directly associated with such asset being sold and retained by the Issuer or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries. Any non-cash consideration received in connection with any Asset Sale that is subsequently converted to cash shall become
Net Proceeds only at such time as it is so converted. Net Proceeds denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars shall be the U.S.
Dollar Equivalent of such Net Proceeds.

-31-

Net Short means, with respect
to a Holder or beneficial owner, as of a date of determination, either (i) the value of its Short Derivative Instruments exceeds
the sum of the (x) the value of its Notes plus (y) the value of its Long Derivative Instruments as of such date of determination
or (ii) it is reasonably expected that such would have been the case were a Failure to Pay or Bankruptcy Credit Event (each as defined
in the 2014 ISDA Credit 134 Derivatives Definitions) to have occurred with respect to the Issuer or any Guarantor immediately prior to
such date of determination.

Non-Guarantor Disposition has
the meaning specified in Section 10.17(b) of this Indenture.

Non-Recourse Indebtedness means,
with respect to any Person, Indebtedness that is:

(1) specifically advanced to finance
the acquisition of investment assets and secured only by the assets to which such Indebtedness relates without recourse to such Person
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than subject to such customary carve-out matters for which such Person or its Restricted
Subsidiaries acts as a guarantor in connection with such Indebtedness, such as fraud, misappropriation, breach of representation and warranty
and misapplication, unless, until and for so long as a claim for payment or performance has been made thereunder against such Person (which
has not been satisfied) at which time the obligations with respect to any such customary carve-out shall not be considered Non-Recourse
Indebtedness, to the extent that such claim is a liability of such Person for GAAP purposes);

(2) advanced to (i) such Person
or its Restricted Subsidiaries that holds investment assets or (ii) any of such Persons Subsidiaries or group of such Persons
Subsidiaries formed for the sole purpose of acquiring or holding investment assets, in each case, against which a loan is obtained that
is made without recourse to, and with no cross-collateralization against, such Persons or any of such Persons Restricted
Subsidiaries other assets (other than: (A) cross-collateralization against assets which serve as collateral for other Non-Recourse
Indebtedness; and (B) subject to such customary carve-out matters for which such Person or its Restricted Subsidiaries acts as a
guarantor in connection with such Indebtedness, such as fraud, misappropriation, breach of representation and warranty and misapplication,
unless, until and for so long as a claim for payment or performance has been made thereunder against such Person (which has not been satisfied)
at which time the obligations with respect to any such customary carve-out shall not be considered Non-Recourse Indebtedness, to the extent
that such claim is a liability of such Person for GAAP purposes) and upon complete or partial liquidation of which the loan must be correspondingly
completely or partially repaid, as the case may be; or

(3) specifically advanced to finance
the acquisition of real property and secured by only the real property to which such Indebtedness relates without recourse to such Person
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than subject to such customary carve-out matters for which such Person or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries acts as a guarantor in connection with such Indebtedness, such as fraud, misappropriation, breach of representation and warranty
and misapplication, unless, until and for so long as a claim for payment or performance has been made thereunder against such Person (which
has not been satisfied) at which time the obligations with respect to any such customary carve-out shall not be considered Non-Recourse
Indebtedness, to the extent that such claim is a liability of such Person for GAAP purposes),

provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any
Non-Recourse Indebtedness is made with recourse to other assets of a Person or its Restricted Subsidiaries, only that portion of such
Non-Recourse Indebtedness that is recourse to such other assets or Restricted Subsidiaries shall be deemed not to be Non-Recourse Indebtedness.

Note Register and Note
Registrar have the respective meanings specified in Section 3.02 of this Indenture.

Notes means the Initial Notes
and any Additional Notes authenticated and delivered under this Indenture. The Initial Notes and the Additional Notes shall be treated
as a single class for all purposes of this Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, and unless the
context otherwise requires, all references to the Notes shall include the Initial Notes and any Additional Notes actually issued; provided
that a separate CUSIPs and ISINs will be issued for each series of the Additional Notes, unless the Initial Notes and the Additional Notes
are treated as fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

-32-

Notes Custodian means the custodian
with respect to a Global Note (as appointed by the Depository) or any successor person thereto, who shall initially be the Trustee.

Noteholder Direction has the meaning
specified in Section 5.01 of this Indenture.

Obligations means any principal,
interest (including any interest accruing on or subsequent to the filing of a petition in bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding
at the rate provided for in the documentation with respect thereto, whether or not such interest is an allowed claim under applicable
state, provincial, federal or foreign law), premium, penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements (including reimbursement obligations
with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances), damages and other liabilities, and guarantees of payment of such principal,
interest, premium, penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities, payable under the documentation governing
any Indebtedness; provided, that any of the foregoing (other than principal and interest) shall no longer constitute Obligations
after payment in full of such principal and interest except to the extent such obligations are fully liquidated and non-contingent on
or prior to such payment in full.

Offering Memorandum means the
final Offering Memorandum, dated February 4, 2025, relating to the offering of the Notes.

Officer means the Chairman of
the Board, any Manager or Director, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the President,
any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President, Vice President or Assistant Vice President, the Treasurer, the Controller or the
Secretary or any other officer designated by any such individuals of the Issuer or any other Person, as the case may be, or, in the event
that the Issuer or such Person has no such officers, a person duly authorized under applicable law by the managers, members or a similar
body to act on behalf of the Issuer or such Person.

Officers Certificate
means a certificate signed on behalf of the Issuer by an Officer of the Issuer or on behalf of any other Person, as the case may be, that
meets the requirements set forth in this Indenture.

Opinion of Counsel means a written
opinion from legal counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the Trustee (which opinion may be subject to customary assumptions and exclusions);
such legal counsel may be an employee of, or counsel to, the Issuer or a Parent Entity.

Outstanding, when used with
respect to Notes, means, as of the date of determination, all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered under this Indenture, except:

(1)Notes
theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;

(2)Notes,
or portions thereof, for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or
any Paying Agent (other than the Issuer) in trust or set aside and segregated in trust by the Issuer (if the Issuer shall act as its own
Paying Agent) for the Holders of such Notes; provided that, if such Notes are to be redeemed, written notice of such redemption has
been duly given pursuant to this Indenture;

-33-

(3)Notes,
except to the extent provided in Sections 13.02 and 13.03, with respect to which the Issuer has effected Legal Defeasance or
Covenant Defeasance as provided in Article Thirteen; and

(4)Notes
which have been paid pursuant to Section 3.06 or in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and
delivered pursuant to this Indenture, other than any such Notes in respect of which there shall have been presented to the Trustee proof
satisfactory to it that such Notes are held by a Protected Purchaser in whose hands the Notes are valid obligations of the Issuer;

provided that, in determining whether the Holders of the requisite
principal amount of Outstanding Notes have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, consent, notice or waiver hereunder Notes
owned by the Issuer or its Affiliates shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Trustee
shall be protected in making such determination or in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent
or waiver, only Notes which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded.

Parent Entity means any Person
that, with respect to another Person, owns 50% or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote for the election
of directors of such other Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, any references to Parent Entity refer to a Parent Entity of
the Issuer.

Pari Passu Indebtedness has
the meaning specified in Section 10.17(c) of this Indenture.

Paying Agent means any Person
(including the Issuer acting as Paying Agent) authorized by the Issuer to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on any
Notes on behalf of the Issuer.

Performance References has the
meaning set forth in the definition of Derivative Instrument.

Permitted Asset Swap means the
substantially concurrent purchase and sale or exchange, including as a deposit for future purchases, of Related Business Assets or a combination
of Related Business Assets and cash or Cash Equivalents between the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and another Person; provided
that any cash or Cash Equivalents received must be applied in accordance with Section 10.17.

-34-

Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction
means (a) any call option or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on the common stock of the Issuer
or any Parent Entity purchased by the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity in connection with an Incurrence of Permitted
Convertible Indebtedness, and (b) any call option or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) replacing
or refinancing the foregoing; provided, that (x) the sum of (i) the purchase price for any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction
occurring after the Issue Date, plus (ii) the purchase price for any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction it is refinancing or replacing,
if any, minus (iii) the cash proceeds received upon the termination, unwinding or the retirement of the Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction
it is replacing or refinancing, if any, less (y) the sum of (i) the cash proceeds from the sale of the related Permitted Warrant
Transaction, if any, plus (ii) the cash proceeds from the sale of any Permitted Warrant Transaction refinancing or replacing such
related Permitted Warrant Transaction, if any, minus (iii) the amount paid upon termination or retirement of such related Permitted
Warrant Transaction, if any, does not exceed the net cash proceeds from the incurrence of the related Permitted Convertible Indebtedness.

Permitted Convertible Indebtedness
means Indebtedness of the Issuer, any Parent Entity or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 10.11
that is (1) convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock of the Issuer or any Parent Entity (and cash in lieu of fractional
shares) and/or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common stock) and/or (2) sold as units with call options,
warrants, rights or obligations to purchase (or substantially equivalent derivative transactions) that are exercisable for Capital Stock
of the Issuer or any Parent Entity and/or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common stock).

Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call
Transaction means any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and any Permitted Warrant Transaction.

Permitted Equity Derivatives
means (1) any forward purchase, accelerated share purchase or other equity derivative transactions relating to the Equity Interests
of the Company entered into by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any Restricted Payment made in connection with
such transaction is permitted pursuant to Section 10.10 and (2) any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transactions.

-35-

Permitted Funding Indebtedness
means (1) any Permitted Servicing Advance Facility Indebtedness, (2) any Permitted Warehouse Indebtedness, (3) any Permitted
Residual Indebtedness, (4) any Permitted MSR Indebtedness, (5) any Indebtedness under clauses (1), (2), (3) or (4) of
this definition that is acquired by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer in connection with a transaction permitted under this Indenture,
(6) any facility that combines any Indebtedness under clauses (1), (2), (3), (4) or (5) of this definition and (7) any
refinancing of the Indebtedness under clauses (1), (2), (3), (4), (5) or (6) of this definition and advanced to the Issuer or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries based upon, and secured by, Servicing Advances, mortgage related securities or derivatives, loans,
MSRs, consumer receivables, REO Assets, Residual Interests or other similar assets (or any interests in the foregoing) existing on the
Issue Date or created or acquired thereafter, provided, however, that solely as of the date of the incurrence of such Permitted Funding
Indebtedness, the amount of any excess (determined as of the most recent date for which internal financial statements are available) of
(x) the amount of any Indebtedness incurred in accordance with this clause (7) for which the holder thereof has contractual
recourse to the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries to satisfy claims with respect thereto (excluding recourse for matters such as fraud,
misappropriation, breaches of representations, warranties and covenants and misapplication and customary indemnities in connection with
similar transaction) over (y) the aggregate (without duplication of amounts) Realizable Value of the assets that secure such Indebtedness
shall not be Permitted Funding Indebtedness (but shall not be deemed to be a new incurrence of Indebtedness subject to Section 10.11,
except with respect to, and solely to the extent of, any such excess that exists upon the initial incurrence of such Indebtedness incurred
under this clause (7) which excess shall be entitled to be incurred pursuant to any other provision under Section 10.11). The
amount of any Permitted Funding Indebtedness shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Indebtedness.

Permitted Holders means each
of (1) the Investors, (2) any Permitted Parent and (3) any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of
the Exchange Act) of which any of the Persons described in clause (1) or (2) above or any Permitted Holder specified in the
last sentence of this definition are members and any member of such group; provided, that, in the case of such group and without giving
effect to the existence of such group or any other group, such Investors, Permitted Parent and Person or group specified in the last sentence
of this definition, collectively, own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to
vote for the election of directors of the Issuer having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of the Issuer held by such group
and (3) any Permitted Parent. Any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of
the Exchange Act) whose acquisition of beneficial ownership constitutes a Change of Control will thereafter, together with its Affiliates,
constitute an additional Permitted Holder; provided that if a Change of Control Triggering Event Offer is required in connection with
such Change of Control, a Change of Control Triggering Event Offer or Alternate Offer shall have been made in accordance with the requirements
of this Indenture.

Permitted Investments means:

(1)any
Investment in the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (including guarantees of obligations of its Restricted Subsidiaries);

(2)any
Investment in cash and Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities;

-36-

(3)any
Investment by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a Person (including, to the extent constituting an Investment, in assets
of a Person that represent all or substantially all of its assets or a division, business unit, product line or line of business, including
research and development and related assets in respect of any product) that is engaged directly or through entities that will be Restricted
Subsidiaries in a Similar Business if as a result of such Investment:

(a)such
Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; or

(b)such
Person, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, is merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into, or transfers or conveys
all or substantially all of its assets (or such division, business unit, product line or business) to, or is liquidated into, the Issuer
or a Restricted Subsidiary;

and, in each case, any Investment held by such Person; provided
that such Investment was not acquired by such Person in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, transfer
or conveyance;

(4)any
Investment in securities or other assets (including earn-outs) not constituting cash, Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities
and received in connection with an Asset Sale made pursuant to Section 10.17 or any other disposition of assets not constituting
an Asset Sale;

(5)any
Investment existing on the Issue Date or made pursuant to binding commitments in effect on the Issue Date or an Investment consisting
of any extension, modification, replacement, reinvestment or renewal of any such Investment existing on the Issue Date or binding commitment
in effect on the Issue Date; provided that the amount of any such Investment may be increased in such extension, modification, replacement,
reinvestment or renewal only (a) as required by the terms of such Investment or binding commitment as in existence on the Issue Date
(including as a result of the accrual or accretion of interest or original issue discount or the issuance of pay-in-kind securities) or
(b) as otherwise permitted under this Indenture;

(6)any
Investment acquired by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries:

(a)in
exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable, endorsements for collection or deposit held by the Issuer or any Restricted
Subsidiary in connection with or as a result of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or recapitalization of the issuer of such other
Investment or accounts receivable, endorsements for collection or deposit;

(b)in
satisfaction of judgments against other Persons;

(c)as
a result of a foreclosure by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer
of title with respect to any secured Investment in default; or

(d)received
in compromise or resolution of (A) obligations of trade creditors, suppliers or customers that were incurred in the ordinary course
of business of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or consistent with past practice or industry norm, including pursuant to any plan
of reorganization or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of any trade creditor, supplier or customer, or (B) litigation,
arbitration or other disputes;

(7)Hedging
Obligations permitted under Section 10.11(b)(14);

(8)any
Investment in a Similar Business having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this
clause (8) that are at that time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (x) $370.0 million and (y) 9.5% of Consolidated
Tangible Net Worth at the time of such Investment (in each case, determined on the date such Investment is made, with the fair market
value of each Investment being measured at the time made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value); provided, however,
that if any Investment pursuant to this clause (8) is made in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary at the date of
the making of such Investment and such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be deemed
to have been made pursuant to clause (1) above and shall cease to have been made pursuant to this clause (8);

-37-

(9)Investments
the payment for which consists of Equity Interests (exclusive of Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or any Parent Entity or any Unrestricted
Subsidiary; provided, however, that such Equity Interests will not increase the amount available for Restricted Payments under Section 10.10(a)(3);

(10)guarantees
of Indebtedness permitted under Section 10.11, performance guarantees, leases or subleases (other than Capitalized Lease Obligations)
and Contingent Obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm and the creation
of Liens on the assets of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in compliance with Section 10.12;

(11)any
transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is permitted by and made in accordance with Section 10.13(b) (except
transactions described in Section 10.13(b)(2), (3), (5) and (9));

(12)any
Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies, material or equipment or other similar assets, or the licensing
or contribution of intellectual property pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons;

(13)additional
Investments having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (13) that
are at that time outstanding (without giving effect to the sale of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent the proceeds of such sale
do not consist of cash or marketable securities), not to exceed the greater of (x) $425.0 million and (y) 11.0% of Consolidated
Tangible Net Worth; provided, however, that if any Investment pursuant to this clause (13) is made in any Person that is not a Restricted
Subsidiary at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after such date, such Investment
shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (1) above and shall cease to have been made pursuant to this
clause (13);

(14)Investments
by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in Securitization Entities, Warehouse Facility Trusts, MSR Facility Trusts, Investments
in mortgage related securities or charge-off receivables in the ordinary course of business;

(15)Investments
arising out of purchases of all remaining outstanding asset-backed securities issued by any Securitization Entity and/or Securitization
Assets of any Securitization Entity in the ordinary course of business or for the purpose of relieving the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the
Issuer of the administrative expense of servicing such Securitization Entity;

(16)Investments
in MSRs (including in the form of repurchases of MSRs);

(17)Investments
in Residual Interests in connection with any Securitization, Warehouse Facility or MSR Facility;

-38-

(18)Investments
by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in the form of loans extended to non-Affiliate borrowers in connection with any loan origination
business of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;

(19)Investments
in and making or origination of Servicing Advances, residential or commercial mortgage loans and Securitization Assets (whether or not
made in conjunction with the acquisition of MSRs) (including in the form of repurchases of any of the foregoing);

(20)purchases
of mortgage backed securities or similar debt instruments related to a Similar Business;

(21)Investments
in or guarantees of Indebtedness of one or more entities the sole purpose of which is to originate, acquire, securitize and/or sell loans
that are purchased, insured, guaranteed or securitized by any Specified Government Entity; provided that the aggregate amount of (1) Investments
in such entities plus (2) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of such entities that are not Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries
which is recourse to the Issuer or any Guarantor shall not exceed an amount equal to 10% of the Issuers GAAP book equity as of
any date of determination;

(22)loans
and advances to, or guarantees of Indebtedness of, officers, directors, managers, employees and consultants of the Issuer, any of its
Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity not in excess of the greater of (x) $40.0 million and (y) 1.0% of Consolidated Tangible Net
Worth outstanding at any one time, in the aggregate;

(23)loans
and advances to, or guarantees of Indebtedness of, officers, directors, managers, employees and consultants of the Issuer, any of its
Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity for business-related travel expenses, moving or relocation expenses, payroll advances and other analogous
or similar expenses or payroll expenses, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or
industry norm, or to fund such Persons purchase of Equity Interests of the Issuer, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Entity;

(24)advances,
loans or extensions of trade credit (including the creation of receivables) or prepayments to suppliers or lessors or loans or advances
made to distributors, and performance guarantees, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice by
the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or industry norm;

(25)Investments
consisting of purchases and acquisitions of assets or services in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or
industry norm;

(26)repurchases
of the Notes;

(27)Investments
in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3
endorsements for collection or deposit and Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past practices or
industry norm;

-39-

(28)Investments
in Unrestricted Subsidiaries having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (28)
that are at the time outstanding, without giving effect to the sale of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent the proceeds of such sale
do not consist of cash or marketable securities, not to exceed the greater of (x) $210.0 million and (y) 5.5% of Consolidated
Tangible Net Worth at the time of such Investment (with the fair market value of each Investment being measured at the time made and without
giving effect to subsequent changes in value); provided, however, that if any Investment pursuant to this clause (28) is made in
any Person that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary
after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (1) above and shall cease to
have been made pursuant to this clause (28);

(29)[reserved];

(30)Investments
of assets relating to non-qualified deferred payment plans in the ordinary course of business;

(31)any
Investment in any Subsidiary or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements or related activities arising
in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm;

(32)contributions
to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees, directors, managers, consultants, independent contractors or other service
providers or other grantor trust subject to claims of creditors in the case of a bankruptcy of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary;

(33)any
Co-Investment Transaction;

(34)non-cash
Investments in connection with tax planning and reorganization activities; and

(35)any
other Investment; provided that on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Investment the Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated
Tangible Net Worth Ratio would be equal to or less than 2.25 to 1.00.

For purposes of determining compliance
with this definition, in the event that a proposed Investment (or a portion thereof) meets the criteria of clauses (1) through (35)
above, the Issuer will be entitled to divide or classify or later divide or reclassify (based on circumstances existing on the date of
such reclassification) such Investment (or a portion thereof) between such clauses (1) through (35) in any manner that otherwise
complies with this definition.

Permitted Liens means, with
respect to any Person:

(1)Liens
for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges that are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or not yet payable or
subject to penalties for nonpayment or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted, if adequate
reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP, or for property taxes on property
the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries has determined to abandon if the sole recourse for such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim is
to such property;

(2)Liens
imposed by law or regulation, such as landlords, carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, suppliers, materialmens,
repairmens, architects or construction contractors Liens and other similar Liens that secure amounts not overdue
for a period of more than 60 days or, if more than 60 days overdue, are unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce
such Liens or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions or other Liens arising out of judgments or awards against
such Person with respect to which such Person shall then be proceeding with an appeal or other proceeding for review, if adequate reserves
with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP;

-40-

(3)Liens
incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm (a) in connection
with workers compensation, unemployment insurance, employers health tax, and other social security or similar legislation
or other insurance related obligations (including, but not limited to, in respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums
and adjustments thereto) and (b) securing reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters
of credit or bank guarantees or similar instruments for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance
to such Person or otherwise supporting the payment of items set forth in the foregoing clause (a);

(4)Liens
incurred or deposits made to secure the performance of bids, tenders, trade contracts, governmental contracts, leases, public or statutory
obligations, surety, indemnity, warranty, release, appeal or similar bonds or with respect to other regulatory requirements, completion
guarantees, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds, bankers acceptance facilities and other obligations of a like nature
(including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations), deposits as security for contested taxes or import duties or
for payment of rent, performance and return of money bonds and obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar
instruments that have been posted to support the same, incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or
industry norm;

(5)minor
survey exceptions, minor encumbrances, easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, rights-of-way, servitudes, sewers, electric
lines, drains, telegraph, telephone and cable television lines and other similar purposes, or zoning, building codes or other restrictions
(including minor defects and irregularities in title and similar encumbrances) as to the use of real properties or Liens incidental to
the conduct of the business of such Person or to the ownership of its properties which were not incurred in connection with Indebtedness
and other similar charges or encumbrances in respect of real property which do not in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary
conduct of the business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(6)Liens securing, or otherwise arising from, judgments not
constituting an Event of Default under Section 5.01(5);

(7)Liens
on goods the purchase price of which is financed by a documentary letter of credit issued for the account of the Issuer or any of its
Subsidiaries or Liens on bills of lading, drafts or other documents of title arising by operation of law or pursuant to the standard terms
of agreements relating to letters of credit, bank guarantees and other similar instruments, provided that such Lien secures only the obligations
of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such letter of credit to the extent such obligations are permitted under Section 10.11
and Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds of any Person securing such Persons accounts payable or similar
trade obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or documentary letters of credit issued or created for the account of such
Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods;

-41-

(8)rights
of set-off, bankers liens, netting agreements and other Liens arising by operation of law or by the terms of documents of banks
or other financial institutions in relation to the maintenance of administration of deposit accounts, securities accounts, cash management
arrangements or in connection with the issuance of letters of credit, bank guarantees or other similar instruments;

(9)Liens
arising from Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, including precautionary financing statements, or any similar filings made in
respect of operating leases or consignments entered into by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or dispositions of assets;

(10)Liens
securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Credit Facilities, including any letter of credit facility relating thereto, that
was permitted by the terms of this Indenture to be incurred pursuant to Section 10.11(b)(1);

(11)Liens
existing on the Issue Date;

(12)Liens
securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to clauses (3), (5), (9), (16), (17), (19), (22), (23), (28) and (34) of Section 10.11(b);
provided that (a) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 10.11(b)(5) extend only to the
assets purchased with the proceeds of such Indebtedness, accessions to such assets and the proceeds and products thereof; provided, further,
that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by
such lender; (b) Liens securing Obligations relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 10.11(b)(17)
relate only to Obligations relating to Refinancing Indebtedness that (x) is secured by Liens on the same assets as the assets that
secured the Indebtedness being refinanced or (y) extends, replaces, refunds, refinances, renews or defeases Indebtedness incurred
or Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock issued under Sections 10.11(b)(4) (solely to the extent such Indebtedness was secured by
a Lien prior to such refinancing), 10.11(b)(5) or 10.11(b)(16) (solely to the extent such Indebtedness was secured by a Lien prior
to such refinancing); (c) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 10.11(b)(22) extend only
to the assets of the Restricted Subsidiaries that are incurring such Indebtedness; (d) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be
incurred pursuant to Section 10.11(b)(23) are solely on acquired property or extend only to the assets of the acquired entity, as
the case may be, and the proceeds and products thereof and (e) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant Section 10.11(b)(28)
are solely on the assets of the Services Business;

(13)Liens
securing Permitted Funding Indebtedness so long as any such Lien shall encumber only (x) the assets acquired, funded or originated
with the proceeds of such Indebtedness, assets that consist of Servicing Advances, MSRs, loans, mortgages and other secured loans, mortgage
related securities and derivatives and other mortgage related receivables, REO Assets, Residual Interests and other similar assets (or
any interests in any of the foregoing) subject to and pledged to secure such Indebtedness and (y) any intangible contract rights
and proceeds of, and other accounts, documents, records and assets directly related to, the assets set forth in the foregoing clause (x);

(14)(a) Liens
on Servicing Advances, any intangible contract rights and other documents, records and assets directly related to the foregoing assets
and any proceeds thereof securing Permitted Securitization Indebtedness or Non-Recourse Indebtedness, and (b) Liens on Securitization
Assets, any intangible contract rights and other accounts, documents, records and assets directly related to the forgoing assets and the
proceeds thereof incurred in connection with Permitted Securitization Indebtedness or permitted guarantees thereof;

-42-

(15)Liens
on spread accounts and credit enhancement assets, Liens on the stock of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Issuer substantially all of the
assets of which are spread accounts and credit enhancement assets and Liens on interests in Securitization Entities, in each case incurred
in connection with Credit Enhancement Agreements;

(16)Liens
on Servicing Advances, mortgage loans or MSRs or any part thereof and any intangible contract rights and other accounts, documents, records
and property directly related to the foregoing assets and any proceeds thereof, in each case that are the subject of an Excess Spread
Sale or an MSR Facility entered into in the ordinary course of business securing obligations under such Excess Spread Sale or MSR Facility;

(17)leases,
licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others that do not (a) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Issuer
and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (b) secure any Indebtedness;

(18)Liens
in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation
of goods;

(19)Liens
(a) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code or any comparable or successor provision
on items in the course of collection, (b) attaching to pooling, commodity trading accounts or other commodity brokerage accounts
incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm and (c) in favor of a banking or other
financial institution or electronic payment service providers arising as a matter of law or under general terms and conditions encumbering
deposits (including the right of setoff) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking or finance industry;

(20)Liens
(a) on cash advances or escrow deposits in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted under this
Indenture to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or otherwise in connection with any escrow arrangements with respect
to any such Investment (including any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to such investment), and (b) consisting
of an agreement to sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any property in a transaction permitted under Section 10.17 or which
does not constitute an Asset Sale, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or sale, disposition, transfer or lease, as the
case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien;

(21)Liens
existing on the property at the time of its acquisition (by a merger, consolidation or amalgamation or otherwise) or existing on the property
or shares of stock or other assets of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary, in each case after the Issue Date; provided
that (a) such Lien was not created in contemplation of such acquisition (by a merger, consolidation or amalgamation or otherwise)
or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, (b) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets or property of the Issuer or any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than assets and property affixed or appurtenant thereto and the proceeds or products thereof and other than
after-acquired property subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness
and other obligations are permitted under this Indenture that require or include, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired
property, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not
have applied but for such acquisition) and (c) any Indebtedness secured thereby is permitted under Section 10.11;

-43-

(22)any
interest or title of a lessor under leases (other than leases constituting Capitalized Lease Obligations) entered into by the Issuer or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm;

(23)Liens
arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale or purchase of goods by the Issuer or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm;

(24)Liens
deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase agreements permitted under clause (5) of the definition of Cash
Equivalents;

(25)Liens
encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other
brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(26)Liens
that are contractual rights of setoff or rights of pledge (a) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks not
given in connection with the incurrence of Indebtedness, (b) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts to permit satisfaction
of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice of the Issuer and its
Restricted Subsidiaries or industry norm or (c) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the
Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm;

(27)ground
leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Issuer or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries are located;

(28)(a) Liens
on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto or (b) deposits made or
other security provided to secure liabilities to insurance carriers under insurance or self-insurance arrangements in the ordinary course
of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm;

(29)Liens
on cash and Permitted Investments used to satisfy or discharge Indebtedness; provided such satisfaction or discharge is permitted
under this Indenture;

(30)receipt
of progress payments and advances from customers in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm
to the extent the same creates a Lien on the related inventory and proceeds thereof;

(31)Liens
securing Hedging Obligations and the costs thereof;

(32)Liens
securing Obligations relating to any Indebtedness or other obligations of a Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Issuer or another Restricted
Subsidiary;

(33)Liens
in favor of the Issuer or any Guarantor or the Trustee;

(34)Liens
on vehicles or equipment of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries granted in the ordinary course of business;

-44-

(35)Liens
to secure any modification, refinancing, refunding, restatement, exchange, extension, renewal or replacement (or successive refinancing,
refunding, restatement, exchange, extensions, renewals or replacements) as a whole, or in part, of any Indebtedness secured by any Lien
referred to in clauses (10), (11), (12), (20), (21), (40) and (41) of this definition; provided, however, that (a) such new Lien
shall be limited to all or part of the same property that secured the original Lien (plus accessions, additions and improvements on such
property, including after-acquired property that is (i) affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (ii) after-acquired
property subject to a Lien securing such Indebtedness, the terms of which Indebtedness require or include a pledge of after-acquired property
(it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied
but for such acquisition) and (iii) the proceeds and products thereof) and (b) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such
time is not increased to any amount greater than the sum of (x) the outstanding principal amount or, if greater, committed amount
of the Indebtedness described under clauses (10), (11), (12), (20), (21), (40) and (41) of this definition at the time the original Lien
became a Permitted Lien under this Indenture, and (y) an amount necessary to pay accrued but unpaid interest on such Indebtedness
and any dividend, premium (including tender premiums), defeasance costs, underwriting discounts and any fees, costs and expenses (including
original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees) incurred in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, extension,
renewal or replacement;

(36)other
Liens securing Indebtedness (including Capitalized Lease Obligations) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $160.0
million and (y) 4.25% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth at any one time outstanding, with the amount determined on the dates of
incurrence of such obligations;

(37)any
encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to Capital Stock of any joint venture or similar arrangement
pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement;

(38)Liens
on Equity Interests of an Unrestricted Subsidiary that secure Indebtedness or other obligations of such Unrestricted Subsidiary;

(39)agreements
to subordinate any interest of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in any accounts receivable or other proceeds arising from inventory
consigned by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent
with past practice or industry norm;

(40) Liens on property or assets used
to defease or to irrevocably satisfy and discharge Indebtedness; provided that such defeasance or satisfaction and discharge is not prohibited
by this Indenture;

(41) Liens securing the Notes (other
than any Additional Notes) and the related Guarantees;

(42)any
amounts held by a trustee in the funds and accounts under an indenture securing any revenue bonds issued for the benefit of the Issuer
or any Restricted Subsidiary;

(43)security
given to a public utility or any municipality or governmental authority when required by such utility or authority in connection with
the operations of that Person in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm;

-45-

(44)Liens
solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent
or purchase agreement permitted by this Indenture; and

(45)Liens
relating to future escrow arrangements securing Indebtedness, including (i) Liens on escrowed proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness
for the benefit of the related holders of debt securities or other Indebtedness (or the underwriters, arrangers, trustee or collateral
agent thereof) and (ii) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents set aside at the time of the incurrence of any Indebtedness, in either
case to the extent such cash or Cash Equivalents prefund the payment of interest or premium or discount on such Indebtedness (or any costs
related to the issuance of such Indebtedness) and are held in an escrow account or similar arrangement to be applied for such purpose.

For purposes of determining compliance with this
definition, (A) a Lien need not be incurred solely by reference to one category of Permitted Liens described in this definition but
are permitted to be incurred in part under any combination thereof and of any other available exemption and (B) in the event that
a Lien (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of one or more of the categories of Permitted Liens, Issuer shall, in its sole
discretion, classify or reclassify such Lien (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this definition.

For purposes of this definition, the term Indebtedness
shall be deemed to include interest on such Indebtedness.

Permitted MSR Indebtedness means
MSR Indebtedness; provided, that solely as of the date of the incurrence of such MSR Indebtedness, the amount of any excess (determined
as of the most recent date for which internal financial statements are available) of (x) the amount of any such MSR Indebtedness
for which the holder thereof has contractual recourse to the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries to satisfy claims with respect to such
MSR Indebtedness (excluding recourse for matters such as fraud, misappropriation, breaches of representations, warranties and covenants
and misapplication and customary indemnities in connection with similar transaction) over (y) the aggregate (without duplication
of amounts) Realizable Value of the assets that secure such MSR Indebtedness shall not be Permitted MSR Indebtedness (but shall not be
deemed to be a new incurrence of Indebtedness subject to Section 10.11, except with respect to, and solely to the extent of, any
such excess that exists upon the initial incurrence of such Indebtedness which excess shall be entitled to be incurred pursuant to any
other provisions under Section 10.11). The amount of any particular Permitted MSR Indebtedness as of any date of determination shall
be calculated in accordance with GAAP.

Permitted Parent means (a) any
Parent Entity that at the time it became a Parent Entity of the Issuer was a Permitted Holder pursuant to clause (1) of the definition
thereof, and was not formed in connection with, or in contemplation of, a transaction that would otherwise constitute a Change of Control
and (b) any Public Company (or Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of such Public Company), except to the extent (and until such time as) any
Person or group is deemed to be or becomes a beneficial owner of Voting Stock of such Public Company representing more than 50% of the
total voting power of the Voting Stock of such Public Company (as determined in accordance with the provisions of the final paragraph
of the definition of Change of Control).

Permitted Residual Indebtedness
means any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries under a Residual Funding Facility; provided that solely as of the date
of the incurrence of such Permitted Residual Indebtedness, the amount of any excess (determined as of the most recent date for which internal
financial statements are available) of (x) the amount of any such Permitted Residual Indebtedness for which the holder thereof has
contractual recourse to the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries to satisfy claims with respect to such Permitted Residual Indebtedness
(excluding recourse for matters such as fraud, misappropriation, breaches of representations, warranties and covenants and misapplication
and customary indemnities in connection with similar transaction) over (y) the aggregate (without duplication of amounts) Realizable
Value of the assets that secure such Permitted Residual Indebtedness shall be deemed not to be Permitted Residual Indebtedness (but shall
not be deemed to be a new incurrence of Indebtedness subject to Section 10.11, except with respect to, and solely to the extent of,
any such excess that exists upon the initial incurrence of such Indebtedness which excess shall be entitled to be incurred pursuant to
any other provisions under Section 10.11).

-46-

Permitted Securitization Indebtedness
means Securitization Indebtedness; provided that (1) in connection with any Securitization, any Warehouse Indebtedness or MSR Indebtedness
used to finance the purchase, origination or pooling of any Receivables subject to such Securitization is repaid in connection with such
Securitization to the extent of the net proceeds received by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries from the applicable Securitization
Entity, and (2) solely as of the date of the incurrence of such Permitted Securitization Indebtedness, the amount of any excess (determined
as of the most recent date for which internal financial statements are available) of (x) the amount of any such Securitization Indebtedness
for which the holder thereof has contractual recourse to the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries to satisfy claims with respect to such
Securitization Indebtedness (excluding recourse for matters such as fraud, misappropriation, breaches of representations, warranties and
covenants and misapplication and customary indemnities in connection with similar transaction) over (y) the aggregate (without duplication
of amounts) Realizable Value of the assets that secure such Securitization Indebtedness shall not be Permitted Securitization Indebtedness
(but shall not be deemed to be a new incurrence of Indebtedness subject to Section 10.11, except with respect to, and solely to the
extent of, any such excess that exists upon the initial incurrence of such Indebtedness which excess shall be entitled to be incurred
pursuant to any other provisions under Section 10.11).

Permitted Servicing Advance Facility Indebtedness
means any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries incurred under a Servicing Advance Facility; provided, however, that solely
as of the date of the incurrence of such Permitted Servicing Advance Facility Indebtedness, the amount of any excess (determined as of
the most recent date for which internal financial statements are available) of (x) the amount of any such Permitted Servicing Advance
Facility Indebtedness for which the holder thereof has contractual recourse to the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries to satisfy claims
with respect to such Permitted Servicing Advance Facility Indebtedness (excluding recourse for matters such as fraud, misappropriation,
breaches of representations, warranties and covenants and misapplication and customary indemnities in connection with similar transaction)
over (y) the aggregate (without duplication of amounts) Realizable Value of the assets that secure such Permitted Servicing Advance
Facility Indebtedness shall not be Permitted Servicing Advance Facility Indebtedness (but shall not be deemed to be a new incurrence of
Indebtedness subject to Section 10.11, except with respect to, and solely to the extent of, any such excess that exists upon the
initial incurrence of such Indebtedness under a Servicing Advance Facility which excess shall be entitled to be incurred pursuant to any
other provisions under Section 10.11).

Permitted Warehouse Indebtedness
means Warehouse Indebtedness; provided, that solely as of the date of the incurrence of such Warehouse Indebtedness, the amount of any
excess (determined as of the most recent date for which internal financial statements are available) of (x) the amount of any such
Warehouse Indebtedness for which the holder thereof has contractual recourse to the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries to satisfy claims
with respect to such Warehouse Indebtedness (excluding recourse for matters such as fraud, misappropriation, breaches of representations,
warranties and covenants and misapplication and customary indemnities in connection with similar transaction) over (y) the aggregate
(without duplication of amounts) Realizable Value of the assets that secure such Warehouse Indebtedness shall not be Permitted Warehouse
Indebtedness (but shall not be deemed to be a new incurrence of Indebtedness subject to Section 10.11, except with respect to, and
solely to the extent of, any such excess that exists upon the initial incurrence of such Indebtedness which excess shall be entitled to
be incurred pursuant to any other provisions under Section 10.11). The amount of any particular Permitted Warehouse Indebtedness
as of any date of determination shall be calculated in accordance with GAAP.

-47-

Permitted Warrant Transaction
means any call options, warrants or rights to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transactions) on common stock of the Issuer
or any Parent Entity sold by the Issuer or any Parent Entity substantially concurrently with a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction.

Person means any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership (including limited partnership), joint venture, association, joint stock company,
trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.

Position Representation has
the meaning specified in Section 5.01 of this Indenture.

Predecessor Note of any particular
Note means every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the purposes
of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 3.06 in exchange for a mutilated Note or in lieu of a
destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note.

Preferred Stock means any Equity
Interest with preferential rights of payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up.

Protected Purchaser has the
meaning specified in Section 3.06 of this Indenture.

Public Company means any Person
with a class or series of Voting Stock that is traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq, the London Stock Exchange or the Toronto
Stock Exchange.

Purchase Money Obligations means
any Indebtedness incurred to finance or refinance the acquisition, leasing, construction or improvement of property (real or personal)
or assets (other than Capital Stock), and whether acquired through the direct acquisition of such property or assets, or otherwise (including
through the purchase of Capital Stock of any Person owning such property or assets).

Rating Agency means (1) S&P,
Moodys and Fitch or (2) if S&P, Moodys or Fitch or each of them shall not make a corporate rating with respect
to the Issuer or a rating on the Notes publicly available, a nationally recognized statistical rating agency or agencies (each, a Substitute
Rating Agency), as the case may be, selected by the Issuer, which shall be substituted for any or all of S&P, Moodys
or Fitch, as the case may be, with respect to such corporate rating or the rating of the Notes, as the case may be.

Rating Category means (1) with
respect to Fitch or S&P, any of the following categories: BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with
respect to Moodys, any of the following categories: a, B, Caa, Ca, C and D (or equivalent successor categories); and (3) the
equivalent of any such category of S&P, Moodys or Fitch used by any Substitute Rating Agency that may be selected by the Issuers
in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Rating Agency. In determining whether the rating of the Notes has decreased by
one or more gradations, gradations within Rating Categories ((i) + andfor S&P and Fitch; (ii) 1, 2 and 3 for Moodys;
and (iii) the equivalent gradations for another Rating Agency selected by the Issuers) shall be taken into account (e.g., with respect
to S&P, a decline in a rating from BB+ to BB, or from BB- to B+, will constitute a decrease of one gradation).

-48-

Rating Date means the date on
which the Issuer first publicly announces the occurrence of a Change of Control.

Rating Decline with respect
to the Notes shall be deemed to occur if, on the 60th day after the occurrence of a Change of Control, the rating of the Notes by at least
two of the Rating Agencies shall have been decreased by one or more gradations to or within a Rating Category (including gradations within
Rating Categories as well as between Rating Categories) as compared to the rating of the Notes on the Rating Date; provided, however,
that a Rating Decline otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of
a particular Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Rating Decline for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Triggering
Event) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not each announce or confirm
to the Issuer in writing at the Issuers request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance
comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control
has occurred at the time of the Rating Decline).

Realizable Value of an asset
means (1) with respect to any REO Asset, the value realizable upon the disposition of such asset as determined by the Issuer in its
reasonable discretion and consistent with customary industry practice and (2) with respect to any other asset, the market value of
such asset as determined by the Issuer in accordance with the agreement governing the applicable Permitted Servicing Advance Facility
Indebtedness, Permitted Warehouse Indebtedness, Permitted MSR Indebtedness, Permitted Funding Indebtedness, Permitted Securitization Indebtedness
or Permitted Residual Indebtedness, as the case may be, (or, if such agreement does not contain any related provision, as determined by
senior management of the Issuer in good faith); provided, however, that the realizable value of any asset described in clause (1) or
(2) above which an unaffiliated third party has a binding contractual commitment to purchase from the Issuer or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries shall be the minimum price payable to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary for such asset pursuant to such contractual
commitment.

Receivables means loans and
other mortgage-related receivables (including Servicing Receivables and MSRs but excluding Residual Interests and net interest margin
securities) purchased or originated by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer or, with respect to Servicing Receivables
and MSRs, otherwise arising in the ordinary course of business; provided, however, that for purposes of determining the amount of a Receivable
at any time, such amount shall be determined in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, as of the most recent practicable date.

Redemption Date has the meaning
specified in Section 11.01(a) of this Indenture.

Redemption Price, when used
with respect to any Note to be redeemed, means the price at which it is to be redeemed pursuant to this Indenture.

refinance has the meaning specified
in Section 10.11(b)(17) of this Indenture.

Refinancing Indebtedness has
the meaning specified in Section 10.11(b)(17) of this Indenture.

-49-

Refunding Capital Stock has
the meaning specified in Section 10.10(b)(2)(A) of this Indenture.

Regular Record Date has the
meaning specified in Section 3.01 of this Indenture.

Related Business Assets means
assets (other than cash or Cash Equivalents) used or useful in a Similar Business; provided that any assets received by the Issuer or
a Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for assets transferred by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed to be Related
Business Assets if they consist of securities of a Person, unless upon receipt of the securities of such Person, such Person would become
a Restricted Subsidiary.

Relevant Condition means, at
any date of determination, Total Shareholders Equity is at least $3,200.0 million.

REO Asset of a Person means
a real estate asset owned by such Person and acquired as a result of the foreclosure or other enforcement of a lien on such asset securing
a Servicing Advance or loans and other mortgage-related receivables.

Required Asset Sale means any
Asset Sale that is a result of a repurchase right or obligation or a mandatory sale right or obligation related to (1) MSRs, (2) pools
or portfolios of MSRs, or (3) the Capital Stock of any Person that holds MSRs or pools or portfolios of MSRs, which rights or obligations
are either in existence on the Issue Date (or substantially similar in nature to such rights or obligations in existence on the Issue
Date) or pursuant to the guidelines or regulations of a Specified Government Entity.

Residual Funding Facility means
any funding arrangement with a financial institution or institutions or other lenders or purchasers under which advances are made to the
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary secured by Residual Interests.

Residual Interests means any
residual, subordinated, reserve accounts and retained ownership interest held by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer in
Securitization Entities, Warehouse Facility Trusts and/or MSR Facility Trusts, regardless of whether required to appear on the face of
the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP.

Responsible Officer means any
vice president, any trust officer, any senior associate or any associate, or any other officer of the Trustee within the Corporate Trust
Office customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers, and also means, with respect
to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of his knowledge of and familiarity
with the particular subject and, in each case, who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

Restricted Investment means
an Investment other than a Permitted Investment.

Restricted Payments has the
meaning specified in Section 10.10(a) of this Indenture.

Restricted Subsidiary means,
at any time, any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer (including any Foreign Subsidiary) that is not then an Unrestricted Subsidiary;
provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an Unrestricted Subsidiary ceasing to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall
be included in the definition of Restricted Subsidiary.

Reversion Date has the meaning
specified in Section 10.18(a) of this Indenture.

-50-

S&P means S&P Global
Ratings Inc. and any successor to its rating agency business.

Sale and Lease-Back Transaction
means any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any real property
or tangible personal property, which property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary to
such Person in contemplation of such leasing.

Screened Affiliate means any
Affiliate of a Holder (i) that makes investment decisions independently from such Holder and any other Affiliate of such Holder that
is not a Screened Affiliate and (ii) that has in place customary information screens between it and such Holder and any other Affiliate
of such Holder that is not a Screened Affiliate and such screens prohibit the sharing of information with respect to the Issuer or its
Subsidiaries.

SEC means the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission.

Second Change of Control Triggering Event
Payment Date has the meaning specified in Section 10.16(f) of this Indenture.

Secured Indebtedness means any
Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by a Lien.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

Securitization means a public
or private transfer, sale or financing of (1) Servicing Advances, (2) MSRs, (3) mortgage loans, (4) installment contracts,
(5) deferred servicing fees, (6) warehouse loans secured by mortgage loans, (7) mortgage related securities, including
interest only securities and/or (8) other loans and other similar assets (or any interest in any of the foregoing) and any other
asset capable of being securitized (clauses (1) through (8), collectively, the Securitization Assets) by which
the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries directly or indirectly securitizes a pool of specified Securitization Assets including,
without limitation, any such transaction involving the sale of specified Securitization Assets to a Securitization Entity or a Specified
Government Entity (including a Securitization Entity established by such Specified Government Entity).

Securitization Assets has the
meaning given to such term in the definition of Securitization.

Securitization Entity means
(1) any Person (whether or not a Subsidiary of the Issuer) established for the purpose of issuing asset-backed or mortgaged-backed
or mortgage pass-through securities of any kind (including collateralized mortgage obligations and net interest margin securities), (2) any
special purpose Subsidiary of the Issuer established for the purpose of selling, depositing or contributing Securitization Assets into
a Person described in clause (1) or holding securities in any related Securitization Entity, regardless of whether such Person is
an issuer of securities; provided that such Person is not an obligor with respect to any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor and
(3) any special purpose Subsidiary of the Issuer formed exclusively for the purpose of satisfying the requirements of Credit Enhancement
Agreements and regardless of whether such Subsidiary is an issuer of securities; provided that such Person is not an obligor with respect
to any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor other than under Credit Enhancement Agreements.

Securitization Indebtedness
means (1) Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred pursuant to on-balance sheet Securitizations
treated as financings and (2) any Indebtedness consisting of advances made to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries based
upon securities issued by a Securitization Entity pursuant to a Securitization and acquired or retained by the Issuer or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries.

-51-

Senior Indebtedness means:

(1)all
Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor outstanding under the Existing Facilities or Notes and related Guarantees (including interest
accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or similar proceeding or for reorganization of the Issuer or any Guarantor
(at the rate provided for in the documentation with respect thereto, regardless of whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is
allowed in such proceedings)), and any and all other fees, expense reimbursement obligations, indemnification amounts, penalties, and
other amounts (whether existing on the Issue Date or thereafter created or incurred) and all obligations of the Issuer or any Guarantor
to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under letters of credit, acceptances or other similar instruments;

(2)all
(x) Hedging Obligations (and guarantees thereof) and (y) Cash Management Obligations (and guarantees thereof), provided that
such Hedging Obligations and Cash Management Obligations, as the case may be, are permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Indenture;

(3)any
other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Indenture, unless the instrument under
which such Indebtedness is incurred expressly provides that it is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or any related Guarantee;
and

(4)all
Obligations with respect to the items listed in the preceding clauses (1), (2) and (3);

provided, however, that Senior Indebtedness shall not include:

(a)any
obligation of such Person to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries;

(b)any
liability for federal, state, local or other taxes owed or owing by such Person;

(c)any
accounts payable or other liability to trade creditors arising in the ordinary course of business;

(d)any
Indebtedness or other Obligation of such Person which is subordinate or junior in right of payment to any other Indebtedness or other
Obligation of such Person; or

(e)that
portion of any Indebtedness which at the time of incurrence is incurred in violation of this Indenture.

Services Business means a Person
to which the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries contributes one or more Subsidiaries or other assets that provides one or more
services other than mortgage servicing or loan origination, including but not limited to one or more of REO Assets, field services, valuation
and title services and recovery services, after which contribution the Services Business shall be deemed to include such Person and its
Subsidiaries.

-52-

Servicing Advances means (x) advances
made by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in its capacity as servicer or any predecessor servicer of any mortgage-related
receivables to fund principal, interest, escrow, foreclosure, insurance, tax or other payments or advances when the borrower on the underlying
receivable is delinquent in making payments on such receivable to enforce remedies or manage or liquidate REO Assets or (y) that
the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries otherwise advances in its capacity as servicer or any predecessor servicer.

Servicing Advance Facility means
any funding arrangement with lenders collateralized in whole or in part by obligations related to Servicing Advances under which advances
are made to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries based on such collateral.

Servicing Receivables means
rights to collections under mortgage-related receivables, or other rights to reimbursement of Servicing Advances that the Issuer or a
Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer has made in the ordinary course of business and on customary industry terms.

Short Derivative Instrument
means a Derivative Instrument (i) the value of which generally decreases, and/or the payment or delivery obligations under which
generally increase, with positive changes to the Performance References and/or (ii) the value of which generally increases, and/or
the payment or delivery obligations under which generally decrease, with negative changes to the Performance References.

Significant Subsidiary means
any Restricted Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X,
promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such regulation is in effect on the Issue Date.

Similar Business means any business
conducted or proposed to be conducted by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Issue Date or any business that is similar,
reasonably related, complementary, incidental or ancillary thereto, or is a reasonable extension, development or expansion thereof.

Special Record Date for the
payment of any Defaulted Interest means a date fixed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 3.07(b).

Specified Event has the meaning
given to such term in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA.

Specified Government Entities
mean the Federal Housing Administration, Veterans Administration, Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or other similar governmental agencies
or government sponsored programs.

Stated Maturity, when used with
respect to any Note or any installment of principal thereof or interest thereon, means the date specified in such Note as the fixed date
on which the principal of such Note or such installment of principal or interest is due and payable.

Subject Lien has the meaning
specified in Section 10.12 of this Indenture.

Subordinated Indebtedness means,
with respect to the Notes and the Guarantees:

(1)any
Indebtedness of the Issuer which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, and

-53-

(2)any
Indebtedness of any Guarantor which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee of such entity of the Notes.

Subsidiary means, with respect
to any Person:

(1)any
corporation, association or other business entity (other than a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity)
of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency)
to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time of determination owned or controlled, directly or indirectly,
by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; and

(2)any
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity of which:

(a)more
than 50% of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general or limited partnership interests,
as applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person
or a combination thereof whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or otherwise, and

(b)such
Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity.

For the avoidance of doubt, any entity that is owned
at a 50% or less level (as described above) shall not be a Subsidiary for any purpose under this Indenture, regardless of
whether such entity is consolidated on the Issuers or any Restricted Subsidiarys financial statements.

Successor Company has the meaning
specified in Section 8.01 of this Indenture.

Successor Guarantor has the
meaning specified in Section 8.02 of this Indenture.

Suspended Covenants has the
meaning specified in Section 10.18(a) of this Indenture.

Suspension Date has the meaning
specified in Section 10.18(a) of this Indenture.

Suspension Period has the meaning
specified in Section 10.18(a) of this Indenture.

Testing Party has the meaning
specified in Section 10.19 of this Indenture.

Total Assets means, as of any
Applicable Calculation Date, with respect to any Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, the total assets of such Person and its Restricted
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, as shown on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries
as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the Applicable
Calculation Date; provided that, for purposes of testing the covenants under this Indenture in connection with any transaction, the Total
Assets of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be adjusted to reflect such pro forma adjustments as are appropriate and consistent
with the pro forma adjustment provisions set forth in the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (other than as set forth in the first
proviso to the first paragraph of such definition).

-54-

Total Shareholders Equity
means, at any date of determination, the consolidated shareholders equity of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, calculated
excluding:

(1)any
amounts attributable to Disqualified Stock,

(2)treasury
stock,

(3)the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles, and

(4)any
non-controlling interest owned by any Person in any Subsidiary of the Issuer.

Treasury Rate means, as obtained
by the Issuer, as of any Redemption Date, the weekly average rounded to the nearest 1/100th of a percentage point (for the most recently
completed week for which such information is available as of the date that is two Business Days prior to the redemption date) of the
yield to maturity as of such Redemption Date of U.S. Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most
recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 with respect to each applicable day during such week (or, if such Statistical Release
is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from such Redemption Date
to February 15, 2028; provided, however, that if the period from such Redemption Date to February 15, 2028 is less than one
year, the weekly average yield on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year will be used.

Trust Indenture Act or TIA
means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.

Trustee means U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association until a successor replaces it and, thereafter, means the successor.

Uniform Commercial Code means
the Uniform Commercial Code or any successor provision thereof as the same may from time to time be in effect in the State of New York.

Unrestricted Subsidiary means:

(1)any
Subsidiary of the Issuer that at the time of determination is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as designated by the Issuer, as provided below);
and

(2)any
Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

The Issuer may designate any Subsidiary of the Issuer
(including any existing Subsidiary or any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary
or any of its Subsidiaries owns any Equity Interests or Indebtedness of, or owns or holds any Lien on, any property of, the Issuer or
any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than solely any Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be so designated); provided that

(1)any
Unrestricted Subsidiary must be an entity of which the Equity Interests entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes that may be
cast by all Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or Persons performing a similar function are
owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer;

(2)such
designation complies with Section 10.10; and

(3)each
of:

(a)the
Subsidiary to be so designated and

-55-

(b)its
Subsidiaries

has not at the time of designation, and does not thereafter,
create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable with respect to any Indebtedness pursuant to
which the lender has recourse to any of the assets of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Equity Interests in the Unrestricted
Subsidiary).

The Issuer may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary
to be a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that, immediately after giving effect to such designation, no Default shall have occurred and
be continuing and either:

(1)the
Issuer could incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to Section 10.11(a), or

(2)either
(x) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries would be equal to or greater than such ratio
or (y) the Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth Ratio would be equal to or less than such ratio, in
each case, for the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries immediately prior to such designation, in each case, on a pro forma basis taking
into account such designation.

Any such designation by the Issuer shall be notified
by the Issuer to the Trustee by promptly filing with the Trustee a copy of the resolution of the Board of the Issuer or any committee
thereof giving effect to such designation and an Officers Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing
provisions.

U.S. Dollar Equivalent means
with respect to any monetary amount in a currency other than U.S. dollars, at any time for determination thereof, the amount of U.S.
dollars obtained by converting such foreign currency involved in such computation into U.S. dollars at the spot rate for the purchase
of U.S. dollars with the applicable foreign currency as published in The Wall Street Journal in the Exchange Rates column
under the heading Currency Trading on the date two business days prior to such determination.

U.S. Person means a U.S. Person
as defined in Rule 902(k) promulgated under the Securities Act.

Vice President, when used with
respect to the Issuer or the Trustee, means any vice president, whether or not designated by a number or a word or words added before
or after the title vice president.

Voting Cap has the meaning
specified in Section 9.02 of this Indenture.

Voting Stock of any Person
as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the Board of such Person.

Warehouse Facility means any
financing arrangement of any kind, including, but not limited to, financing arrangements in the form of repurchase facilities, loan agreements,
note and/or other security issuance facilities and commercial paper facilities (excluding in all cases, Securitizations), with a financial
institution or other lender or purchaser exclusively to (1) finance or refinance the purchase, origination or funding by the Issuer
or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer of, or provide funding to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer through the transfer
of, loans, mortgage related securities, charge-off receivables and other mortgage-related receivables purchased or originated by the
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer in the ordinary course of business, (2) finance the funding of or refinance Servicing
Advances; or (3) finance or refinance the carrying of REO Assets related to loans and other mortgage-related receivables purchased
or originated by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer; provided that such purchase, origination, funding, financing
and refinancing is in the ordinary course of business.

-56-

Warehouse Facility Trust means
any Person (whether or not a Subsidiary of the Issuer) established for the purpose of entering into financing arrangements in connection
with a Warehouse Facility, which are backed by (1) specified Servicing Advances purchased by, and/or contributed to, such Person
from the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (2) specified loans, mortgage related securities and other mortgage related
receivables purchased by, and/or contributed to, such Person from the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (3) the carrying
of REO Assets related to loans and other mortgage related receivables purchased by, and/or contributed to, such Person from the Issuer
or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuer.

Warehouse Indebtedness means
Indebtedness in connection with a Warehouse Facility; provided that the amount of any particular Warehouse Indebtedness as of any date
of determination shall be calculated in accordance with GAAP.

Weighted Average Life to Maturity
means, when applied to any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at any date, the quotient obtained
by dividing:

(1)the
sum of the products of the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) from the date of determination to the date of each
successive scheduled principal payment of such Indebtedness or redemption or similar payment with respect to such Disqualified Stock
or Preferred Stock multiplied by the amount of such payment; by

(2)the
sum of all such payments.

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of
any Person means a Subsidiary of such Person, 100% of the outstanding Equity Interests of which (other than directors qualifying
shares or an immaterial amount of shares required to be owned by other Persons pursuant to applicable law) shall at the time be owned
by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person.

SECTION 1.03.Compliance
Certificates and Opinions. Upon any application or request by the Issuer to the Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action
under this Indenture (except that an Opinion of Counsel shall not be provided in connection with an initial issuance), the Issuer shall
furnish to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture (including
any covenant compliance with which constitutes a condition precedent) relating to the proposed action have been complied with and an
Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with, except
that in the case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of such documents is specifically required by any provision
of this Indenture relating to such particular application or request, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished.

Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance
with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:

(1)a
statement that each individual signing such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein relating
thereto;

-57-

(2)a
brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such
certificate or opinion are based;

(3)a
statement that, in the opinion of each such individual, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to
express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

(4)a
statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such individual, such condition or covenant has been complied with.

SECTION 1.04.Form of
Documents Delivered to Trustee. In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any
specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person,
or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect
to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to
such matters in one or several documents.

Any certificate or opinion of an officer of the
Issuer may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless
such officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect
to the matters upon which his certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate or opinion may be based, insofar as
it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of the Issuer stating
that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Issuer, unless such counsel knows, or in the exercise
of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous.

Where any Person is required to make, give or execute
two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they
may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument.

SECTION 1.05.Acts
of Holders.

(a)Any
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by
Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person
or by agents duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such
instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or
instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the Act
of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such
agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the manner
provided in this Section 1.05.

(b)The
fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution
or by a certificate of a notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual
signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Where such execution is by a signer acting in a capacity
other than his individual capacity, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of authority. The fact and date
of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be proved in any other
manner that the Trustee deems sufficient.

-58-

(c)The
principal amount and serial numbers of Notes held by any Person, and the date of holding the same, shall be proved by the Note Register.

(d)If
the Issuer shall solicit from the Holders any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, the Issuer
may, at its option, fix in advance a record date for the determination of Holders entitled to give such request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, but the Issuer shall have no obligation to do so. Such record date shall be a date not
earlier than the date 30 days prior to the first solicitation of Holders generally in connection therewith and not later than the
date such solicitation is completed. If such a record date is fixed, such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or other Act may be given before or after such record date, but only the Holders of record at the close of business on such record
date shall be deemed to be Holders for the purposes of determining whether Holders of the requisite proportion of Outstanding Notes have
authorized or agreed or consented to such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, and for that
purpose the Outstanding Notes shall be computed as of such record date; provided, that no such authorization, agreement or consent by
the Holders on such record date shall be deemed effective unless it shall become effective pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture
not later than eleven months after the record date. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other
Act of the Holder of any Note shall bind every future Holder of the same Note and the Holder of every Note issued upon the registration
of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the
Trustee, the Issuer or any Guarantor in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Note.

SECTION 1.06.Notices,
Etc., to Trustee, Issuer, any Guarantor and Agent. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or
Act of Holders or other document provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with,

(1)the
Trustee by any Holder or by the Issuer or any Guarantor shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or
filed in writing via facsimile, email in PDF format or mailed, first class postage prepaid, or delivered by recognized overnight courier,
to or with the Trustee at U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, West Side Flats St Paul, 60 Livingston Ave., EP-MN-WS3C, Saint
Paul, MN 55107, Attention: Corporate TrustPennyMac (fax: (651) 466-7430), or

(2)the
Issuer or any Guarantor by the Trustee or by any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder (unless otherwise herein expressly
provided) if made, given, furnished or delivered in writing via facsimile, or email in PDF or mailed, first class postage prepaid,
or delivered by recognized overnight courier, to the Issuer or such Guarantor addressed to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., 3043
Townsgate Road, Westlake Village, California 91361 (fax: (818) 337-6519), Attention: Derek W. Stark, Senior Managing Director and Chief
Legal Officer and Secretary or at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Trustee by the Issuer or such Guarantor.

A copy of all notices to any Agent shall be sent
to the Trustee at the address show above. Any Person may change its address by giving notice of such change as set forth herein. The
Trustee agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by unsecured email, facsimile transmission
or other similar unsecured electronic methods; provided, however, that (a) the party providing such written instructions, subsequent
to such transmission of written instructions, shall provide the originally executed instructions or directions to the Trustee in a timely
manner, and (b) such originally executed instructions or directions shall be signed by an authorized representative of the party
providing such instructions or directions. If the party elects to give the Trustee email or facsimile instructions (or instructions by
a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Trustee's understanding of such
instructions shall be deemed controlling. All notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder must be in writing
(provided that any communication sent to Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital
signature provided by DocuSign (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to Trustee by the authorized representative),
in English. Issuer agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to submit
communications to Trustee, including without limitation the risk of Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception
and misuse by third parties.

-59-

The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses,
costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustee's reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding
such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The party providing electronic instructions agrees
to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including
without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk or interception and misuse by third parties.

SECTION 1.07.Notice
to Holders; Waiver. Where this Indenture provides for notice of any event to Holders by the Issuer or the Trustee, such notice shall
be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and delivered electronically or mailed, first class
postage prepaid, to each Holder affected by such event, at his address as it appears in the Note Register, not later than the latest
date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Holders is given
by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency
of such notice with respect to other Holders. Notices given by publication (including posting of information as contemplated by Section 10.09)
shall be deemed given on the first date on which publication is made, notices given by first-class mail, postage prepaid, shall be deemed
given five calendar days after mailing or transmitting; notices sent by overnight delivery service will be deemed given when
delivered; and notices given electronically shall be deemed given when sent. Notice given in accordance with the procedures of the Depository
will be deemed given on the date sent to the Depository. Any notices required to be given to the holders of Notes that are in global
form will be given to the Depository in accordance with its customary procedures therefor.

In case by reason of the suspension of or irregularities
in regular mail service or by reason of any other cause, it shall be impracticable to mail notice of any event to Holders when such notice
is required to be given pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory to
the Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice for every purpose hereunder.

Where this Indenture provides for notice in any
manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such
waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not
be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.

-60-

SECTION 1.08.Effect
of Headings and Table of Contents. The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience
of reference only, are not intended to be considered a part hereof and shall not affect the construction hereof.

SECTION 1.09.Successors
. All agreements of the Issuer in this Indenture and the Notes will bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture
will bind its successors. All agreements of each Guarantor in this Indenture will bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in
Section 12.08 hereof.

SECTION 1.10.Severability
Clause. In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

SECTION 1.11.Benefits
of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto,
any Paying Agent, any Note Registrar and their successors hereunder and the Holders any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy
or claim under this Indenture.

SECTION 1.12.Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This Indenture, the Notes and any Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of New York. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE COURT
LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE
OR THE NOTES. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may have
to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties hereto agrees
that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court shall be conclusive and binding upon such party, and
may be enforced in any courts to the jurisdiction of which such party is subject by a suit upon such judgment, provided, that service
of process is effected upon such party in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law.

SECTION 1.13.Legal
Holidays. In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date or Stated
Maturity or Maturity of any Note shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or of the Notes)
payment of principal (or premium, if any) or interest or other required payment need not be made on such date, but may be made on the
next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Change of Control
Triggering Event Payment Date or at the Stated Maturity or Maturity; provided, that no interest shall accrue on such payment for the
period from and after such Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date, Stated Maturity or
Maturity, as the case may be.

SECTION 1.14.No
Personal Liability of Directors, Managers, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. No past, present or future director, manager, officer,
employee, incorporator, member, partner or stockholder of the Issuer or any Guarantor or any of their parent companies or entities shall
have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Guarantees or this Indenture or for any claim
based on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all
such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.

SECTION 1.15.[Reserved]

-61-

SECTION 1.16.Counterparts.
This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be original; but such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument. One signed copy is enough to prove this Indenture. The exchange of copies of this Indenture
and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to
the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by
facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.

SECTION 1.17.USA
PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like
all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and
record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account. The Issuer agrees
that it will provide the Trustee with information about the Issuer as the Trustee may reasonably request in order for the Trustee to
satisfy the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act.

SECTION 1.18.Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE ISSUER, ANY GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE AND EACH HOLDER OF A NOTE, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE THEREOF, THEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY OR HEREBY.

SECTION 1.19.Force
Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder
arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages,
accidents, acts of war or terrorism, epidemics, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions,
loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee
shall use reasonable efforts that are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable
under the circumstances.

Article Two

NOTE
FORMS

SECTION 2.01.Form and
Dating. Provisions relating to the Initial Notes are set forth in Annex I attached hereto (the Appendix)
which is hereby incorporated in, and expressly made part of, this Indenture. The Initial Notes and the Trustees certificate
of authentication shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit 1 to the Appendix which is hereby incorporated in, and expressly
made a part of, this Indenture. The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule, agreements
to which the Issuer is subject, if any, or usage (provided that any such notation, legend or endorsement is in a form reasonably acceptable
to the Issuer). The terms of the Notes set forth in the Appendix are part of the terms of this Indenture.

SECTION 2.02.Execution,
Authentication, Delivery and Dating. The Notes shall be executed on behalf of the Issuer by at least one Officer. The signature
of any Officer on the Notes may be manual, electronic or facsimile signatures of the present or any future such authorized officer and
may be imprinted or otherwise reproduced on the Notes.

Notes bearing the manual, electronic or facsimile
signature of an individual who was at any time the proper Officer of the Issuer shall bind the Issuer, notwithstanding that such individual
has ceased to hold such office prior to the authentication and delivery of such Notes or did not hold such office at the date of such
Notes.

-62-

At any time and from time to time after the execution
and delivery of this Indenture, the Issuer may deliver Notes executed by the Issuer to the Trustee for authentication, together with
an Issuer Order for the authentication and delivery of such Notes, and the Trustee in accordance with such Issuer Order shall authenticate
and deliver such Notes.

On the Issue Date, the Issuer shall deliver the
Initial Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $850,000,000, executed by the Issuer to the Trustee for authentication, together
with an Issuer Order for the authentication and delivery of such Notes, specifying the principal amount and registered holder of each
Note, directing the Trustee to authenticate the Notes and deliver the same to the persons named in such Issuer Order and the Trustee
in accordance with such Issuer Order shall authenticate and deliver such Initial Notes. At any time and from time to time after the Issue
Date, the Issuer may deliver Additional Notes executed by the Issuer to the Trustee for authentication, together with an Issuer Order
for the authentication and delivery of such Additional Notes, specifying the principal amount of and registered holder of each Note,
directing the Trustee to authenticate the Additional Notes and deliver the same to the Persons named in such Issuer Order and certifying
that the issuance of such Additional Notes is in compliance with Section 10.11 of this Indenture and the Trustee in accordance with
such Issuer Order shall authenticate and deliver such Additional Notes. In each case, the Trustee shall receive a copy of the resolution
or resolutions of the Board, an executed supplemental indenture (if any), an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel of
the Issuer as to such matters as it may reasonably require in connection with such authentication of Notes; provided that no Opinion
of Counsel under Section 1.03 shall be required in connection with the authentication of the Initial Notes. Such Issuer Order shall
specify the amount of Notes to be authenticated and the date on which the original issue of Notes is to be authenticated. Trustee shall
have the right to decline to authenticate and deliver any Notes under this Section if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, determines
that such action may not lawfully be taken or if the Trustee in good faith shall determine that such action would expose the Trustee
to personal liability to existing Holders.

Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication.

No Note shall be entitled to any benefit under this
Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Note a certificate of authentication substantially in
the form provided for herein duly executed by the Trustee by manual signature of an authorized signatory, and such certificate upon any
Note shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder and is entitled
to the benefits of this Indenture.

In case the Issuer or any Guarantor, pursuant to
Article Eight of this Indenture, shall be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into or wind up into any other Person or shall
sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and
its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in case of the Issuer, or all or substantially all of the properties or assets of such
Guarantor in case of a Guarantor, to any Person, and the successor Person (other than the Issuer or such Guarantor, as applicable) formed
by or surviving any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other
disposition shall have been made, shall have executed a supplemental indenture hereto with the Trustee pursuant to Article Eight
of this Indenture, any of the Notes authenticated or delivered prior to such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, sale, assignment, transfer,
lease, conveyance or other disposition may, from time to time, at the request of the successor Person, be exchanged for other Notes executed
in the name of the successor Person with such changes in phraseology and form as may be appropriate, but otherwise in substance of like
tenor as the Notes surrendered for such exchange and of like principal amount; and the Trustee, upon Issuer Request of the successor
Person, shall authenticate and deliver Notes as specified in such request for the purpose of such exchange. If Notes shall at any time
be authenticated and delivered in any new name of a successor Person pursuant to this Section 2.02 in exchange or substitution for
or upon registration of transfer of any Notes, such successor Person, at the option of the Holders but without expense to them, shall
provide for the exchange of all Notes at the time Outstanding for Notes authenticated and delivered in such new name.

-63-

Article Three

THE
NOTES

SECTION 3.01.Title and
Terms. The aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be authenticated and issued under this Indenture is not limited; provided
that any Additional Notes issued under this Indenture are issued in accordance with Sections 2.02, 3.13 and 10.11 hereof,
as part of the same series as the Initial Notes.

The terms and provisions contained in the Notes
shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture, and the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee, by their
execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent
any provision of any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture shall govern and
be controlling.

The Notes shall be known and designated as the 6.875%
Senior Notes Due 2033 of the Issuer. The Stated Maturity of the principal of Notes shall be February 15, 2033, and the Notes
shall bear interest at the rate of 6.875% per annum from the Issue Date, or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest
has been paid or duly provided for, payable commencing on August 15, 2025 and semi-annually thereafter in arrears on February 15 and
August 15 of each year, until the principal thereof is paid or duly provided for and to the Person in whose name the Note (or
any Predecessor Note) is registered at the close of business (if applicable) on the February 1 and August 1 (whether
or not a Business Day) immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date (each, a Regular Record Date).

The principal of (and premium, if any) and interest
on the Notes shall be payable at the office or agency of the Paying Agent maintained for such purpose as set forth in Section 3.02,
or, at the option of the Issuer, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the Holders at their respective addresses set forth
in the Note Register of Holders or by wire transfer; provided that all payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect
to the Notes represented by one or more Global Notes registered in the name of or held by the Depository or its nominee will be
made in accordance with the Depositorys applicable procedures.

Holders shall have the right to require the Issuer
to purchase their Notes, in whole or in part, in the event of a Change of Control Triggering Event pursuant to Section 10.16. The
Notes shall be subject to repurchase pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer as provided in Section 10.17.

The Notes shall be redeemable as provided in Article Eleven.

The due and punctual payment of principal of (and
premium, if any) and interest on the Notes payable by the Issuer is irrevocably unconditionally guaranteed, to the extent set forth herein,
by each of the Guarantors.

SECTION 3.02.Note
Registrar, Transfer Agent and Paying Agent. The Issuer shall maintain one or more Paying Agents for the Notes in New York. The
Issuer hereby appoints the Trustee as the initial Paying Agent.

-64-

The Issuer shall be responsible for making calculations
called for under the Notes, including but not limited to determination of redemption price or other amounts payable on the Notes. The
Issuer will make the calculations in good faith and, absent manifest error, its calculations will be final and binding on the Holders.
The Issuer will provide a schedule of its calculations to the Trustee when requested by the Trustee, and the Trustee is entitled
to rely conclusively on the accuracy of the Issuers calculations without independent verification. The Trustee shall forward the
Issuers calculations to any Holder upon the written request of such Holder.

The Issuer will also maintain a registrar (the Note
Registrar) with offices in New York. The Issuer will also maintain a transfer agent (each, a Transfer Agent)
in New York. The Issuer hereby appoints the Trustee as the initial Note Registrar and Transfer Agent. The Note Registrar and the Transfer
Agent shall keep a register of the Notes and of their transfer and exchange (the register maintained in such office or in any other office
or agency designated pursuant to Section 10.02 being herein referred to as the Note Register) and will
facilitate transfers of Notes on behalf of the Issuer. The Note Register shall be in written form or any other form capable of being
converted into written form within a reasonable time. At all reasonable times, the Note Register shall be open to inspection by
the Trustee. The Issuer may change the Paying Agents, the Note Registrars or the Transfer Agents without prior notice to the Holders.
The Issuer may have one or more co-registrars and one or more additional paying agents. The term Note Registrar
includes any co-registrars. For the avoidance of doubt, there shall only be one Note Register. The Trustee may make reasonable rules for
action by or at a meeting of Holders. The Note Registrar or Paying Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements
for its functions.

Each Holder agrees to indemnify the Issuer and the
Trustee against any liability that may result from the transfer, exchange or assignment of such Holders Note in violation of any
provision of this Indenture and/or applicable United States Federal or state securities law.

The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to
monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law
with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation
or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine
the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

The Issuer shall enter into an appropriate agency
agreement with any Note Registrar or Paying Agent not a party to this Indenture. The agreement shall implement the provisions of this
Indenture that relate to such agent. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee in writing of the name and address of any such agent. If the
Issuer fails to maintain a Note Registrar or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such and shall be entitled to appropriate compensation
therefor pursuant to Section 6.07. The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Note Registrar.

The transferor shall also provide or cause to be
provided to the Trustee all information necessary to allow the Trustee to comply with any applicable tax reporting obligations, including
without limitation any cost basis reporting obligations under Section 6045 of the Code. The Trustee may rely on any such information
provided to it and shall have no responsibility to verify or ensure the accuracy of such information.

The Issuer acknowledges that neither the Trustee
nor any Agent makes any representations as to the interpretation or characterization of the transactions herein undertaken for tax or
any other purpose, in any jurisdiction.

-65-

SECTION 3.03.Denominations.
The Notes shall be issuable only in registered form without coupons and only in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiples
of $1,000 in excess thereof.

SECTION 3.04.Temporary
Notes. Pending the preparation of permanent Notes, the Issuer may execute, and upon Issuer Order the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver, temporary Notes which are printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise produced, in any authorized denomination,
substantially of the tenor of the permanent Notes in lieu of which they are issued and with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions
and other variations as the officers executing such Notes may determine, as conclusively evidenced by their execution of such Notes.

If temporary Notes are issued, the Issuer will cause
permanent Notes to be prepared without unreasonable delay. After the preparation of permanent Notes, the temporary Notes shall be exchangeable
for permanent Notes upon surrender of the temporary Notes at the office or agency of the Issuer designated for such purpose pursuant
to Section 10.02, without charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary Notes, the Issuer
shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a like principal amount of permanent Notes of authorized
denominations. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as
permanent Notes.

SECTION 3.05.Registration
of Transfer and Exchange.

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any
Note at the office or agency of the Issuer designated pursuant to Section 10.02, the Issuer shall execute, and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of any authorized denomination
or denominations of a like aggregate principal amount.

At the option of the Holder, Notes may be exchanged
for other Notes of any authorized denomination and of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged
at such office or agency. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Issuer shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate
and deliver, the Notes which the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive.

All Notes issued upon any registration of transfer
or exchange of Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under
this Indenture, as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

Every Note presented or surrendered for registration
of transfer or for exchange shall (if so required by the Issuer or the Note Registrar) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by written instruments
of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Note Registrar, duly executed by the Holder thereof or his attorney duly authorized
in writing.

No service charge shall be made for any registration
of transfer or exchange or redemption of Notes, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any taxes, fees or other
governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, other than exchanges pursuant
to Sections 2.02, 3.04, 9.06, 10.16, 10.17 or 11.09 not involving any transfer.

-66-

SECTION 3.06.Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Notes. If (1) any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Trustee, or (2) the Issuer and the Trustee
receive evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, and there is delivered to the Issuer and the Trustee
such security or indemnity to save each of them harmless from any claim, loss, cost or liability resulting from such lost or stolen Note,
then, in the absence of written notice to the Issuer or the Trustee that such Note has been acquired by a Protected Purchaser (as
defined in Section 8-303 of the Uniform Commercial Code) (a Protected Purchaser), the Issuer shall
execute and upon Issuer Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for any such mutilated Note or in lieu of any such
destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a new Note of like tenor and principal amount, bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen
Note has become or is about to become due and payable, the Issuer in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Note, pay such Note.

Upon the issuance of any new Note under this Section 3.06,
the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation
thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith.

Every new Note issued pursuant to this Section 3.06
in lieu of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Issuer
and each Guarantor, whether or not the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall
be entitled to all benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder.

The provisions of this Section 3.06 are exclusive
and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed,
lost or stolen Notes.

SECTION 3.07.Payment
of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved.

(a)Interest
on any Note which is payable, and is punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in
whose name such Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) is registered at the close of business (if applicable) on the Regular Record
Date for such interest at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for such purpose pursuant to Section 10.02; provided that,
subject to Section 3.01 hereof, each installment of interest may at the Issuers option be paid by (1) mailing a
check for such interest, payable to or upon the written order of the Person entitled thereto pursuant to Section 3.08, to the
address of such Person as it appears in the Note Register or (2) transfer to an account maintained by the payee; provided that payment
by wire transfer of immediately available funds shall be required with respect to principal of, premium on, if any, and interest on,
all Notes in global form and all other Notes the Holders of which shall have provided wire transfer instructions to the Issuer and the
Paying Agent; provided that for Notes not in global form the Paying Agent shall have received from the Holders satisfactory wire transfer
instructions at least ten calendar days prior to the related payment date and subject to surrender of the Note in the case of payments
of principal and premium, if any.

-67-

(b)Any
interest on any Note which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall forthwith
cease to be payable to the Holder on the Regular Record Date by virtue of having been such Holder, and such defaulted interest and (to
the extent lawful) interest on such defaulted interest at the rate borne by the Notes (such defaulted interest and interest thereon herein
collectively called Defaulted Interest) may be paid by the Issuer, at its election in each case, as provided in
clause (1) or (2) below:

(1)the
Issuer may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes)
are registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest, which shall be fixed in
the following manner. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed to be paid on each
Note and the date of the proposed payment, and at the same time the Issuer shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to
the aggregate amount proposed to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Interest or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee
for such deposit prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons
entitled to such Defaulted Interest as in this clause provided. Thereupon the Trustee shall fix a Special Record Date for the payment
of such Defaulted Interest which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than ten days prior to the date of the proposed
payment and not less than ten days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment. The Trustee shall promptly
notify the Issuer of such Special Record Date, and in the name and at the expense of the Issuer, shall cause notice of the proposed payment
of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date therefor to be given in the manner provided for in Section 1.07, not less
than ten days prior to such Special Record Date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record
Date therefor having been so given, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective
Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on such Special Record Date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the
following clause (2).

(2)the
Issuer may make payment of any Defaulted Interest in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities
exchange on which the Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, if, after written notice given
by the Issuer to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the
Trustee.

(c)Subject
to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.07, each Note delivered under this Indenture upon registration of transfer of or in
exchange for or in lieu of any other Note shall carry the rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried by
such other Note.

SECTION 3.08.Persons
Deemed Owners. Prior to the due presentment of a Note for registration of transfer, the Issuer, any Guarantor, the Trustee and any
agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name such Note is registered as the owner of such Note for the purpose
of receiving payment of principal of (and premium, if any) and (subject to Sections 3.05 and 3.07) interest on such Note
and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Note be overdue, and none of the Issuer, any Guarantor, the Trustee or
any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

SECTION 3.09.Cancellation.
All Notes surrendered for payment, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the
Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee and shall be cancelled by the Trustee in accordance with its customary procedures. The Issuer may
at any time deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Notes previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Issuer may have
acquired in any manner whatsoever, and may deliver to the Trustee (or to any other Person for delivery to the Trustee) for cancellation
any Notes previously authenticated hereunder which the Issuer has not issued and sold, and all Notes so delivered shall be cancelled
by the Trustee in accordance with its customary procedures. If the Issuer shall so acquire any of the Notes, however, such acquisition
shall not operate as a redemption or satisfaction of the indebtedness represented by such Notes unless and until the same are surrendered
to the Trustee for cancellation. No Notes shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Notes cancelled as provided in this
Section 3.09, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All cancelled Notes held by the Trustee shall be disposed of by the
Trustee in accordance with its customary procedures.

-68-

SECTION 3.10.Computation
of Interest. Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

SECTION 3.11.Transfer
and Exchange. The Notes shall be issued in registered form and shall be transferable only upon the surrender of a Note for registration
of transfer. When a Note is presented to the Note Registrar or a co-registrar with a request to register a transfer, the Note Registrar
shall register the transfer as requested if the requirements of this Indenture and Section 8-401(a) of the Uniform Commercial
Code are met. When Notes are presented to the Note Registrar or a co-registrar with a request to exchange them for an equal principal
amount of Notes of other denominations, the Note Registrar shall make the exchange as requested if the same requirements are met.

SECTION 3.12.CUSIP
and ISIN Numbers. The Issuer in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP and ISIN numbers (in each case, if then generally in use) in
addition to serial numbers, and, if so, the Trustee shall use such CUSIP and ISIN numbers in addition to serial numbers in notices of
redemption, repurchase or other notices to Holders as a convenience to Holders; provided that the Trustee shall have no liability for
any defect in the CUSIP numbers as they appear on any Note, notice or elsewhere; provided, further, that any such notice may state that
no representation is made as to the correctness of such CUSIP and ISIN numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any
notice of a redemption or repurchase and that reliance may be placed only on the serial or other identification numbers printed on the
Notes, and any such redemption or repurchase shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Issuer will promptly
notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP and ISIN numbers applicable to the Notes. Notwithstanding anything otherwise
to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Issuer may, and, at the Issuers direction, the Trustee shall, exchange Notes
then outstanding, including, in the case of any Global Notes, through a mandatory exchange at the Depository or otherwise in accordance
with Applicable Procedures, to reflect any change in the name of the Issuer, and/or the CUSIP and ISIN numbers with respect to the Notes
as may be necessary or appropriate to give effect to the exchange.

SECTION 3.13.Issuance
of Additional Notes. The Issuer may, subject to Section 2.02 and Section 10.11 of this Indenture, issue additional Notes
having identical terms and conditions to the Initial Notes issued on the Issue Date (the Additional Notes), except,
if applicable, the initial Interest Payment Date, issue price and the initial interest accrual date. The Initial Notes and any Additional
Notes subsequently issued shall be treated as a single class for all purposes under this Indenture; provided that a separate CUSIP and
ISIN will be issued for the Additional Notes, unless the Initial Notes and the Additional Notes are treated as fungible for U.S. federal
income tax purposes.

Article Four

SATISFACTION
AND DISCHARGE

SECTION 4.01.Satisfaction
and Discharge of Indenture. This Indenture shall be discharged and cease to be of further effect as to all Notes and the Trustee,
at the request and expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture
when either:

(1)all
Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (i) Notes which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been
replaced or paid as provided in Section 3.06 and (ii) Notes for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in
trust with the Trustee or any Paying Agent or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and thereafter repaid to the Issuer or discharged
from such trust, as provided in Section 10.03) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or

-69-

(2)(a) all
such Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation have become due and payable by reason of the making of a notice
of redemption or otherwise; will become due and payable within one year or may be called for redemption within one year under
arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense,
of the Issuer; and the Issuer or any Guarantor has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in
trust solely for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, cash in U.S. dollars, Government Securities, or a combination thereof, in such
amounts (including scheduled payments thereon) as will be sufficient (without consideration of any reinvestment of interest) to pay and
discharge the entire indebtedness on the Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for principal, premium, if
any, and accrued interest to the Stated Maturity or Redemption Date, as the case may be; provided, that upon any redemption that requires
the payment of the relevant Applicable Premium, the amount deposited shall be sufficient for purposes of this Indenture to the extent
that an amount is deposited with the Trustee equal to the relevant Applicable Premium calculated as of the date of the notice of redemption,
with any deficit as of the date of redemption (any such amount the Applicable Premium Deficit) only required to
be deposited with the Trustee on or prior to the date of redemption. Any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set forth in an Officers
Certificate delivered to the Trustee simultaneously with the deposit of such Applicable Premium Deficit that confirms that such Applicable
Premium Deficit shall be applied toward such redemption;

(b)no
Default or Event of Default (other than that resulting from borrowing funds to be applied to make such deposit or any similar and simultaneous
deposit relating to other Indebtedness and, in each case, the granting of Liens in connection therewith) with respect to this Indenture
or the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit or shall occur as a result of such deposit and such deposit
shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under any material agreement or material instrument (other than
this Indenture) to which the Issuer or any Guarantor is a party or by which the Issuer or any Guarantor is bound (other than that
resulting from borrowing funds to be applied to make such deposit and any similar and simultaneous deposit relating to other Indebtedness
and, in each case, the granting of Liens in connection therewith);

(c)the
Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all sums payable by it under this Indenture with respect to the Notes;

(d)the
Issuer has delivered irrevocable instructions to the Trustee to apply the deposited money toward the payment of the Notes at the Stated
Maturity or the Redemption Date, as the case may be; and

(e)the
Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (which Opinion of Counsel may be subject
to customary assumptions and exclusions), each stating that all conditions precedent herein to the satisfaction and discharge of this
Indenture have been satisfied. Such Opinion of Counsel may rely on such Officers Certificate as to matters of fact, including
clauses (2)(a), (b), (c) and (d) above.

-70-

Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of
this Indenture, the obligations of the Issuer to the Trustee under Section 6.07, the obligations of the Issuer to any Authenticating
Agent under Section 6.12 and, if money or Government Securities shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to subclause (a) of
clause (2) of this Section 4.01, the obligations of the Trustee under Section 4.02 and the last paragraph of
Section 10.03 shall survive such satisfaction and discharge.

SECTION 4.02.Application
of Trust Money. Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 10.03, all money or Government Securities (including
the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.01 shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance
with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Issuer
acting as its own Paying Agent) of the principal (and premium, if any) and interest for whose payment such money or Government Securities
has been deposited with the Trustee; but such money or Government Securities need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent
required by law.

The Issuer shall pay and indemnify the Trustee against
any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the Government Securities deposited pursuant to this Section 4.02 or
the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of
the Holders of the Outstanding Notes. The Trustee shall also deliver or pay to the Issuer from time to time upon Issuer Request any money
or Government Securities held by it which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed
in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, are in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required to
be deposited to effect an equivalent satisfaction and discharge, as applicable, in accordance with Article Four.

If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply
any money or Government Securities in accordance with Section 4.01 by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order
or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, the Issuers
and any Guarantors obligations under this Indenture and the Notes shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred
pursuant to Section 4.01 until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money or Government Securities
in accordance with Section 4.01; provided that if the Issuer has made any payment of principal of (and premium, if any) or interest
on the Notes because of the reinstatement of its obligations, the Issuer shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of the Notes
to receive such payment from the money or Government Securities held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

Article Five

REMEDIES

SECTION 5.01.Events
of Default. Event of Default, wherever used herein, means, with respect to the Notes, any one of the following
events:

(1)default
in payment when due and payable, upon redemption, acceleration or otherwise, of principal of, or premium, if any, on the Notes;

(2)default
for 30 days or more in the payment when due of interest on or with respect to the Notes;

(3)failure
by the Issuer or any Guarantor for 60 days after receipt of written notice given by the Trustee or the Holders of not less than
30% in principal amount of the then Outstanding Notes (with a copy to the Trustee) to comply with any of its obligations, covenants or
agreements (other than a default referred to in clauses (1) or (2) above) contained in this Indenture or the Notes; provided
that in the case of a failure to comply with Section 10.09, such period of continuance of such default or breach shall be 120 days
after written notice described in this clause (3) has been given; provided, further, that any such notice may
not be given with respect to any action taken, and reported publicly or to Holders, more than two years prior to such notice;

-71-

(4)default
under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there is issued or by which there is secured or evidenced any Corporate Indebtedness
of the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or the payment of which is guaranteed by the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries
(other than Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary), whether such Indebtedness or guarantee now exists or is created
after the issuance of the Notes, if both:

(A)such
default either results from the failure to pay any principal of such Indebtedness at its stated final maturity (after giving effect to
any applicable grace periods) or relates to an obligation other than the obligation to pay principal of any such Indebtedness at its
stated final maturity and results in the holder or holders of such Indebtedness causing such Indebtedness to become due prior to its
stated final maturity; and

(B)the
principal amount of such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such Indebtedness in default for failure to pay
principal at stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods), or the maturity of which has been so accelerated,
is in the aggregate, equal to the greater of (x) $190.0 million (or its foreign currency equivalent) and (y) 5.0% of Consolidated
Tangible Net Worth or more at any one time outstanding;

(5)failure
by the Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary to pay final judgments aggregating in excess of the greater of (x) $190.0 million and
(y) 5.0% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth (to the extent not covered by insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of
such judgment or order and has not denied its obligation), which final judgments remain unpaid, undischarged and unstayed for a period
of more than 60 days after such judgment becomes final and non-appealable and, in the event such judgment is covered by insurance,
an enforcement proceeding has been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or decree which is not promptly stayed;

(6)any
of the following events with respect to the Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary:

(A)the
Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:

(i)commences
proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;

(ii)consents
to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case;

(iii)consents
to the appointment of a custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property;

(iv)takes
any comparable action under any foreign laws relating to insolvency; or

-72-

(B)a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(i)is
for relief against the Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case;

(ii)appoints
a custodian of the Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary or for all or substantially all of its property; or

(iii)orders
the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary; and

(iv)the
order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 days; or

(7)the
Guarantee of any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary shall for any reason cease to be in full force and effect (except as contemplated
by the terms of this Indenture) or be declared null and void or any responsible officer of any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary
denies in writing that it has any further liability under its Guarantee or gives written notice to such effect, other than by reason
of the termination of this Indenture or the release of any such Guarantee in accordance with this Indenture.

Any notice of Default, notice of acceleration
or instruction to the Trustee to provide a notice of Default, notice of acceleration or take any other action (a Noteholder
Direction) provided by any one or more Holders (each a Directing Holder) in accordance with this Indenture
must be accompanied by a written representation from each such Holder delivered to the Issuer and the Trustee that such Holder is not
(or, in the case such Holder is the depositary (which initially will be DTC) or its nominee, that such Holder is being instructed solely
by beneficial owners that are not) Net Short (a Position Representation), which representation, in the case of a
Noteholder Direction relating to the delivery of a notice of Default shall be deemed a continuing representation until the resulting
Event of Default is cured or otherwise ceases to exist or the Notes are accelerated. In addition, each Directing Holder is deemed, at
the time of providing a Noteholder Direction, to covenant to provide the Issuer with such other information as the Issuer may reasonably
request from time-to-time in order to verify the accuracy of such Holders Position Representation within five Business Days of
request therefor (a Verification Covenant). In any case in which the Holder is the depositary or its nominee, any
Position Representation or Verification Covenant required hereunder shall be provided by the beneficial owner of the Notes in lieu of
the depositary or its nominee and the depositary or its nominee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such Position Representation
and Verification Covenant in delivering its direction to the Trustee. If, following the delivery of a Noteholder Direction, but prior
to acceleration of the Notes, the Issuer determines in good faith that there is a reasonable basis to believe a Directing Holder was,
at any relevant time, in breach of its Position Representation and provides to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that
the Issuer has initiated litigation (Litigation) in a court of competent jurisdiction seeking a determination that
such Directing Holder was, at such time, in breach of its Position Representation, and seeking to invalidate any Event of Default that
resulted from the applicable Noteholder Direction, the cure period with respect to such Default shall be automatically stayed and the
cure period with respect to such Event of Default shall be automatically reinstituted and any remedy stayed pending a final and non-appealable
determination of a court of competent jurisdiction on such matter (a Final Decision). Once such Officers
Certificate has been provided to the Trustee, the Trustee shall take no future action pursuant to the related Noteholder Direction until
it receives notices of a Final Decision. If, following the delivery of a Noteholder Direction, but prior to acceleration of the Notes,
the Issuer provides to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that a Directing Holder failed to satisfy its Verification
Covenant (a Verification Officers Certificate), the cure period with respect to such Default shall be automatically
stayed and the cure period with respect to any Event of Default that resulted from the applicable Noteholder Direction shall be automatically
reinstituted and any remedy stayed pending satisfaction of such Verification Covenant, and the Trustee shall take no further action pursuant
to the related Noteholder Direction until the Issuer provides a subsequent Officers Certificate to the Trustee that such Verification
Covenant has been satisfied (a Covenant Satisfaction Officers Certificate). The Issuer shall promptly deliver
a Covenant Satisfaction Officers Certificate following satisfaction by the applicable Directing Holder of its Verification Covenant.
Any breach of the Position Representation shall result in such Holders participation in such Noteholder Direction being disregarded
and, if, without the participation of such Holder, the percentage of Notes held by the remaining Holders that provided such Noteholder
Direction would have been insufficient to validly provide such Noteholder Direction, such Noteholder Direction shall be void ab initio,
with the effect that such Event of Default shall be deemed never to have occurred, acceleration voided and the Trustee shall be deemed
not to have received such Noteholder Direction or any notice of such Default or Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph
to the contrary, any Noteholder Direction delivered to the Trustee during the pendency of an Event of Default as the result of a bankruptcy
or similar proceeding shall not require compliance with the foregoing paragraphs. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall be entitled
to conclusively rely on any Noteholder Direction delivered to it in accordance with this Indenture, shall have no duty to inquire as
to or investigate the accuracy of any Position Representation, enforce compliance with any Verification Covenant, verify any statements
in any Officers Certificate delivered to it, or otherwise make calculations, investigations or determinations with respect to
Derivative Instruments, Net Shorts, Long Derivative Instruments, Short Derivative Instruments or otherwise and shall have no liability
for ceasing to take any action, staying any remedy or otherwise failing to act in accordance with a Noteholder Direction during the pendency
of any Litigation or a Noteholder Direction after a Verification Officers Certificate has been provided to it but prior to receipt
of a Covenant Satisfaction Officers Certificate. The Trustee shall have no liability to the Issuer, any Holder or any other Person
in acting in good faith on a Noteholder Direction.

-73-

SECTION 5.02.Acceleration
of Maturity: Rescission and Annulment.

(a)If
any Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(6)) occurs and is continuing under this Indenture,
the Trustee or the Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the then total Outstanding Notes may declare the principal,
premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then Outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately, by
a notice in writing to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by Holders).

(b)Upon
the effectiveness of a declaration under Section 5.02(a), such principal and interest will be due and payable immediately; provided
that no such declaration may be made with respect to any action taken, and reported publicly or to Holders, more than two years prior
to such declaration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Event of Default arising under Section 5.01(6), all Outstanding
Notes will become due and payable without further action or notice.

(c)At
any time after a declaration of acceleration has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained
by the Trustee as hereinafter provided in this Article, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then Outstanding
Notes, by written notice to the Issuer and the Trustee, may, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, rescind and annul such acceleration
and its consequences, so long as such rescission and annulment would not conflict with any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction,
if:

-74-

(1)the
Issuer has paid or deposited with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay:

(A)all
overdue interest on all Outstanding Notes,

(B)all
unpaid principal of (and premium, if any, on) any Outstanding Notes which has become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration,
and interest on such unpaid principal at the rate borne by the Notes,

(C)to
the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest on overdue interest at the rate borne by the Notes, and

(D)all
sums paid or advanced by the Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee,
its agents and counsel; and

(2)Events
of Default, other than the non-payment of amounts of principal of (or premium, if any, on) or interest on Notes, which have become due
solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.13,

provided that no such rescission shall affect any subsequent default
or impair any right consequent thereon.

(d)Notwithstanding
Section 5.02(c), in the event of any Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(4), such Event of Default and all consequences
thereof (excluding any resulting payment default, other than as a result of acceleration of the Notes) shall be annulled, waived and
rescinded, automatically and without any action by the Trustee or the Holders, if within 20 days after such Event of Default arose:

(1)the
Indebtedness or guarantee that is the basis for such Event of Default has been discharged; or

(2)the
requisite holders thereof have rescinded or waived the acceleration, notice or action (as the case may be) giving rise to such Event
of Default; or

(3)the
default that is the basis for such Event of Default has been cured.

(e)Notwithstanding
any of the foregoing in this Section 5.02, the Trustee shall have no obligation to accelerate the Notes if, in the reasonable judgment
of the Trustee, acceleration is not in the interests of the Holders.

SECTION 5.03.Collection
of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee. The Issuer covenants that if:

(1)default
is made in the payment of any installment of interest on the Note when such interest becomes due and payable and such default continues
for a period of 30 days, or

(2)default
is made in the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) the Note at the Maturity thereof, the Issuer will, upon demand of
the Trustee, pay to the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on the Notes for principal
(and premium, if any) and interest, and interest on any overdue principal (and premium, if any) and, to the extent that payment of such
interest shall be legally enforceable, upon any overdue installment of interest, at the rate borne by the Notes, and, in addition thereto,
such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel.

-75-

If the Issuer fails to pay such amounts forthwith
upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name as trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection
of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Issuer,
any Guarantor or any other obligor upon the Notes and collect the moneys adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by
law out of the property of the Issuer, any Guarantor or any other obligor upon the Notes, wherever situated.

If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing,
the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Holders under this Indenture and the
Guarantees by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem necessary to protect and enforce any such rights, including
seeking recourse against any Guarantor, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid
of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy, including seeking recourse against any Guarantor.

SECTION 5.04.Trustee
May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to the Issuer or any other obligor including any Guarantor,
upon the Notes or the property of the Issuer or of such other obligor or their creditors, the Trustee (irrespective of whether the principal
of the Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee
shall have made any demand on the Issuer for the payment of overdue principal, premium, if any, or interest) shall be entitled and empowered,
by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise,

(1)to
file and prove a claim for the whole amount of principal (and premium, if any) and interest owing and unpaid in respect of Notes and
to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim
for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders of Notes
allowed in such judicial proceeding, and

(2)to
collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator
or similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder of Notes to make such payments to the Trustee
and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay the Trustee any amount
due it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts
due the Trustee under Section 6.07.

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize
the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment
or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of
any Holder in any such proceeding. The Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders, vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar
official and be a member of a creditors committee or other similar committee.

-76-

SECTION 5.05.Trustee
May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Notes. All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or the Notes may be prosecuted
and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes or the production thereof in any proceeding relating thereto,
and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery
of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee,
its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders in respect of which such judgment has been recovered.

SECTION 5.06.Application
of Money Collected. Any money or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article shall be applied in the following
order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such money on account of principal (or premium,
if any) or interest, upon presentation of the Notes and the notation thereon of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender
thereof if fully paid:

FIRST: To the payment of all
amounts due the Trustee and its agents and attorneys (including any predecessor Trustee) under Section 6.07;

SECOND: To the payment of the
amounts then due and unpaid for principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Notes in respect of which or for the benefit of
which such money has been collected, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on
the Notes for principal (and premium, if any) and interest, respectively; and

THIRD: The balance, if any, to
the Issuer or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct in writing; provided that all sums due and owing to the Holders of Notes
and the Trustee have been paid in full as required by this Indenture.

The Trustee may fix a record date and
payment date for any payment to Holders of the Notes pursuant to this Section 5.06.

SECTION 5.07.Limitation
on Suits. Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest when due, no Holder shall pursue
any remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes, unless:

(1)such
Holder has previously given the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default is continuing;

(2)Holders
of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the total Outstanding Notes have requested the Trustee in writing to pursue the remedy;

(3)Holders
have provided to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability, claim or expense;

(4)the
Trustee has not complied with such request within 60 days after the receipt thereof and the offer of security or indemnity; and

-77-

(5)Holders
of a majority in principal amount of the then total Outstanding Notes have not given the Trustee a direction inconsistent with such request
within such 60-day period,

it being understood and intended that no one or more Holders
shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice
the rights of any other Holders, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other Holders or to enforce any right
under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal and ratable benefit of all the Holders (it being further
understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not such actions or forbearances are unduly prejudicial
to such Holders).

SECTION 5.08.Right
of Holders to Bring Suit for Payment. Subject to Sections 10.16(g) and 10.17(e), the contractual right of any Holder of any
outstanding Note to bring suit for the enforcement of any payment of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on such Note, on or
after the respective Maturity expressed in such Note (including in connection with an Asset Sale Offer or a Change of Control Triggering
Event Offer), shall not be amended without the consent of such Holder.

SECTION 5.09.Restoration
of Rights and Remedies. If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture
or the Guarantees and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee
or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, the Issuer, any Guarantor, any other
obligor of the Notes, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and
thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

SECTION 5.10.Rights
and Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or
stolen Notes in the last paragraph of Section 3.06, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or
to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by
law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or
otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or
employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

SECTION 5.11.Delay
or Omission Not Waiver. No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Note to exercise any right or remedy accruing
upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence
therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time,
and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be.

SECTION 5.12.Control
by Holders. The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the total Outstanding Notes shall have the right to direct the time,
method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or of exercising any trust or power conferred
on the Trustee. The Trustee, however, may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture or that the Trustee
determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder or would involve the Trustee in personal liability. The Trustee may
take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction.

SECTION 5.13.Waiver
of Past Defaults. Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then Outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may
on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes waive any existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences under this Indenture (except
(1) a continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of interest on, premium, if any, or the principal of any such Note held
by a non-consenting Holder, or (2) in respect of a covenant or provision hereof or in any Guarantee which under Article Nine
cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected, which shall require the consent of
all Holders of the Notes) and rescind any acceleration and its consequences with respect to the Notes; provided that such rescission
would not conflict with any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.

-78-

Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to
exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this Indenture, but no such
waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

SECTION 5.14.Waiver
of Stay or Extension Laws. Each of the Issuer, the Guarantors and any other obligor on the Notes covenants (to the extent that it
may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage
of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance
of this Indenture; and each of the Issuer, the Guarantors and any other obligor on the Notes (to the extent that it may lawfully do so)
hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution
of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been
enacted.

SECTION 5.15.Undertaking
for Costs.

In any suit for the enforcement of any right or
remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as a Trustee, a court in its discretion
may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion
may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having
due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section 5.15 does not apply
to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder relating to right to payment hereof, or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in principal
amount of the then Outstanding Notes.

Article Six

THE
TRUSTEE

SECTION 6.01.Duties
of the Trustee.

(a)Except
during the continuance of an Event of Default,

(1)the
Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture, and no implied covenants
or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and

(2)in
the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements
and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements
of this Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions specifically required by any provision hereof to be provided
to it, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture,
but not to verify the contents thereof including the accuracy of any mathematical calculations.

-79-

(b)If
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing of which written notice of such Event of Default shall have been given to a Responsible
Officer by the Issuer, any other obligor of the Notes or by Holders of at least 30% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, the
Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their
exercise, as a prudent Person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such Persons own affairs.

(c)No
provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly
negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that

(1)this
paragraph (c) shall not be construed to limit the effect of paragraph (a) of this Section 6.01;

(2)the
Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it shall be proved in a court
of competent jurisdiction that the Trustee was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(3)the
Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction
of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes relating to the time, method and place of conducting
any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture;
and

(4)No
provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the
performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture, if it shall
have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably
assured to it.

(d)Whether
or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording
protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 6.01.

SECTION 6.02.Notice
of Defaults. Within 90 days after receipt by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee from the Issuer of written notice of the occurrence
of any Default or Event of Default hereunder, the Trustee shall transmit to the Holders notice of such Default or Event of Default hereunder
known to the Trustee, unless such Default or Event of Default shall have been cured or waived; provided that, except in the case of a
Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) or interest on any Note, the Trustee shall be
protected in withholding such notice if and so long as Responsible Officers of the Trustee in good faith determines that the withholding
of such notice is in the best interest of the Holders.

SECTION 6.03.Certain
Rights of Trustee.

(1)the
Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other
paper or document (whether in original or facsimile form) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper
party or parties;

-80-

(2)any
request or direction of the Issuer mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by an Issuer Request or Issuer Order and any resolution
of the Board may be sufficiently evidenced by a Board Resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Issuer to
have been duly adopted by the Board of the Issuer and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered
to the Trustee;

(3)whenever
in the administration of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering
or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of gross
negligence or willful misconduct on its part, conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel;

(4)the
Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of any fact, Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes unless written notice
of such fact, Default or Event of Default shall have been received by a Responsible Officer from the Issuer, any other obligor of the
Notes or from Holders of at least 30% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes and references this Indenture and the Notes. Delivery
of any reports to the Trustee pursuant to Section 10.09 is for informational purposes only and the Trustees receipt
of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein,
including the Issuers compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively
on Officers Certificates);

(5)the
Trustee may consult with counsel of its own selection and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete
authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with
the advice or opinion of such counsel or Opinion of Counsel;

(6)the
Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction
of any of the Holders pursuant to this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory
to it against any loss, liability, claim or expense;

(7)the
Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or
document, or inquire as to the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantors of any of their covenants in this Indenture or inquire as
to the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantors of any of their covenants in this Indenture, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may
make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make
such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Issuer, personally or by
agent or attorney at the expense of the Issuer and shall incur no liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation;

(8)the
Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or
attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed
with due care by it hereunder;

-81-

(9)the
Trustee shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in good faith and believed by it to be authorized or within
the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture;

(10)the
rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including its right to be indemnified, are extended to,
and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder whether as an Agent or otherwise, and each agent, custodian
and other Person employed to act hereunder;

(11)the
Trustee may request that the Issuer deliver an incumbency certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto setting forth
the names of individuals or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, which incumbency
certificate may be signed by any person authorized to sign an Officers Certificate, including any person specified as so authorized
in any such certificate previously delivered and not superseded;

(12)the
Trustee shall not be required to give any note, bond or surety in respect of the execution of the trusts and powers under this Indenture;

(13)the
Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual
knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust
Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the Notes and this Indenture;

(14)in
no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising
out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of war or terrorism,
civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunction of utilities,
third-party communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable
efforts which are consistent with accepted practices to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances;

(15)in
no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever
(including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or
damage and regardless of the form of action;

(16)the
Trustee shall have no obligation to pursue any action that is not in accordance with applicable law;

(17)in
no event shall the Trustee be liable in its individual capacity for the obligations evidenced by the Notes issued hereunder; and

(18)the
permissive right of the Trustee to take actions permitted by this Indenture shall not be construed as an obligation or duty to do so.

-82-

SECTION 6.04.Trustee
Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Notes. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes, except for the Trustees
certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the statements of the Issuer, and neither the Trustee nor any Agent assumes responsibility
for their correctness. Neither the Trustee nor any Agent makes representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or
of the Notes, except that the Trustee represents that it is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Indenture, authenticate the Notes
and perform its obligations hereunder. Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be accountable for the use or application by the Issuer
of Notes or the proceeds thereof or the Offering Memorandum or any other documents used in connection with the sale or distribution of
the Notes.

SECTION 6.05.May Hold
Notes. The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Note Registrar or any other agent of the Issuer or of the Trustee, in its individual or
any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Issuer with the same rights it would have
if it were not the Trustee, Paying Agent, Note Registrar or such other agent; provided, that, if it acquires any conflicting interest
(as such term is defined in the Trust Indenture Act), it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days or resign as Trustee.

SECTION 6.06.Money
Held in Trust. Money held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required
by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed in writing
with the Issuer.

SECTION 6.07.Compensation
and Reimbursement. The Issuer and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, agree:

(1)to
pay to the Trustee from time to time such compensation as shall be agreed in writing between the Issuer and the Trustee for all services
rendered by it hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee
of an express trust);

(2)except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances
incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses
and disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense, disbursement or advance as shall be determined to have been caused
by its own gross negligence or willful misconduct; and

(3)to
indemnify the Trustee and any predecessor Trustee for, and to hold it harmless against, any and all loss, liability, claim, damage or
expense, including taxes (other than the taxes based on the income of the Trustee), incurred without gross negligence or willful
misconduct on its part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this trust, including the reasonable
costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim regardless of whether the claim is asserted by the Issuer, a Guarantor, a Holder
or any other Person or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder, including the
reasonable costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture or a Guarantee against the Issuer or a Guarantor (including this Section 6.07).

The obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors
under this Section 6.07 to compensate the Trustee, to pay or reimburse the Trustee for expenses, disbursements and advances and
to indemnify and hold harmless the Trustee shall constitute additional indebtedness hereunder and shall survive the satisfaction and
discharge of this Indenture and resignation or removal of the Trustee. As security for the performance of such obligations of the Issuer,
the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Notes upon all property and funds held or collected by the Trustee as such, except funds held
in trust solely for the benefit of the Holders entitled thereto for the payment of principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on
particular Notes.

-83-

Without prejudice to any other rights available
to the Trustee under applicable law, when the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services in connection with an Event of Default specified
in Section 5.01(6), the expenses (including the reasonable charges and expenses of its counsel) of and the compensation for such
services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any applicable Bankruptcy Law. Trustee for
the purposes of this Section 6.07 shall include any predecessor Trustee and the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder
and each agent, custodian and other person employed to act hereunder as permitted by this Indenture; provided, however, that the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of any predecessor Trustee hereunder shall not affect the rights of any other successor Trustee hereunder
(other than a successor Trustee that is successor by merger or consolidation to such predecessor Trustee).

The provisions of this Section 6.07 shall survive
the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and resignation or removal of the Trustee.

SECTION 6.08.Corporate
Trustee Required; Eligibility. There shall be at all times a Trustee hereunder which shall be eligible to act as Trustee under TIA
Section 310(a)(1) and shall have a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000. If such corporation publishes reports
of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of federal, State, territorial or District of Columbia supervising
or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section 6.08, the combined capital and surplus of such corporation shall be
deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee
shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.08, it shall resign immediately in the manner and
with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article.

SECTION 6.09.Resignation
and Removal; Appointment of Successor.

(a)If
the Trustee has or shall acquire any conflicting interest within the meaning of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall either eliminate
such interest within 90 days or resign, to the extent and in the manner provided by, and subject to the provisions of, the Trust Indenture
Act and this Indenture. To the extent permitted by such Act, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have a conflicting interest with respect
to the Notes by virtue of being a trustee under this Indenture.

(b)No
resignation or removal of the Trustee and no appointment of a successor Trustee pursuant to this Article shall become effective
until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 6.10.

(c)The
Trustee may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Issuer. Upon receiving such notice of
resignation, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor trustee by written instrument, a copy of which shall be delivered to
the resigning Trustee and a copy to the successor Trustee. If the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 6.10 shall
not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee may
petition, at the expense of the Issuer, any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

(d)The
Trustee may be removed at any time by Act of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, delivered
to the Trustee and to the Issuer 30 days prior to the removals effectiveness. If the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee
required by Section 6.10 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of
removal, the Trustee being removed may petition, at the expense of the Issuer, any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment
of a successor Trustee.

-84-

(e)If
the Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for any cause,
the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee. If, within one year after such resignation, removal or incapability, or the
occurrence of such vacancy, a successor Trustee shall be appointed by Act of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding
Notes delivered to the Issuer and the retiring Trustee, the successor Trustee so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such
appointment, become the successor Trustee and supersede the successor Trustee appointed by the Issuer. If no successor Trustee shall
have been so appointed by the Issuer or the Holders and accepted appointment in the manner hereinafter provided, the Trustee or any Holder
who has been a bona fide Holder of a Note for at least six months may, on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, petition
any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

(f)the
Issuer shall give notice of each resignation and each removal of the Trustee and each appointment of a successor Trustee to the Holders
in the manner provided for in Section 1.07. Each notice shall include the name of the successor Trustee and the address of its Corporate
Trust Office.

SECTION 6.10.Acceptance
of Appointment by Successor.

(a)Every
successor Trustee appointed hereunder shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Issuer and to the retiring Trustee an instrument
accepting such appointment, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective and such successor
Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring
Trustee; but, on request of the Issuer or the successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall, upon payment of its charges and subject
to its lien, if any, provided for in Section 6.07, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Trustee all
the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Trustee and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Trustee all property
and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder. Upon request of any such successor Trustee, the Issuer shall execute any and all instruments
for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts.

(b)No
successor Trustee shall accept its appointment unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Trustee shall be eligible under this
Article.

SECTION 6.11.Merger,
Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business. Any corporation into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which
it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party,
or any corporation succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee, shall be the successor of the
Trustee hereunder; provided such corporation shall be otherwise eligible under this Article, without the execution or filing of any paper
or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. In case any Notes shall have been authenticated, but not delivered,
by the Trustee then in office, any successor by merger, conversion or consolidation to such authenticating Trustee may adopt such authentication
and deliver the Notes so authenticated with the same effect as if such successor Trustee had itself authenticated such Notes. In case
at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor Trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name
of any predecessor hereunder or in the name of the successor Trustee. In all such cases such certificates shall have the full force and
effect which this Indenture provides for the certificate of authentication of the Trustee shall have; provided that, the right to adopt
the certificate of authentication of any predecessor Trustee or to authenticate Notes in the name of any predecessor Trustee shall apply
only to its successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation.

-85-

SECTION 6.12.Appointment
of Authenticating Agent. At any time when any of the Notes remain Outstanding, the Trustee may appoint one or more agents (each
an Authenticating Agent) with respect to the Notes which shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Trustee to
authenticate Notes and the Trustee shall give written notice of such appointment to all Holders of Notes with respect to which such
Authenticating Agent will serve, in the manner provided for in Section 1.07. Notes so authenticated shall be entitled to the benefits
of this Indenture and shall be valid and obligatory for all purposes as if authenticated by the Trustee hereunder. Any such appointment
shall be evidenced by an instrument in writing signed by an authorized signatory of the Trustee, and a copy of such instrument shall
be promptly furnished to the Issuer. Wherever reference is made in this Indenture to the authentication and delivery of Notes by the
Trustee or the Trustees certificate of authentication, such reference shall be deemed to include authentication and delivery on
behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating
Agent. Each Authenticating Agent shall be acceptable to the Issuer.

Any corporation into which an Authenticating Agent
may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation
to which such Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to all or substantially all the corporate agency or
corporate trust business of an Authenticating Agent, shall continue to be an Authenticating Agent; provided such corporation shall be
otherwise eligible under this Section 6.12, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of
the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent.

An Authenticating Agent may resign at any time by
giving written notice thereof to the Trustee and to the Issuer. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of an Authenticating
Agent by giving written notice thereof to such Authenticating Agent and to the Issuer. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation
or upon such a termination, or in case at any time such Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 6.12, the Trustee may appoint a successor Authenticating Agent which shall be acceptable to the Issuer and shall
give written notice of such appointment to all Holders of Notes, in the manner provided for in Section 1.07. Any successor
Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder shall become vested with all the rights, powers and duties of its predecessor
hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as an Authenticating Agent. No successor Authenticating Agent shall be appointed unless
eligible under the provisions of this Section 6.12.

The Issuer agrees to pay to each Authenticating
Agent from time to time such compensation for its services under this Section 6.12 as shall be agreed in writing between the Issuer
and such Authenticating Agent.

If an appointment is made pursuant to this Section 6.12,
the Notes may have endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustees certificate of authentication, an alternate certificate of authentication
in the following form:

This is one of the Notes referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture.

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

Date: By: 

as Authenticating Agent

By: 

Authorized Signatory

-86-

Article Seven

HOLDERS
LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE AND ISSUER

SECTION 7.01.Issuer
to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses. The Issuer will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee:

(1)semiannually,
not more than ten days after each Regular Record Date, a list, in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names
and addresses of the Holders as of such Regular Record Date; and

(2)at
such other times as the Trustee may reasonably request in writing, within 30 days after receipt by the Issuer of any such request,
a list of similar form and content to that in clause (1) hereof as of a date not more than 15 days prior to the time such
list is furnished;

provided that, if and so long as the Trustee shall be a Note Registrar,
no such list need be furnished.

SECTION 7.02.Reports
by Trustee.

Within 60 days after December 31 of
each year commencing with December 31, 2025, the Trustee shall transmit to the Holders of Notes (with a copy to the Issuer
at the address specified in Section 1.06), in the manner and to the extent provided in TIA Section 313(c), a brief report dated
as of such December 31 that complies with TIA Section 313(a), if so required by that Section. The Trustee also shall comply
with TIA Section 313(b). A copy of each such report shall, at the time of such transmission to Holders, be filed by the Trustee
with each stock exchange, if any, upon which the Notes are listed, with the SEC to the extent the Notes are registered, and with the
Issuer. The Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee in writing when the Notes are listed on any stock exchange and any delisting thereof.

Article Eight

MERGER,
CONSOLIDATION, AMALGAMATION OR SALE

OF ALL OR SUBSTANTIALLY ALL ASSETS

SECTION 8.01.Issuer
May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms.

(a)The
Issuer shall not merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into (whether or not the Issuer is the surviving Person), or
sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and
its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (net of any associated non-recourse or secured obligations), in one or more related transactions,
to any Person unless:

(1)the
Issuer is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation (if other than the
Issuer) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition will have been made is a Person organized
or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of the Issuer or the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the
District of Columbia (such Person, as the case may be, being herein called the Successor Company); provided that
in the case where the Successor Company is not a corporation, a corporation organized or existing under the laws of the United States,
any state thereof or the District of Columbia becomes a co-obligor of the Notes;

-87-

(2)the
Successor Company, if other than the Issuer, expressly assumes all the Obligations of the Issuer under this Indenture and the Notes,
in each case, pursuant to supplemental indentures or other documents or instruments in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee;

(3)immediately
after such transaction, no Event of Default exists;

(4)immediately
after giving pro forma effect to such transaction and any related financing transactions, as if such transactions had occurred at the
beginning of the Applicable Measurement Period,

(A)the
Successor Company or the Issuer would be permitted to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness under the provisions of Section 10.11(a), or

(B)the
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Issuer (or the Successor Company, as applicable) and its Restricted Subsidiaries would be equal to
or greater than the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the Applicable Measurement Period immediately
prior to such transaction; and

(5)the
Issuer or, if applicable, the Successor Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel, each stating that such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or disposition and
such supplemental indentures or other documents or instruments, if any, comply with this Indenture.

(b)The
Successor Company shall succeed to, and be substituted for, the Issuer under this Indenture and the Notes and the Issuer shall automatically
be released and discharged from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes.

This Article Eight shall not apply to (1) any
merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of assets, among the Issuer
and its Restricted Subsidiaries, (2) a merger, consolidation or amalgamation of the Issuer with or into an Affiliate of the Issuer,
solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Issuer in the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (3) any
Required Asset Sale that complies with Section 10.17 or (4) any contribution by the Issuer of Capital Stock of any or all of
its Subsidiaries to any Guarantor.

SECTION 8.02.Guarantors
May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms. Subject to Section 12.08, no Guarantor shall, and the Issuer shall not permit
a Guarantor to, merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into (whether or not such Guarantor is the surviving Person),
or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, in one or
more related transactions, to any Person unless:

-88-

(1)(A) 
such Guarantor is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation (if other
than such Guarantor or another Guarantor or the Issuer) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition
shall have been made is a Person organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Guarantor, as the case
may be, or the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (such Guarantor or such Person, as the case
may be, being herein called the Successor Guarantor);

(B)the
Successor Guarantor, if other than such Guarantor or another Guarantor or the Issuer, expressly assumes all the obligations of such Guarantor
under this Indenture and such Guarantors related Guarantee pursuant to supplemental indentures or other documents or instruments;
and

(C)except
in the case of a merger, consolidation or amalgamation entered into solely for the purpose of reincorporating a Guarantor in another
jurisdiction, immediately after such transaction, no Event of Default exists; or

(2)the
transaction is not prohibited by Section 10.17.

Subject to Section 12.08,
the Successor Guarantor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, such Guarantor under this Indenture and such Guarantors Guarantee
and such Guarantor will automatically be released and discharged from its obligations under this Indenture and such Guarantors
Guarantee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Guarantor may (i) merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into, wind up into or transfer
all or part of its properties and assets to another Guarantor or the Issuer, (ii) merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into
an Affiliate of the Issuer solely for the purpose of reincorporating or reorganizing the Guarantor in the United States, any state thereof,
or the District of Columbia, (iii) convert into a Person organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization
of such Guarantor or a jurisdiction in the United States, or (iv) liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form if the Board of
the Issuer or the senior management of the Issuer determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Issuer and
is not materially disadvantageous to the Holders, in each case, without regard to the requirements set forth in this Section 8.02.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in Section 1.03 of this Indenture, no Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel shall be required in connection
with the merger, consolidation, amalgamation or winding up of a Guarantor in accordance with this Section 8.02.

SECTION 8.03.Successor
Substituted. Upon any merger, consolidation or amalgamation or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or disposition of
all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer or any Guarantor in accordance with Sections 8.01 and 8.02 hereof,
the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer or such Guarantor, as the case may be, is merged or the successor
Person to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or disposition is made, shall succeed to, and be substituted for,
and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer or such Guarantor, as the case may be, under this Indenture or the Guarantees,
as the case may be, with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Issuer or such Guarantor, as the case may
be, herein or the Guarantees, as the case may be. When a successor Person assumes all obligations of its predecessor hereunder, the Notes
or the Guarantees, as the case may be, such predecessor shall be released from all obligations; provided that in the event of a transfer
or lease, the predecessor shall not be released from the payment of principal and interest or other obligations on the Notes or the Guarantees,
as the case may be.

-89-

SECTION 8.04.Division.
Any reference herein to a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed
to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust, or an allocation of assets to a series of
a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger,
consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person.
Any division of a limited liability company, limited partnership or trust shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division
of any limited liability company, limited partnership or trust that is a Subsidiary, Restricted Subsidiary, Unrestricted Subsidiary,
joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity).

Article Nine

SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURES

SECTION 9.01.Amendments
or Supplements Without Consent of Holders. The Issuer, any Guarantor (with respect to any amendment relating to its Guarantee or
this Indenture) and the Trustee (and any other agent party thereto (to the extent applicable)), as the case may be, at any time and from
time to time, may by a supplemental indenture hereto amend or supplement this Indenture, the Notes and any Guarantee without the consent
of any Holder, for any of the following purposes:

(1)to
cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency;

(2)to
provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes or to alter the provisions of this Indenture relating
to the form of the Notes (including the related definitions) in a manner that does not materially adversely affect any Holder;

(3)to
comply with Article Eight of this Indenture;

(4)to
provide for the assumption of the Issuers or any Guarantors obligations to the Holders pursuant to the terms of this Indenture;

(5)to
make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders or that does not adversely affect the legal rights
under this Indenture of any such Holder in any material respect;

(6)to
add or modify covenants for the benefit of the Holders or to surrender any right or power conferred upon the Issuer or any Guarantor;

(7)to
provide for the issuance of Additional Notes in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;

(8)to
comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act,
if applicable;

(9)to
evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment under this Indenture of a successor Trustee or a successor Paying Agent (or any
other applicable agent) hereunder pursuant to the terms hereof;

(10)to
add a Guarantor, a guarantee of a Parent Entity or a co-obligor of the Notes under this Indenture;

(11)to
comply with the rules of any applicable securities depositary;

-90-

(12)to
conform the text of this Indenture, the Guarantees or the Notes to any provision of the Description of Notes section of
the Offering Memorandum to the extent that such provision in the Description of Notes was intended to be a verbatim recitation
of a provision of this Indenture, the Guarantees or the Notes;

(13)to
make any amendment to the provisions of this Indenture relating to the transfer and legending of Notes as permitted by this Indenture,
including, without limitation, to facilitate the issuance and administration of the Notes; provided, however, that such amendment does
not materially and adversely affect the rights of Holders to transfer Notes;

(14)to
secure the Notes and/or the related Guarantees;

(15)to
release any Guarantor from its Guarantee pursuant to this Indenture when permitted or required by this Indenture;

(16)to
comply with the rules of any applicable securities depositary; and

(17)to
mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or grant any other Lien in favor of the Trustee, as additional security for the payment and performance
of all or any portion of the Obligations, in any property or assets, including any which are required to be mortgaged, pledged, or hypothecated,
or in which a Lien is required to be granted to or for the benefit of the Trustee pursuant to this Indenture or otherwise.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer
need not be a party to any supplemental indenture entered into pursuant to Section 10.15 or 12.03. No amendment to, or deletion
of any of the covenants described within this Indenture or action taken in compliance with the covenants in effect at the time of such
action, shall be deemed to impair or affect any legal rights of any Holders of the Notes to receive payment Notes or to institute suit
for the enforcement of any payment on or with respect to such Holders Notes.

SECTION 9.02.Amendments,
Supplements or Waivers with Consent of Holders.

(a)With
the consent of the Issuer and the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the then Outstanding Notes (including consents
obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, the Notes), the Issuer, any Guarantor (with respect
to any Guarantee to which it is a party or this Indenture) and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture, the Notes or
any Guarantee by a supplemental indenture hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions hereto or thereto, changing in any manner or
eliminating any of the provisions hereof or thereof or modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders hereunder or thereunder (including
consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, the Notes), and any existing Default or Event
of Default or compliance with any provision of this Indenture, the Notes or any Guarantee may be waived with the consent of the Holders
of at least a majority in principal amount of the then Outstanding Notes (including consents obtained in connection with a purchase of,
or tender offer or exchange offer for, the Notes); provided that, without the consent of each affected Holder, no such amendment, supplement
or waiver shall, with respect to any Notes held by a non-consenting Holder:

(1)reduce
the principal amount of such Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver;

-91-

(2)reduce
the principal of or change the Maturity of any such Note or reduce the premium payable upon the redemption of such Notes or change the
time at which such Notes may be redeemed pursuant to Section 11.01; provided that any amendment to the minimum notice requirement
may be made with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then Outstanding Notes;

(3)reduce
the rate of or change the time for payment of interest on any Note;

(4)waive
a Default or Event of Default in the payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Notes, except a rescission of acceleration
of the Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes and a waiver of the payment
default that resulted from such acceleration, or in respect of a covenant or provision contained in this Indenture, the Notes or any
Guarantee which cannot be amended or modified without the consent of all affected Holders;

(5)make
any Note payable in money other than that stated therein;

(6)make
any change in Section 5.13 or the rights of Holders to receive payments of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on
the Notes;

(7)make
any change in these amendment and waiver provisions;

(8)amend
the contractual right of any Holder expressly set forth in this Indenture and the Notes to institute suit for the enforcement of any
payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on such Holders Notes on or after the due dates therefor;

(9)make
any change to or modify the ranking of the Notes that would adversely affect the Holders; or

(10)except
as expressly permitted by this Indenture, modify the Guarantee of any Significant Subsidiary in any manner materially adverse to the
Holders.

(b)It
shall not be necessary for the consent of Holders under this Section 9.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment
or waiver, and it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 9.02, Article 5 or otherwise in this Indenture, for purposes of determining whether the Holders of at least a majority
in principal amount of the Notes then-outstanding or any of the Holders, as applicable, have (i) consented (or not consented) to
any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of the Indenture, the Notes or the Guarantees
or any departure by the Issuer or any Guarantor therefrom, (ii) otherwise acted on any matter related to this Indenture, the Notes
or the Guarantees or (iii) directed or required the Trustee or any Holder to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action)
with respect to or under this Indenture, the Notes or the Guarantees, all Notes held or beneficially owned by any Holder (or beneficial
owner) or any Affiliate of such Holder (or beneficial owner), shall not, subject to the proviso to this paragraph below, account for
more than 20.0% of the Notes outstanding at any time (with respect to any Holder (or beneficial owner) (collectively with any Affiliates
of such Holder (or beneficial owner)), the Voting Cap) included in determining whether the Holders of at least a
majority in principal amount of the Notes then-outstanding or any of the Holders, as applicable, have consented to any action (or refrained
from taking any action) or provided any consent or waiver pursuant to this Section 9.02. All Notes held or beneficially owned by
any Holder (or beneficial owner) or any Affiliate of such Holder (or beneficial owner) in excess of the Voting Cap shall be deemed to
not be outstanding for all purposes of calculating whether the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes then-outstanding,
or with respect to any other action which requires the consent of the Holders, the Holders, as applicable, have taken any action (or
refrained from taking any action) or provided any consent or waiver; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, in
its sole discretion, consent to an increase of the Voting Cap for any individual Holder (or beneficial owner) (collectively with any
Affiliates of such Holder (or beneficial owner)) from time to time, which increase shall become effective with respect to the Voting
Cap solely for such Holder (or beneficial owner) (collectively with any Affiliates of such Holder (or beneficial owner)) (and not, for
the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Voting Cap for any other Holder (or beneficial owner) or the Affiliates of any other Holder
(or beneficial owner)) upon written notice to the Trustee.

-92-

In connection with any action under this Indenture,
the Notes or the Guarantees that requires a determination of whether the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes
then-outstanding or any of the Holders, as applicable, have consented to such action or otherwise acted on any matter or directed the
Trustee to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action), the Issuer shall identify (i) the amount of Notes held or beneficially
owned by a Holder (or beneficial owner) or any Affiliates of such Holder (or beneficial owner), (ii) the amount of the Voting Cap
applicable to any Holder (or beneficial owner) and its Affiliates and (iii) whether and to what extent the Voting Cap is triggered
with respect to such consent, action or direction in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, upon which the Trustee
shall be entitled to conclusively rely without investigation. In the absence of such Officers Certificate, the Trustee shall treat
the Voting Cap provisions as being inapplicable.

SECTION 9.03.Execution
of Amendments, Supplements or Waivers. In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any amendment, supplement or
waiver permitted by this Article or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Trustee shall be provided
with, and shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution
of such amendment, supplement or waiver is authorized and permitted by this Indenture and that such amendment, supplement or waiver is
the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Issuer and any Guarantors party thereto, enforceable against them in accordance with its
terms, subject to customary exceptions and qualifications, and complies with the provisions hereof. The Trustee has no duty to determine
whether a supplemental indenture under this Article Nine need be entered into or whether any provisions of any supplemental indenture
are correct. The Trustee shall not be responsible for the Issuers failure to comply with this Article. Guarantors may, but shall
not be required to, execute supplemental indentures that do not modify such Guarantors Guarantee. The Trustee may, but shall not
be obligated to, enter into any such amendment, supplement or waiver which affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities
under this Indenture or otherwise.

SECTION 9.04.Effect
of Amendments, Supplements or Waivers. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture under this Article, this Indenture shall
be modified in accordance therewith, and such amendment, supplement or waiver shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes;
and every Holder of Notes theretofore or thereafter authenticated and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby.

SECTION 9.05.[Reserved].

SECTION 9.06.Reference
in Notes to Supplemental Indentures. Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant
to this Article may, and shall if required by the Trustee, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided
for in such supplemental indenture. If the Issuer shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee
and the Issuer, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the
Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Notes.

-93-

SECTION 9.07.Notice
of Supplemental Indentures. Promptly after the execution by the Issuer, any Guarantor and the Trustee of any supplemental indenture
pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.02, the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the Holders of each Outstanding Note affected,
in the manner provided for in Section 1.07, setting forth in general terms the substance of such supplemental indenture; provided
that failure to give such notice shall not impair the validity of such supplemental indenture.

Article Ten

COVENANTS

SECTION 10.01.Payment
of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest. The Issuer covenants and agrees for the benefit of the Holders that it will duly and
punctually pay the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Notes in accordance with the terms of the Notes and this Indenture.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal
at the rate specified therefor in the Notes, and it shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the same rate to the extent
lawful.

SECTION 10.02.Maintenance
of Office or Agency. The Issuer will maintain in The City of New York, an office or agency where Notes may be presented or surrendered
for payment, where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer
in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The designated office of the Trustee shall be such office or agency of the
Issuer in The City of New York, unless the Issuer shall designate and maintain some other office or agency for one or more of such
purposes. The Issuer will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any change in the location of such office or agency. If at
any time the Issuer shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof,
such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and the Issuer
hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands.

The Issuer may also from time to time designate
one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from
time to time rescind any such designation; provided, that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Issuer of
its obligation to maintain an office or agency in The City of New York. The Issuer will give prompt written notice to the Trustee
of any such designation or rescission and any change in the location of any such other office or agency.

SECTION 10.03.Money
for Notes Payments to Be Held in Trust. If the Issuer shall at any time act as its own Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due
date of the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on any of the Notes, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Persons
entitled thereto a sum sufficient to pay the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest so becoming due until such sums shall be paid
to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of its action or failure
so to act.

-94-

Whenever the Issuer shall have one or more
Paying Agents for the Notes, it will, on or before each due date of the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on any Notes in
accordance with Section 10.01, deposit with a Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay the principal (and premium, if any) or interest
so becoming due, such sum to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such principal, premium or interest, and (unless
such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of such action or any failure so to act.

Each Paying Agent agrees:

(1)that
it will hold all sums received by it as Paying Agent for the payment of the principal of or interest on any Notes in trust for the benefit
of the Holders or of the Trustee;

(2)that
it will give the Trustee notice of any failure by the Issuer to make any payment of the principal of or interest on any Notes and any
other payments to be made by or on behalf of the Issuer under this Indenture or the Notes when the same shall be due and payable; and

(3)that
it will pay any such sums so held in trust by it to the Trustee forthwith upon the Trustees written request at any time during
the continuance of the failure referred to in clause (2) above.

The Issuer may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining
the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or by Issuer Order direct any Paying Agent to pay, to
the Trustee all sums held in trust by the Issuer or such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the same trusts as those
upon which such sums were held by the Issuer or such Paying Agent; and, upon such payment by any Paying Agent to the Trustee, such Paying
Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such sums.

Any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying
Agent, or then held by the Issuer, in trust for the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on any Note and remaining
unclaimed for two years after such principal, premium or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Issuer on Issuer
Request or (if then held by the Issuer) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured
general creditor, look only to the Issuer for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to
such trust money, and all liability of the Issuer as Trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease; provided, that the Trustee or such Paying
Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may at the expense of the Issuer cause to be published once, in a newspaper
published in the English language, customarily published on each Business Day and of general circulation in the Borough of Manhattan,
The City of New York, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which shall not be less than
30 days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the Issuer.

SECTION 10.04.Organizational
Existence. Subject to Article Eight, the Issuer will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in
full force and effect its organizational existence and that of each Restricted Subsidiary and the rights and franchises of the Issuer
and each Restricted Subsidiary to conduct business; provided, that the Issuer shall not be required to preserve any such right or franchise
if the Board of the Issuer shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the
Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries will be permitted
to change their organizational form; provided that for so long as the Issuer is organized as a partnership or a limited liability company,
it will maintain a corporate co-issuer of the Notes.

-95-

SECTION 10.05.Payment
of Taxes and Other Claims. The Issuer will pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall become delinquent,
(1) all taxes, assessments and governmental charges levied or imposed upon the Issuer or any Subsidiary or upon the income, profits
or property of the Issuer or any Subsidiary and (2) all lawful claims for labor, materials and supplies, which, if unpaid, might
by law become a lien upon the property of the Issuer or any Subsidiary; provided, that the Issuer shall not be required to pay or discharge
or cause to be paid or discharged any such tax, assessment, charge or claim whose amount, applicability or validity is being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves, if necessary (in the good faith judgment of management of
the Issuer) are being maintained in accordance with GAAP.

SECTION 10.06.[Reserved].

SECTION 10.07.[Reserved].

SECTION 10.08.Statement
by Officer as to Default.

(a)The
Issuer will deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year beginning with the fiscal year ended December 31,
2025, an Officers Certificate stating that a review of the activities of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries during the
preceding fiscal year has been made under the supervision of the signing officer with a view to determining whether it has kept,
observed, performed and fulfilled, and has caused each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to keep, observe, perform and fulfill its obligations
under this Indenture and further stating that, to the best of his or her knowledge, the Issuer during such preceding fiscal year
has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled, and has caused each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to keep, observe, perform and fulfill
each and every such covenant contained in this Indenture and no Default or Event of Default occurred during such year and at the
date of such certificate there is no Default or Event of Default which has occurred and is continuing or, if such signers do know of
such Default or Event of Default, the certificate shall describe its status, with particularity and that, to the best of his or her knowledge,
no event has occurred and remains by reason of which payments on the account of the principal of or interest, if any, on the Notes is
prohibited or if such event has occurred, a description of the event and what action each is taking or proposes to take with respect
thereto. The Officers Certificate shall also notify the Trustee should the Issuer elect to change the manner in which it fixes
its fiscal year-end. For purposes of this Section 10.08(a), such compliance shall be determined without regard to any period
of grace or requirement of notice under this Indenture.

(b)When
any Default has occurred and is continuing under this Indenture, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee by registered or certified mail
or facsimile transmission an Officers Certificate specifying such event, notice or other action within 30 calendar days of becoming
aware of such Default.

For the avoidance of doubt, any Default or Event
of Default resulting from the failure to deliver a notice, report or certificate under this Indenture shall cease to exist and be cured
in all respects if the underlying Default or Event of Default giving rise to such notice, report or certificate requirement shall have
ceased to exist and/or be cured (including pursuant to this paragraph). For the avoidance of doubt, each of the parties to this Indenture
agrees that any court of competent jurisdiction may (x) extend or stay any grace period set forth in this Indenture prior to when
any actual or alleged Default becomes an actual or alleged Event of Default or (y) stay the exercise of remedies by the Trustee
or Holders contemplated by this Indenture or otherwise upon the occurrence of an actual or alleged Event of Default, in each case of
clauses (x) and (y), in accordance with the requirements of applicable law.

-96-

SECTION 10.09.Reports
and Other Information.

(a)Following
the Issue Date and so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall furnish to the Holders:

(1)(x) all
annual and quarterly financial statements substantially in forms that would be required to be contained in a filing with the SEC on Forms
10-K and 10-Q of the Issuer, if the Issuer were required to file such forms, plus a Managements Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, (y) with respect to the annual and quarterly information, a presentation
of Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Offering Memorandum) of the Issuer substantially consistent with the presentation
thereof in the Offering Memorandum and derived from such financial information, and (z) with respect to the annual financial statements
only, a report on the annual financial statements by the Issuers independent registered public accounting firm; and

(2)within
10 Business Days after the occurrence of an event required to be therein reported, such other information containing substantially the
same information that would be required to be contained in filings with the SEC on Form 8-K under Items 1.01, 1.02, 1.03, 2.01 (which,
with respect to acquisitions, shall be only with respect to acquisitions that are significant pursuant to clauses (1) and
(2) of the definition of Significant Subsidiary under Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X), 2.05, 2.06, 4.01, 4.02, 5.01
and 5.02(b) (only with respect to the principal executive officer, president, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer and principal operating officer) and 5.02(c) (other than with respect to information otherwise required or contemplated
by Item 402 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC) as in effect on the Issue Date if the Issuer were required to file such reports;
provided, however, that no such current report shall be required to include as an exhibit, or to include a summary of the terms of, any
employment or compensatory arrangement agreement, plan or understanding between the Issuer (or any Parent Entity or its Subsidiaries)
and any director, manager or executive officer, of the Issuer (or any Parent Entity or its Subsidiaries);

provided, however, that (i) in no event shall such financial
statements, information or reports be required to comply with (w) Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC (or
such other rule or regulation that amends, supplements or replaces such Rule 3-10, including for the avoidance of doubt, Rules 13-01
or 13-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC), (x) Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X (or such other rule or regulation
that amends, supplements or replaces such Rule 3-09), (y) Rule 3-16 of Regulation S-X (or such other rule or
regulation that amends, supplements or replaces such Rule 3-16) or (z) any requirement to otherwise include any schedules or
separate financial statements of any Subsidiaries of the Issuer or any Parent Entity, Affiliates or equity method investees, (ii) in
no event shall such financial statements, information or reports be required to comply with Regulation G under the Exchange Act
or Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC with respect to any non-GAAP financial measures contained therein, (iii) no
such financial statements, information or reports referenced under clause (2) above shall be required to be furnished if the
Issuer determines in its good faith judgment that such event is not material to the Holders or the business, assets, operations or financial
position of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (iv) in no event shall such financial statements, information
or reports be required to include any information that is not otherwise similar to information currently included in the Offering Memorandum,
other than with respect to information or reports provided under clause (2) above and (v) in no event shall information
or reports referenced in clause (2) above be required to include as an exhibit copies of any agreements, financial statements
or other items that would be required to be filed as exhibits to a current report on Form 8-K except for (x) agreements evidencing
material Indebtedness and (y) historical and pro forma financial statements to the extent reasonably available and, in any case
with respect to pro forma financial statements, to include only pro forma revenues, Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the
Offering Memorandum and on a basis substantially consistent with the presentation thereof in the Offering Memorandum) and capital expenditures
in lieu thereof.

-97-

All such annual information and reports shall be
furnished within 90 days after the end of the fiscal year to which they relate, and all such quarterly information and reports shall
be furnished within 45 days after the end of the fiscal quarter to which they relate.

At any time that any of the Issuers Subsidiaries
are Unrestricted Subsidiaries and exceed in the aggregate the lesser of (i) 5% of the Total Assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries
and (ii) 5% of the total consolidated revenue for the preceding fiscal year of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, the quarterly and
annual financial information required by the preceding paragraph will include a reasonably detailed presentation, either on the
face of the financial statements or in the footnotes thereto, in the Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations or other comparable section, of the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and
Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and results of operations of such Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the Issuer.

The Issuer shall make available such information
and such reports (as well as, if required, the details regarding the audio presentation or conference call, as applicable, described
below) to any Holder and, upon request, to any beneficial owner of the Notes, in each case by posting such information and reports on
its website, on Intralinks or any comparable password-protected online data system which shall require a confidentiality acknowledgment,
and shall make such information and reports readily available to any Holder, any bona fide prospective investor in the Notes as determined
in the Issuers sole discretion and which prospective investors shall, in any event, be limited to qualified institutional
buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act or non-U.S. persons that certify their status as such to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer), any securities analyst (to the extent providing analysis of investment in the notes) or any market
maker in the Notes who agrees to treat such information and reports as confidential or accesses such information and reports on Intralinks
or any comparable password-protected online data system which shall require a confidentiality acknowledgment; provided that the Issuer
shall post such information and reports thereon and make readily available any password or other login information to any such Holder,
bona fide prospective investor, securities analyst or market maker; provided, further, however, that the Issuer may deny access to any
competitively-sensitive information and reports otherwise to be provided pursuant to this paragraph to any such Holder, beneficial
owners, bona fide prospective investor, security analyst or market maker that is a competitor of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries to the
extent that the Issuer determines in good faith that the provision of such information and reports to such Person would be competitively
harmful to the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; and provided, further, that such Holders, beneficial owners, bona fide prospective investors,
security analysts or market makers shall agree to (i) treat all such reports (and the information contained therein) and information
as confidential, (ii) not use such reports and the information contained therein for any purpose other than their investment or
potential investment in the Notes and (iii) not publicly disclose any such reports (and the information contained therein).

If the Issuer (or a Parent Entity) is not required
to file reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Issuer shall, within a reasonably prompt period of time
following the disclosure of the annual and quarterly information required above, (i) conduct an audio presentation consistent with
past practice of the Issuer or (ii) hold a conference call, in either case, with respect to such information and results of operations
for the relevant reporting period. No fewer than three (3) Business Days prior to the date of the audio presentation or conference
call required to be held in accordance with the preceding sentence, the Company shall issue a press release to the appropriate internationally
recognized wire services announcing the date that such information will be available and the time and date of such audio presentation
or conference call.

-98-

(b)The
Issuer shall provide S&P and Moodys (and their respective successors) with information on a periodic basis as S&P or Moodys,
as the case may be, shall reasonably require in order to maintain public ratings of the Notes. In addition, to the extent not satisfied
by the foregoing, the Issuer shall furnish to prospective investors, upon their request, any information required to be delivered pursuant
to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act so long as the Notes are not freely transferable under the Securities Act.

(c)The
Issuer may satisfy its obligations under this Section 10.09 with respect to financial information relating to the Issuer by furnishing
financial and other information relating to any Parent Entity instead of the Issuer; provided that to the extent such Parent Entity
holds assets (other than its direct or indirect interest in the Issuer) that exceeds the lesser of (i) 1.0% of Total Assets of such
Parent Entity and (ii) 1.0% of the total consolidated revenue for the preceding fiscal year of such Parent Entity, then such information
related to such Parent Entity shall be accompanied by consolidating information, which may be unaudited, that explains in reasonable
detail the differences between the information of such Parent Entity, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Issuer
and its Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis, on the other hand.

(d)The
Issuer shall be deemed to have furnished the financial statements and other information referred to in Section 10.09(a)(1) and
(2) if the Issuer or any Parent Entity has filed reports containing such information with the SEC.

To the extent any information is not provided within
the time periods specified in this Section 10.09 and such information is subsequently provided, the Issuer shall be deemed to have
satisfied its obligations with respect thereto at such time and any Default with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been cured.
The Trustee shall have no responsibility to determine if the Issuer has filed any statements or information with the SEC or posted such
statements or information on its website or Intralinks or any comparable password-protected online data system.

SECTION 10.10.Limitation
on Restricted Payments.

(a)The
Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

(I)declare
or pay any dividend or make any payment or distribution on account of the Issuers or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
Equity Interests (in each case, solely to a holder of Equity Interests in such Persons capacity as a holder of such Equity Interests),
including any dividend or distribution payable in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation other than:

(A)dividends,
payments or distributions by the Issuer payable solely in Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or in options,
warrants or other rights to purchase such Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock); or

(B)dividends,
payments or distributions by a Restricted Subsidiary so long as, in the case of any dividend, payment or distribution payable on or in
respect of any class or series of securities issued by a Restricted Subsidiary other than a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Issuer, the
Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary receives at least its pro rata share of such dividend, payment or distribution in accordance with its
Equity Interests in such class or series of securities;

-99-

(II)purchase,
redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Equity Interests of the Issuer or any Parent Entity, including in connection
with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation, in each case held by a Person other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary;

(III)make
any principal payment on, or redeem, repurchase, defease, discharge or otherwise acquire or retire for value, in each case prior to any
scheduled repayment, sinking fund payment or maturity, any Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor, other than:

(A)Indebtedness
permitted to be incurred or issued under clauses (11), (12) or (13) of Section 10.11(b); or

(B)the
redemption, defeasance, purchase, repurchase, discharge or other acquisition of Subordinated Indebtedness purchased in anticipation of
satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or final maturity, in each case due within one year of the date of redemption,
defeasance, purchase, repurchase, discharge or acquisition; or

(IV)make
any Restricted Investment;

(all such payments and other actions set forth in clauses (I) through
(IV) above (other than any exceptions thereto) being collectively referred to as Restricted Payments), unless,
at the time of such Restricted Payment:

(1)in
the case of a Restricted Payment other than a Restricted Investment, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or
would occur as a consequence thereof and, in the case of a Restricted Investment utilizing clause (3)(g) of Section 10.10(a),
no Event of Default described under clause (1), (2) or (6) under Section 5.01 shall have occurred and be continuing or
would occur as a consequence thereof;

(2)except
in the case of a Restricted Investment, the Relevant Condition is satisfied at the time thereof, or immediately after giving effect to
such transaction on a pro forma basis, the Issuer could incur $1.00 of additional Indebtedness under Section 10.11(a); and

(3)such
Restricted Payment, together with the aggregate amount of all other Restricted Payments made by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries
after September 29, 2020 (including Restricted Payments permitted by clauses (1), (2) (with respect to the payment of
dividends on Refunding Capital Stock (as defined below) pursuant to clause (b) thereof only), (6)(C) and (8) of Section 10.10(b),
but excluding all other Restricted Payments permitted by Section 10.10(b)), is less than the sum of (without duplication):

(a) 50.0% of the Consolidated Net Income of the Issuer for each fiscal quarter
from July 1, 2020 to June 30, 2021, or, in the case such Consolidated Net Income
for such period is a deficit, minus 100% of such deficit (taken as one accounting period),
plus

-100-

(b) (I) in the event that the Relevant Condition is not satisfied at
the time thereof and after giving effect thereto, 50.0% of the Consolidated Net Income of
the Issuer for each fiscal quarter from July 1, 2021 to the end of the Issuers
most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are available
at the time of such Restricted Payment, or, in the case such Consolidated Net Income for
such period is a deficit, minus 100% of such deficit (taken as one accounting period); or

(II) in the event that the Relevant Condition is satisfied
at the time thereof and after giving effect thereto, 100.0% of the Consolidated Net Income of the Issuer for each fiscal quarter from
July 1, 2021 to the end of the Issuers most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are available
at the time of such Restricted Payment, or, in the case such Consolidated Net Income for such period is a deficit, minus 100% of such
deficit (taken as one accounting period); plus

(c)100%
of the aggregate net cash proceeds and the fair market value of marketable securities or other property received by the Issuer and its
Restricted Subsidiaries since September 29, 2020 (other than net cash proceeds to the extent such net cash proceeds have been used
to incur Indebtedness or issue Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 10.11(b)(16)(a) from the issue or
sale of:

(x)(A)Equity
Interests of the Issuer, including Treasury Capital Stock (as defined below), but excluding cash proceeds and the fair market value of
marketable securities or other property received from the sale of:

(i)Equity
Interests to any future, current or former employees, directors, managers or consultants of the Issuer, its Subsidiaries or any Parent
Entity after September 29, 2020, to the extent such amounts have been applied to Restricted Payments made in accordance with Section 10.10(b)(4); and

(ii)Designated
Preferred Stock; and

(B)Equity
Interests of any Parent Entity, to the extent such net cash proceeds are actually contributed to the Issuer (excluding contributions
of the proceeds from the sale of Designated Preferred Stock of such companies or contributions to the extent such amounts have been applied
to Restricted Payments made in accordance with Section 10.10(b)(4)); or

(y)Indebtedness
or Disqualified Stock of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary that has been converted into or exchanged for such Equity Interests
(other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or a Parent Entity;

-101-

provided, however, that this clause (c) shall
not include the proceeds from (W) Refunding Capital Stock (as defined below), (X) Equity Interests (or Indebtedness that has
been converted or exchanged for Equity Interests) of the Issuer sold to a Subsidiary, (Y) Disqualified Stock (or debt securities
that have been converted or exchanged into Disqualified Stock) or (Z) Excluded Contributions, plus

(d)100%
of the aggregate amount of cash and the fair market value of marketable securities or other property contributed to the capital of the
Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary (including the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary
contributed to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary for cancellation) (to the extent not constituting an Asset Sale by the Issuer or
a Restricted Subsidiary) or that becomes part of the capital of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary through consolidation or merger
after July 31, 2018 (other than net cash proceeds to the extent such net cash proceeds (i) have been used to incur Indebtedness
or issue Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 10.11(b)(16)(a), (ii) are contributed by the Issuer or a
Restricted Subsidiary or (iii) constitute Excluded Contributions), plus

(e)100%
of the aggregate amount received in cash and the fair market value of marketable securities or other property received by the Issuer
or a Restricted Subsidiary by means of:

(A)the
sale or other disposition (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) of, or other returns on Investment from, Restricted Investments
made by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries and repurchases and redemptions of, such Restricted Investments from the Issuer or
its Restricted Subsidiaries and repayments of loans or advances, and releases of guarantees, which constitute Restricted Investments
made by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, after September 29, 2020; or

(B)the
sale or other disposition (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) of the Equity Interests of an Unrestricted Subsidiary
or a distribution from an Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than in each case to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary
constituted a Permitted Investment) or a dividend or distribution from an Unrestricted Subsidiary after September 29, 2020; plus

(f)in
the case of the redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or the merger, amalgamation or consolidation of
an Unrestricted Subsidiary into the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of an
Unrestricted Subsidiary to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary after September 29, 2020, the fair market value of the Investment
in such Unrestricted Subsidiary (or the net assets transferred) at the time of the redesignation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a
Restricted Subsidiary or at the time of such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or transfer of assets, other than to the extent such
Investment constituted a Permitted Investment, plus

-102-

(g)the
greater of (x) $265.0 million and (y) 7.0% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth.

(b)The
foregoing provisions shall not prohibit:

(1)the
payment of any dividend or distribution or the consummation of any irrevocable redemption within 60 days after the date of declaration
thereof or the giving of such irrevocable notice, as applicable, if, at the date of declaration or the giving of such notice, as applicable,
such payment would have complied with the provisions of this Indenture (assuming, in the case of a redemption payment, the giving of
the notice of such redemption payment would have been deemed to be a Restricted Payment at such time);

(2)(A) the
prepayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, discharge, retirement or other acquisition of any Equity Interests, including any accrued
and unpaid dividends thereon (Treasury Capital Stock), or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted
Subsidiary or any Equity Interests of any Parent Entity, in exchange for, or in an amount equal to or less than the proceeds of a sale
or issuance (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary) of Equity Interests of the Issuer or any Parent Entity to the extent contributed
to the Issuer (in each case, other than any Disqualified Stock) (Refunding Capital Stock) made within 120 days
of such sale or issuance of Refunding Capital Stock, and

(B)if
immediately prior to the retirement of Treasury Capital Stock, the declaration and payment of dividends thereon was permitted under Section 10.10(b)(6),
the declaration and payment of dividends on the Refunding Capital Stock (other than Refunding Capital Stock the proceeds of which were
used to redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any Equity Interests of any Parent Entity) in an aggregate amount per year no
greater than the aggregate amount of dividends per annum that were declarable and payable on such Treasury Capital Stock immediately
prior to such retirement;

(3)the
prepayment, redemption, defeasance, repurchase, retirement, discharge, exchange or other acquisition for value of (i) Subordinated
Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor made in exchange for, or in an amount equal to or less than the proceeds of a sale of, new
Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor or Disqualified Stock of the Issuer or a Guarantor made within 120 days of such incurrence
or issuance of new Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock or (ii) Disqualified Stock of the Issuer or a Guarantor made in exchange for,
or out of the proceeds of a sale of, Disqualified Stock of the Issuer or a Guarantor made within 120 days of such sale of Disqualified
Stock, that, in each case is incurred or issued, as applicable, in compliance with Section 10.11 so long as:

(A)the
principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such new Indebtedness or the liquidation preference of such new Disqualified Stock
does not exceed the principal amount of (or accreted value, if applicable), plus any accrued and unpaid interest on, the Subordinated
Indebtedness or the liquidation preference of, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on, the Disqualified Stock being so prepaid, redeemed,
defeased, repurchased, exchanged, discharged, acquired or retired for value, plus the amount of any premium (including tender premiums),
defeasance costs, underwriting discounts and any fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of such new Indebtedness
or Disqualified Stock and such prepayment, redemption, defeasance, repurchase, exchange, discharge, acquisition or retirement;

-103-

(B)such
new Indebtedness is subordinated to the Notes or the applicable Guarantee at least to the same extent as such Subordinated Indebtedness
so prepaid, redeemed, defeased, repurchased, exchanged, discharged, acquired or retired;

(C)such
new Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock has a final scheduled maturity date or mandatory redemption date, as applicable, equal to or later
than the final scheduled maturity date or mandatory redemption date of the Subordinated Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock being so prepaid,
redeemed, defeased, repurchased, exchanged, discharged, acquired or retired (or if earlier, such date that is at least 91 days after
the maturity date of the Notes); and

(D)such
new Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the remaining Weighted Average
Life to Maturity of the Subordinated Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock being so prepaid, redeemed, defeased, repurchased, exchanged,
discharged, acquired or retired (or requires no or nominal payments in cash (other than interest payments) prior to the date that is
91 days after the maturity date of the Notes);

(4)a
Restricted Payment to pay for the repurchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified
Stock) of the Issuer or any Parent Entity held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager or consultant (or
their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members, or any permitted transferee thereof) of the Issuer, any
of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity pursuant to any management, director, employee and/or advisor equity plan or equity option plan
or any other management, director, employee and/or advisor benefit plan or agreement or any equity subscription or equityholder agreement
or any termination agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any principal and interest payable on any Indebtedness issued by
the Issuer or any Parent Entity in connection with such repurchase, retirement or other acquisition), including any Equity Interests
rolled over by management, directors or employees of the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity in connection with any
corporate transaction; provided, however, that the aggregate Restricted Payments made under this clause (4) do not exceed in
any fiscal year the greater of (x) $85.0 million and (y) 2.25% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth (with unused amounts in any
fiscal year being carried over to succeeding fiscal years); provided, further, that such amount in any fiscal year may be increased by
an amount not to exceed:

(A)the
cash proceeds from the sale of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer and, to the extent contributed to the Issuer,
the cash proceeds from the sale of Equity Interests of any Parent Entity, in each case to any future, present or former employees, directors,
officers, managers or consultants (or their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) of the Issuer, any
of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity that occurs after September 29, 2020; provided that the amount of such cash proceeds utilized
for any such repurchase, retirement or other acquisition for value will not increase the amount available for Restricted Payments under
Section 10.10(a)(3); plus

(B)the
amount of any cash bonuses otherwise payable to employees, directors, officers, managers or consultants (or their respective Controlled
Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members, or any permitted transferee thereof) of the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries or any
Parent Entity that are foregone in exchange for the receipt of Equity Interests of the Issuer or any Parent Entity pursuant to any compensation
arrangement, including any deferred compensation plan; plus

-104-

(C)the
cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the Issuer or the Restricted Subsidiaries (or any Parent Entity to the extent
contributed to the Issuer) after September 29, 2020; less

(D)the
amount of any Restricted Payments previously made with the cash proceeds described in clauses (A), (B) and (C) of this
Section 10.10(b)(4);

provided that the Issuer may elect to apply all or any portion
of the aggregate increase contemplated by clauses (A), (B) and (C) of this Section 10.10(b)(4) in any fiscal
year; provided, further, that cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary from any future, present
or former employees, directors, officers, managers or consultants (or their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate
Family Members, or any permitted transferee thereof) of the Issuer, any Parent Entity or any of the Issuers Restricted Subsidiaries
in connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests of the Issuer or any Parent Entity will not be deemed to constitute a Restricted
Payment for purposes of this covenant or any other provision of this Indenture;

(5)the
declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Disqualified Stock of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
or any class or series of Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case issued in accordance with the covenant described
under Section 10.11 to the extent such dividends are included in the definition of Fixed Charges;

(6)(A) the
declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock)
issued by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after September 29, 2020;

(B)the
declaration and payment of dividends to a Parent Entity, the proceeds of which shall be used to fund the payment of dividends to holders
of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of such Parent Entity issued after September 29,
2020; provided that the amount of dividends paid pursuant to this clause (B) shall not exceed the aggregate amount of cash
actually contributed to the Issuer from the sale of such Designated Preferred Stock; or

(C)the
declaration and payment of dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock in excess of the dividends declarable and payable
thereon pursuant to Section 10.10(b)(2);

provided, however, that, in the case of each of clauses
(A) and (C) of this clause (6), for the Applicable Measurement Period at the date of issuance of such Designated Preferred
Stock or the declaration of such dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock, after giving effect to such issuance or
declaration, as applicable, on a pro forma basis, the Issuer could incur $1.00 of additional Indebtedness under the provisions of Section 10.11(a);

(7)payments
made or expected to be made by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of withholding or similar taxes payable in connection
with the exercise or vesting of Equity Interests or any other equity award by any future, present or former employee, director, officer,
manager or consultant (or their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members, or any permitted transferee
thereof) of the Issuer, any Parent Entity or any of the Issuers Restricted Subsidiaries and repurchases or withholdings of Equity
Interests in connection with the exercise of any stock or other equity options or warrants or other incentive interests or the vesting
of equity awards if such Equity Interests represent all or a portion of the exercise price thereof or payments in lieu of the issuance
of fractional Equity Interests, or withholding obligation with respect to, such options or warrants or other incentive interests or other
Equity Interests or equity awards;

-105-

(8)the
declaration and payment of dividends on the Issuers common equity (or the payment of dividends to any Parent Entity to fund a
payment of dividends on such entitys common equity) in an amount per annum not to exceed 7.0% of Market Capitalization;

(9)Restricted
Payments (A) in an amount that does not exceed the aggregate amount of Excluded Contributions received since September 29,
2020 and (B) without duplication with clause (A), in an amount equal to the net cash proceeds from any sale or disposition of, or
distribution in respect of, Investments acquired after September 29, 2020, to the extent the acquisition of such Investments
was financed in reliance on clause (A) and provided that such amount will not increase the amount available for Restricted Payments
under Section 10.10(a)(3);

(10)other
Restricted Payments (A) in an aggregate amount taken together with all other Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (10),
not to exceed the greater of (x) $320.0 million and (y) 8.5% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth at the time of such Restricted
Payment and (B) without duplication with clause (A), in an amount equal to the net cash proceeds from any sale or disposition of,
or distribution in respect of, Investments acquired after September 29, 2020, to the extent the acquisition of such Investments
was financed in reliance on clause (A) and provided that such amount will not increase the amount available for Restricted Payments
under Section 10.10(a)(3);

(11)any
Restricted Payment used to fund amounts owed to Affiliates (including dividends to any Parent Entity to permit payment by such Parent
Entity of such amount) to the extent permitted by Section 10.13;

(12)(A) the
repurchase, redemption, defeasance, acquisition, retirement or discharge of any Subordinated Indebtedness in accordance with provisions
similar to those of Section 10.16 and Section 10.17; provided that (x) at or prior to such repurchase, redemption, defeasance,
acquisition, retirement or discharge, the Issuer (or a third Person permitted by this Indenture) has made a Change of Control Triggering
Event Offer, Asset Sale Offer, Alternate Offer or Advance Offer, as the case may be, with respect to the Notes to the extent required
as a result of such Change of Control Triggering Event or Asset Sale, as the case may be, and (y) all Notes tendered by Holders
in connection with the relevant Change of Control Triggering Event Offer, Asset Sale Offer, Alternate Offer or Advance Offer, as applicable,
have been repurchased, redeemed, defeased, acquired, retired or discharged; and (B) Restricted Payments made with Net Proceeds from
Asset Sales remaining after the making by the Issuer of any Asset Sale Offer required to be made by the Issuer pursuant to Section 10.17
and the purchase of all Notes tendered therein;

(13)the
declaration and payment of dividends or distributions by the Issuer to, or the making of loans to, any Parent Entity in amounts required
for any Parent Entity to pay or cause to be paid, in each case without duplication,

-106-

(A)franchise,
excise and similar taxes and other fees, taxes and expenses, in each case, required to maintain their corporate or other legal existence;

(B)for
any taxable period for which the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries are members of a consolidated, combined or unitary tax group for
U.S. federal and/or applicable state, local, provincial, territorial or foreign income or similar tax purposes of which a Parent Entity
is the common parent (a Tax Group), the portion of any U.S. federal, state, local, provincial, territorial or foreign
income or similar taxes (as applicable), including any interest or penalties related thereto, of such Tax Group for such taxable period
that are attributable to the income, revenue, receipts or capital of the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries; provided that (i) payments
made pursuant to this clause (B) shall not exceed the amount of liability that the Issuer and/or its applicable Subsidiaries
(as applicable) would have incurred were such taxes determined as if such entity(ies) had been a stand-alone taxpayer or a stand-alone
group for all relevant taxable periods and (ii) payments under this clause (B) in respect of any taxes attributable to
any Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the Issuer may be made only to the extent that such Unrestricted Subsidiaries have made cash payments
for such purpose to the Issuer, the Restricted Subsidiaries or the Guarantors;

(C)customary
salary, bonus, severance and other benefits payable to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, future, current or former officers, employees,
directors, managers and consultants of any Parent Entity to the extent such salaries, bonuses, severance and other benefits and indemnities
are attributable to the ownership or operation of the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries;

(D)general
corporate, operating (including, without limitation, expenses related to the maintenance of corporate or other existence and auditing
or other accounting or tax reporting matters);

(E)fees
and expenses related to any equity or debt offering, financing transaction, acquisitions, divestitures, investments or other non-ordinary
course transaction (whether or not consummated or successful) of such Parent Entity; provided that any such transaction was in the good
faith judgment of the Issuer intended to be for the benefit of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(F)amounts
(including fees and expenses) that would otherwise be permitted to be paid directly by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant
to clauses (3), (4) or (12) of Section 10.13(b);

(G)cash
payments in lieu of issuing fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into
or exchangeable for Equity Interests of the Issuer or any Parent Entity; and

(H)to
finance Investments by a Parent Entity that would otherwise be permitted to be made pursuant to this covenant if made by the Issuer;
provided, that (1) such Restricted Payment shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment, (2) such
Parent Entity shall, immediately following the closing thereof, cause (x) all property acquired (whether assets or Equity Interests)
to be contributed to the capital of the Issuer or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (y) the merger or amalgamation of the Person
formed or acquired into the Issuer or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries (to the extent not prohibited by Article Eight) in order
to consummate such Investment, (3) such Parent Entity and its Affiliates (other than the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) receive
no consideration or other payment in connection with such transaction except to the extent the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary could
have given such consideration or made such payment in compliance with this Indenture, (4) any property received by the Issuer or
a Restricted Subsidiary shall not increase amounts available for Restricted Payments pursuant to Section 10.10(a)(3) or Section 10.10(b)(9),
except to the extent the fair market value at the time of such receipt of such property exceeds the Restricted Payment made pursuant
to this clause (H), and (5) to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment shall be deemed to be made by the Issuer or
such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to another provision of this covenant or Section 10.10(b)(9) or pursuant to the definition
of Permitted Investments (other than clause (9) thereof);

-107-

(14)the
repurchase, redemption or other acquisition of Equity Interests of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary deemed to occur in connection
with paying cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests in connection with a share dividend, distribution, share split,
reverse share split, merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other business combination of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, in
each case, permitted under this Indenture;

(15)the
distribution, by dividend or otherwise, of shares of Capital Stock of, or Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary
by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries, the primary assets of which are cash and/or Cash Equivalents);

(16)any
Restricted Payment; provided that on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, the Consolidated Total Indebtedness
to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth Ratio would be equal to or less than 2.00 to 1.00 (provided that with respect to any Restricted Investment,
the Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth Ratio would be equal to or less than 2.25 to 1.00);

(17)payments
or distributions to satisfy dissenters or appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent
or potential) with respect thereto, pursuant to or in connection with a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or transfer of assets that
complies with Article Eight;

(18)(i) payments
made in connection with the purchase of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, (ii) payments made to settle, unwind or terminate
any Permitted Warrant Transaction (I) by delivery of common stock of the Issuer or any Parent Entity, (II) by set-off against
the related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or (III) with cash payments as determined under the terms of the documentation governing
such transaction, or (iii) the settlement or termination of any Permitted Equity Derivatives described in clause (1) of the
definition thereof; provided that the entry into such Permitted Equity Derivative was permitted under this covenant;

(19)any
purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of Subordinated Indebtedness consisting of Acquired Indebtedness;

(20)mandatory
redemptions of Disqualified Stock; and

(21)Restricted
Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed an amount equal to (i) the sum of, without duplication, Declined Proceeds less (ii) any
amounts that have been used for Restricted Payments permitted by clause (12) of this Section 10.10(b);

provided, however, that at the time of, and after
giving effect to, any Restricted Payment permitted under clauses (10), (16) and (21) of this Section 10.10(b), no Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof.

-108-

For purposes of determining compliance with this
Section 10.10, in the event that a proposed Restricted Payment or Investment (or a portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than
one of the categories of Restricted Payments described in the preceding clauses (1) through (21) of Section 10.10(b) and/or
one or more of the clauses contained in the definition of Permitted Investments, or is entitled to be made pursuant to
Section 10.10(a), the Issuer shall be entitled to divide or classify (or later divide, classify or reclassify (based on circumstances
existing on the date of such later division, classification or reclassification) in whole or in part in its sole discretion) such Restricted
Payment or Investment (or portion thereof) among such clauses (1) through (21) of Section 10.10(b) and/or Section 10.10(a) and/or
one or more of the clauses contained in the definition of Permitted Investments, in a manner that otherwise complies with
this Section 10.10.

The amount of all Restricted Payments (other than
cash) will be the fair market value on the date of the Restricted Payment of the assets or securities proposed to be transferred or issued
by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, pursuant to the Restricted Payment.

(c)As
of the Issue Date, all of the Issuers Subsidiaries will be Restricted Subsidiaries. The Issuer shall not permit any Unrestricted
Subsidiary to become a Restricted Subsidiary except pursuant to the penultimate sentence of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary.
For purposes of designating any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, all outstanding Investments by the Issuer and the
Restricted Subsidiaries (except to the extent repaid) in the Subsidiary so designated shall be deemed to be Restricted Payments or Permitted
Investments in an amount determined as set forth in the last sentence of the definition of Investments. Such designation
shall be permitted only if a Restricted Payment or Permitted Investment in such amount would be permitted at such time, whether pursuant
to this covenant or pursuant to the definition of Permitted Investments, and if such Subsidiary otherwise meets the definition
of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Indenture
and will not guarantee the Notes.

(d)For
the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10.10 shall not restrict the making of any AHYDO catch up payment with respect
to, and required by the terms of, any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries permitted to be incurred under
the terms of this Indenture.

SECTION 10.11.Limitation
on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock.

(a)The
Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee
or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable, contingently or otherwise (collectively, incur and collectively,
an incurrence) with respect to any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) and the Issuer shall not issue
any shares of Disqualified Stock and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to issue any shares of Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock; provided, however, that the Issuer may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) or issue shares of Disqualified Stock,
and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness), issue shares of Disqualified Stock and
issue shares of Preferred Stock, if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Applicable Measurement Period would have been at least 2.00
to 1.00, determined on a pro forma basis (including a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom), as if the additional Indebtedness
had been incurred, or the Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock had been issued, as the case may be, and the application of proceeds
therefrom had occurred at the beginning of such four-quarter period.

-109-

(b)The
foregoing limitations shall not apply to:

(1)the
incurrence of Indebtedness under Credit Facilities by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and the issuance and creation
of letters of credit and bankers acceptances thereunder (with letters of credit and bankers acceptances being deemed to
have a principal amount equal to the face amount thereof), up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time not to exceed
the greater of (i) $550.0 million and (ii) 14.0% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth;

(2)the
incurrence by the Issuer and any Guarantor of Indebtedness represented by the Notes (including any Guarantee thereof) (other than any
Additional Notes, if any, or guarantees with respect thereto);

(3)Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to the Existing Facilities in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the maximum amount
available under the terms of each Existing Facility as in effect on the Issue Date;

(4)Indebtedness
of the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries in existence on the Issue Date (other than Indebtedness described in clauses (1), (2) and
(3) of this Section 10.11(b));

(5)Indebtedness
(including Capitalized Lease Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations), Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock incurred by the Issuer
or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to finance the purchase, lease, expansion, construction, development, replacement, maintenance,
upgrade, installation, replacement, repair or improvement of property (real or personal), equipment or any other asset (including, but
not limited to, MSRs, Servicing Advances, mortgages or other loans, mortgage-related securities or derivatives, consumer receivables,
REO Assets, Residual Interests, mortgage-related receivables or other similar assets (or any interests in any of the foregoing)), whether
through the direct purchase of assets or the Capital Stock of any Person owning such assets; provided that the Liens securing such Indebtedness
may not extend to any other property owned by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries at the time the Lien is incurred and the
Indebtedness secured by the Lien may not be incurred more than 270 days after the latter of the acquisition or completion of the construction
of the property subject to the Lien, provided, further that the amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the fair market value of
the assets developed, constructed, purchased, leased, repaired, maintained, expanded, replaced, upgraded, installed or improved with
the proceeds of such Indebtedness;

(6)(a) Indebtedness
incurred by the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries constituting reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit,
bankers acceptances, bank guarantees, warehouse receipts or similar instruments issued or entered into, or relating to obligations
or liabilities incurred, in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm, including letters of credit
in favor of suppliers or trade creditors or in respect of workers compensation claims, performance, completion or surety bonds,
health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with
respect to obligations regarding workers compensation claims, performance, completion or surety bonds, health, disability or other
employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance and (b) Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries as an account party in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments in favor of suppliers,
customers or other creditors issued in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm;

-110-

(7)Permitted
Funding Indebtedness;

(8)Permitted
Securitization Indebtedness and Indebtedness under Credit Enhancement Agreements;

(9)Non-Recourse
Indebtedness;

(10)Indebtedness
arising from agreements of the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price,
earn-out or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business,
assets, a Subsidiary or an Investment, other than guarantees of Indebtedness incurred by any Person acquiring all or any portion of such
business, assets or a Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition;

(11)Indebtedness
or Disqualified Stock of the Issuer issued to or held by a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any such Indebtedness or Disqualified
Stock owing to or held by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor, excluding any Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock in respect
of accounts payable incurred in connection with goods and services rendered in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past
practice or industry norm (and not in connection with the borrowing of money), is, to the extent applicable, expressly subordinated in
right of payment (to the extent permitted by applicable law and it does not result in material adverse tax consequences) to the Notes;
provided, further, that any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event which results in any such Restricted
Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of any such Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock (except
to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary or any pledge of such Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock constituting a Permitted Lien
(but not foreclosure thereon)) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an incurrence of such Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock (to the
extent such Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock is then outstanding) not permitted by this clause;

(12)Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary owing to or held by the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary; provided
that if a Guarantor incurs such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock owing to or held by a Restricted Subsidiary that
is not a Guarantor, excluding any Indebtedness in respect of accounts payable incurred in connection with goods and services rendered
in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm (and not in connection with the borrowing of money),
such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is, to the extent applicable, expressly subordinated in right of payment (to
the extent permitted by applicable law and it does not result in material adverse tax consequences) to the Notes or the Guarantee of
the Notes of such Guarantor; provided, further, that any subsequent transfer of any such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock (except to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary or any pledge of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock
constituting a Permitted Lien (but not foreclosure thereon)) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an incurrence of such Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (to the extent such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is then outstanding) not
permitted by this clause;

-111-

(13)shares
of Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary issued to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary; provided that
any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event that results in any Restricted Subsidiary that holds such
Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of any such shares of Preferred
Stock or Disqualified Stock (except to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary or any pledge of such Capital Stock constituting a
Permitted Lien (but not foreclosure thereon)) shall be deemed in each case to be an issuance of such shares of Preferred Stock or Disqualified
Stock, as applicable (to the extent such Preferred Stock or Disqualified Stock is then outstanding), not permitted by this clause;

(14)Hedging
Obligations (excluding Hedging Obligations entered into for speculative purposes) and, to the extent constituting Indebtedness, of obligations
under Permitted Warrant Transactions;

(15)obligations
in respect of self-insurance and obligations in respect of stays, customs, performance, indemnity, bid, appeal, judgment, surety and
other similar bonds or instruments and performance, bankers acceptance facilities and completion guarantees and similar obligations
provided by the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar
instruments related thereto, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm or in
connection with judgments that do not result in an Event of Default;

(16)(a) Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount or liquidation
preference, which when aggregated with the principal amount and liquidation preference of all other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock
and Preferred Stock then outstanding and incurred or issued pursuant to this clause (16)(a) and any outstanding amount of Indebtedness
under clause (17) of this Section 10.11(b) incurred to refinance Indebtedness initially incurred in reliance on this clause
(16)(a), does not at any one time outstanding exceed, 200.0% of the net cash proceeds received by the Issuer since September 29,
2020 from the issue or sale of Equity Interests of the Issuer or cash contributed to the capital of the Issuer (in each case, other than
Excluded Contributions or proceeds of Disqualified Stock or sales of Equity Interests to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries) as determined
in accordance with clauses (3)(c) and (3)(d) of Section 10.10(a) to the extent such net cash proceeds or cash have
not been applied pursuant to such clauses to make Restricted Payments or to make other Investments, payments or exchanges pursuant to
Section 10.10(b) or to make Permitted Investments (other than Permitted Investments specified in clauses (1), (2) and
(3) of the definition thereof) and (b) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Issuer or any Restricted
Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount or liquidation preference, which when aggregated with the principal amount and liquidation
preference of all other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock then outstanding and incurred or issued pursuant to this
clause (16)(b) and any outstanding amount of Indebtedness under clause (17) of this Section 10.11(b) incurred to
refinance Indebtedness initially incurred in reliance on this clause (16)(b), does not at any one time outstanding exceed the greater
of (x) $550.0 million and (y) 14.0% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth (it being understood that any Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock incurred pursuant to this clause (16)(b) shall cease to be deemed incurred or outstanding for purposes
of this clause (16)(b) but shall be deemed incurred pursuant to Section 10.11(a) from and after the first date on
which the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary could have incurred or issued such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock
under Section 10.11(a));

-112-

(17)the
incurrence by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Indebtedness or the issuance by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary
of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock that serves to refund, refinance, replace, renew, extend, defease, repay, prepay, redeem or
retire (collectively, refinance with refinances, refinanced and refinancing
having a correlative meaning) any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
incurred or issued as permitted under Section 10.11(a) and clauses (2), (4), (5), (6)(b) and (16), this clause (17)
and clauses (18), (22), (23), (27), (28) and (34) of this Section 10.11(b) or any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock incurred or issued to so refinance such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock including additional Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred to pay accrued but unpaid interest, dividends, premiums (including tender premiums), defeasance
costs, underwriting discounts, fees, costs and expenses (including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees) in connection
with such refinancing (the Refinancing Indebtedness) on or prior to its respective maturity; provided, however,
that such Refinancing Indebtedness:

(A)has
a Weighted Average Life to Maturity at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred which is not less than the remaining Weighted
Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock being refinanced (or requires no or nominal payments
in cash (other than interest payments) prior to the date that is 91 days after the maturity date of the Notes),

(B)to
the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness refinances (i) Indebtedness subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or any Guarantee
thereof, such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or such Guarantee at least to the same extent
as the Indebtedness being refinanced or (ii) Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such Refinancing Indebtedness must be Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock, respectively, and

(C)shall
not include Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of the Issuer that is not a Guarantor that refinances
Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Issuer or a Guarantor;

provided, further, that subclause (A) of this
clause (17) shall not apply to any refinancing of any Secured Indebtedness;

(18)Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of (x) the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary incurred or issued to finance an acquisition
or Investment or (y) Persons that are acquired by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or merged into, amalgamated with or consolidated
with the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of this Indenture (including designating an Unrestricted Subsidiary
as a Restricted Subsidiary); provided that after giving pro forma effect to such Investment, acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation,
either:

(A)the
Issuer would be permitted to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test set forth
in Section 10.11(a); or

-113-

(B)the
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries is equal to or greater than immediately prior to such Investment,
acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation,

provided, however, that on a pro forma basis, the aggregate
amount of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred pursuant to clause (x) by any Restricted Subsidiaries that
are not Guarantors, when aggregated with the principal amount and liquidation preference of all other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock
and Preferred Stock then outstanding and incurred or issued pursuant to this proviso and any outstanding amount of Indebtedness under
clause (17) of this Section 10.11(b) incurred to refinance Indebtedness initially incurred in reliance on this proviso, does
not at any one time outstanding exceed the greater of (i) $155.0 million and (ii) 4.0% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth;

(19)(a) Cash
Management Obligations, (b) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and similar arrangements and other
Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against
insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business, and (c) Indebtedness owed on a short-term basis of no longer than 30 days
to banks and other financial institutions incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice of the Issuer
and its Restricted Subsidiaries or industry norm with such banks or financial institutions that arises in connection with ordinary banking
arrangements to manage cash balances of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(20)Indebtedness
of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries supported by a letter of credit, bank guarantee or other instrument issued pursuant
to any Credit Facility, in a principal amount not in excess of the stated amount of such letter of credit, bank guarantee or such other
instrument;

(21)(A) any
guarantee by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary
so long as the incurrence of such Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary is permitted under the terms of this
Indenture, or

(B)any
co-issuance by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary permitted under the
terms of this Indenture;

(22)Indebtedness
of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor; provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of which the primary
obligor or a guarantor is a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor outstanding in reliance on this clause (22) shall not
exceed, when aggregated with the outstanding amount of Indebtedness under clause (17) of this Section 10.11(b) incurred to
refinance Indebtedness initially incurred in reliance on this clause (22), at the time of incurrence thereof and together with any other
Indebtedness incurred under this clause (22), the greater of (x) $160.0 million and (y) 4.25% of Consolidated Tangible
Net Worth;

(23)Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred or issued to finance or assumed in
connection with an acquisition or Investment in a principal amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $265.0 million and (y) 7.0%
of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth in the aggregate at any one time outstanding together with all other outstanding Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock issued under this clause (23) and any outstanding Indebtedness under clause (17) of this Section 10.11(b) incurred
to refinance Indebtedness initially incurred in reliance on this clause (23) (it being understood that any Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock incurred pursuant to this clause (23) shall cease to be deemed incurred or outstanding for purposes of
this clause (23) but shall be deemed incurred pursuant to Section 10.11(a) from and after the first date on which the
Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary could have incurred or issued such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock under Section 10.11(a));

-114-

(24)Indebtedness
of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries consisting of (a) the financing of insurance premiums or (b) take-or-pay
obligations contained in supply arrangements in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice
or industry norm;

(25)Indebtedness
consisting of Indebtedness issued by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to future, current or former officers, directors,
employees, managers or consultants thereof (or their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members, or any
permitted transferee thereof) of the Issuer, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Entity, in each case to finance the purchase or
redemption of Equity Interests of the Issuer or any Parent Entity to the extent described in Section 10.10(b)(4);

(26)Indebtedness
arising out of or to fund purchases of all remaining outstanding asset-backed securities of any Securitization Entity and/or Securitization
Assets of any Securitization Entity in the ordinary course of business or for the purpose of relieving the Issuer or a Subsidiary of
the Issuer of the administrative expense of servicing such Securitization Entity;

(27)Guarantees
by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to owners of servicing rights in the ordinary course of business or consistent with
past practice or industry norm;

(28)Indebtedness
by the Services Business in an amount not to exceed at any one time outstanding, when aggregated with the principal amount and liquidation
preference of all other Indebtedness then outstanding and incurred or issued pursuant to this clause (28) and any outstanding amount
of Indebtedness under clause (17) of this Section 10.11(b) incurred to refinance Indebtedness initially incurred in reliance
on this clause (28), the greater of (x) $75.0 million and (y) 2.0% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth;

(29)to
the extent constituting Indebtedness, Indebtedness under Excess Spread Sales incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent
with past practice or industry norm;

(30)Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued by the Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent that the net
proceeds thereof are promptly deposited with the Trustee to satisfy and discharge the Notes or exercise the Issuers legal defeasance
or covenant defeasance as described in Article Thirteen, in each case in accordance with this Indenture;

(31)Indebtedness
attributable to (but not incurred to finance) the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual,
contingent or potential) with respect thereto, in each case with respect to any acquisition (by merger, consolidation or amalgamation
or otherwise) permitted under this Indenture;

(32)Indebtedness
representing deferred compensation to employees of any Parent Entity, the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in the ordinary
course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm;

-115-

(33) Indebtedness
consisting of obligations under deferred compensation or any other similar arrangements incurred in connection with any Permitted Investment
or any acquisition (by merger, consolidation or amalgamation or otherwise) permitted under this Indenture;

(34)Indebtedness
in the form of Capitalized Lease Obligations arising out of any Sale and Lease-Back Transaction;

(35)to
the extent constituting Indebtedness, customer deposits and advance payments (including progress premiums) received in the ordinary course
of business from customers for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry
norm;

(36)unfunded
pension fund and other employee benefits plan obligations and liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with
past practice or industry norm; and

(37)all
premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations
described in clauses (1) through (36) of this Section 10.11(b).

(c)For
purposes of determining compliance with this Section 10.11,

(1)in
the event that an item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than
one of the categories of permitted Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock described in clauses (1) through (37) of
Section 10.11(b) or is entitled to be incurred pursuant to Section 10.11(a), the Issuer, in its sole discretion, may divide,
classify or reclassify all or a portion of such item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof)
in any manner that complies with this covenant and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock (or portion thereof) in one of the above clauses or paragraphs;

(2)at
the time of incurrence, the Issuer shall be entitled to divide and classify an item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock in more than one of the types of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock described in Sections 10.11(a) and
(b);

(3)the
principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding under any clause of this covenant shall be determined after giving effect to the application
of proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred to refinance any such Indebtedness;

(4)guarantees
of, or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances or other similar instruments relating to, or Liens securing, Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock that is otherwise included in the determination of a particular amount of Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock shall not be included;

(5)if
obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances or other similar instruments are incurred pursuant to any Credit
Facility and are being treated as incurred pursuant to any clause of Section 10.11(b) or Section 10.11(a) and the
letters of credit, bankers acceptances or other similar instruments relate to other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock, then such other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock shall not be included; and

-116-

(6)for
purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth Ratio,
as applicable, in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness pursuant to Sections 10.11(a) or (b) or the creation or
incurrence of any Lien pursuant to Section 10.12, the Issuer may elect, at its option, to treat all or any portion of the committed
amount of any Indebtedness (and the issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers acceptances thereunder) which is to
be incurred (or any commitment in respect thereof) or secured by such Lien, as the case may be (any such committed amount elected until
revoked as described below, the Reserved Indebtedness Amount), as being incurred as of such election date, and,
if such Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth Ratio, as applicable, is satisfied
with respect thereto on such election date, any subsequent borrowing or reborrowing thereunder (and the issuance and creation of letters
of credit and bankers acceptances thereunder) will be deemed to be permitted under this covenant or the definition of Permitted
Liens, as applicable, whether or not the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or the Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible
Net Worth Ratio, as applicable, at the actual time of any subsequent borrowing or reborrowing (or issuance or creation of letters of
credit or bankers acceptances thereunder) is met; provided that for purposes of subsequent calculations of the Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio or the Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth Ratio, as applicable, the Reserved Indebtedness Amount
shall be deemed to be outstanding, whether or not such amount is actually outstanding, for so long as such commitments are outstanding
or until the Issuer revokes an election of a Reserved Indebtedness Amount.

Accrual of interest or dividends, the accretion
of accreted value, the accretion or amortization of original issue discount and the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock for purposes of this Section 10.11. If Indebtedness originally incurred in reliance upon a percentage of Consolidated Tangible
Net Worth under clause (1) of Section 10.11(b) is being refinanced under clause (1) of Section 10.11(b) and
such refinancing would cause the maximum amount of Indebtedness thereunder to be exceeded at such time, then such refinancing will nevertheless
be permitted thereunder and such additional Indebtedness will be deemed to have been incurred under such clause (1) so long as the
principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of Indebtedness being refinanced plus amounts
permitted by the next sentence. Any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred to refinance Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock incurred pursuant to clauses (1) and (16)(b) of Section 10.11(b) shall be permitted to include
additional Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred to pay accrued but unpaid interest, dividends, premiums (including
tender premiums), defeasance costs, underwriting discounts, fees, costs and expenses (including original issue discount, upfront fees
or similar fees) incurred in connection with such refinancing.

(d)For
purposes of determining compliance with any U.S. dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock
or Preferred Stock, the U.S. dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock denominated in
a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed, in the case of revolving credit debt; provided that
if such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock denominated in a foreign currency, and such refinancing would cause the applicable U.S. dollar denominated restriction to be exceeded
if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such U.S. dollar-denominated restriction
shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred
Stock does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock being refinanced, plus the aggregate
amount of accrued but unpaid interest, dividends, premiums (including tender premiums), defeasance costs, underwriting discounts, fees,
costs and expenses (including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees) incurred in connection with such refinancing.

-117-

(e)The
principal amount of any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock
or Preferred Stock if incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock being refinanced,
shall be calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such respective Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or Preferred Stock is denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing.

(f)This
Indenture shall not treat (1) unsecured Indebtedness as subordinated or junior to Secured Indebtedness merely because such Indebtedness
is unsecured or (2) Senior Indebtedness as subordinated or junior to any other Senior Indebtedness solely because such Indebtedness
has a junior priority with respect to shared collateral or because it is guaranteed by other obligors.

SECTION 10.12.Limitation
on Liens. The Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to
exist any Lien (except Permitted Liens) (each, a Subject Lien) that secures Obligations under any Indebtedness or
any related guarantee of Indebtedness on any asset or property of the Issuer or any Guarantor, unless (a) the Notes (or the related
Guarantee in the case of Liens on assets of a Guarantor) are secured equally and ratably with, or on a senior basis to, (or on a senior
basis to, in the case such Subject Lien secures any Subordinated Indebtedness) the Obligations secured by such Subject Lien until such
time as such Obligations are no longer secured by a Lien or (b) such Subject Lien is a Permitted Lien. Any Lien created for the
benefit of the Holders pursuant to this Section 10.12 shall provide by its terms that such Lien shall be automatically and
unconditionally released and discharged upon the release and discharge of the Lien that gave rise to the obligation to secure the Notes.

For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any
Lien securing Indebtedness that was permitted to secure such Indebtedness at the time of the Incurrence of such Indebtedness, such Lien
shall also be permitted to secure any Increased Amount of such Indebtedness. The Increased Amount of any Indebtedness shall
mean any increase in the amount of such Indebtedness in connection with any accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the
amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness with the same terms, accretion
of original issue discount or liquidation preference and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations
in the exchange rate of currencies or increases in the value of property securing Indebtedness.

SECTION 10.13.Limitation
on Transactions with Affiliates.

(a)The
Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any of its properties or assets to, or purchase any property or assets from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction,
contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance or guarantee with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate of the Issuer (each of the
foregoing, an Affiliate Transaction) involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of the greater of (x) $50.0 million
and (y) 1.5% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth, unless:

(1)such
Affiliate Transaction is on terms, taken as a whole, that are not materially less favorable to the Issuer or the relevant Restricted
Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated
Person on an arms-length basis or, if in the good faith judgment of the Issuer, no comparable transaction is available with which
to compare such Affiliate Transaction, such Affiliate Transaction is otherwise fair to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from
a financial point of view and when such transaction is taken in its entirety; and

-118-

(2)the
Issuer delivers to the Trustee with respect to any Affiliate Transaction or series of related Affiliate Transactions involving aggregate
payments or consideration in excess of the greater of (x) $105.0 million and (y) 2.75% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth,
a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board of the Issuer approving such Affiliate Transaction and set forth in an Officers
Certificate certifying that such Affiliate Transaction complies with clause (1) above.

(b)The
foregoing provisions shall not apply to the following:

(1)(A) transactions
between or among the Issuer and a Restricted Subsidiary or between or among Restricted Subsidiaries or, in any case, any entity that
becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction and (B) any merger, amalgamation or consolidation of the Issuer
into any Parent Entity; provided that such Parent Entity shall have no material liabilities and no material assets other than cash, Cash
Equivalents and the Capital Stock of the Issuer and such merger, amalgamation or consolidation is otherwise consummated in compliance
with the terms of this Indenture and effected for a bona fide business purpose;

(2)Restricted
Payments permitted by Section 10.10 (other than pursuant to Sections 10.10(b)(11) or 10.10(b)(13)(F)) and the definition
of Permitted Investments (other than clause (11) of such definition);

(3)any
transaction that has been approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Board of the Issuer or any Parent Entity, or where
no such disinterested directors exist, by unanimous approval of the directors of such Board;

(4)the
payment of reasonable and customary fees and compensation paid to, and indemnities and reimbursements and employment and severance arrangements
provided to or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, former, current or future officers, directors, managers, employees or consultants
(or their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members, or any permitted transferee) of the Issuer, any Restricted
Subsidiary of the Issuer or any Parent Entity;

(5)transactions
in which the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to the Trustee a letter from an Independent Financial
Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or stating that
the terms are not materially less favorable, when taken as a whole, to the Issuer or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that
would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arms
length basis;

(6)any
agreement or arrangement as in effect or contemplated in the good faith determination of the Issuer as of the Issue Date, or any amendment
thereto (so long as any such amendment is not disadvantageous in any material respect in the good faith judgment of the Board of the
Issuer or the senior management of the Issuer to the Holders when taken as a whole as compared to the applicable agreement as in effect
on the Issue Date);

-119-

(7)[reserved];

(8)[reserved];

(9)transactions
with customers, clients, suppliers, vendors, contractors, joint venture partners or purchasers or sellers of goods or services that are
Affiliates, in each case in the ordinary course of business or that are consistent with past practice or industry norm and otherwise
in compliance with the terms of this Indenture which are fair to the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in the reasonable determination
of the Board of the Issuer or the senior management thereof, or are on terms, taken as a whole, that are not materially less favorable
as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party;

(10)the
issuance or transfer of (A) Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer and the granting and performing of customary
registration rights to any Parent Entity or to any Permitted Holder or to any former, current or future director, manager, officer, employee
or consultant (or any Affiliate or Immediate Family Members of any of the foregoing, or any permitted transferee thereof) of the Issuer
or any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity and (B) directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals
as required by applicable law;

(11)[reserved];

(12)payments,
loans, advances or guarantees (or cancellation of loans, advances or guarantees) to future, current or former employees, directors, officers,
managers or consultants (or their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members, or any permitted transferee
thereof) of the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity and employment agreements, consulting agreements, indemnification
agreements, employee benefit plans, stock option plans and other compensatory or severance arrangements (and any successor plans thereto)
and any supplemental executive retirement benefit plans or similar arrangements with any such employees, directors, officers, managers
or consultants (or their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members, or any permitted transferee thereof)
(including salary or guaranteed payments and bonuses) which, in each case, are approved by the Board of the Issuer or the senior management
of the Issuer in good faith;

(13)(A) investments
by Permitted Holders in securities or loans of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (and any payment of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such Permitted Holders in connection therewith) so long as the investment is being offered generally to other investors on
the same or more favorable terms, and (B) payments to Permitted Holders in respect of securities or loans of the Issuer or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries contemplated in the foregoing subclause (A) or that were acquired from Persons other than the Issuer
and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in accordance with the terms of such securities or loans;

(14)transactions
with a Person that is an Affiliate of the Issuer arising solely because the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary owns any Equity Interest
in, or controls, such Person;

-120-

(15)[reserved];

(16)intellectual
property licenses entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm;

(17)the
provision of mortgage servicing, mortgage loan origination, real estate logistics, brokerage and management and similar services to Affiliates
in the ordinary course of business and otherwise not prohibited by this Indenture which are fair to the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries
(as determined by the Issuer in good faith) or are on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time
from an unaffiliated party (as determined by the Issuer in good faith);

(18)an
agreement between a Person and an Affiliate of such Person existing at the time such Person is acquired by, or merged into, the Issuer
or a Restricted Subsidiary and not entered into in contemplation of such acquisition or merger; provided that such acquisition or merger
complied with this covenant;

(19)transactions
between the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person that would constitute an Affiliate Transaction solely because a
director of such other Person is also a director of the Issuer or any Parent Entity; provided, however, that such director abstains from
voting as a director of the Issuer or such Parent Entity, as the case may be, on any matter including such other Person;

(20)Co-Investment
Transactions as approved by the Board or the senior management of the Issuer or any Parent Entity in good faith;

(21)sales
of accounts receivable, or participation therein, or Securitization Assets or related assets in connection with any Permitted Securitization
Indebtedness or Permitted Funding Indebtedness;

(22)pledges
of Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries;

(23)payments
to and from, and transactions with, any joint ventures entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice
or industry norm (including, without limitation, any cash management activities related thereto);

(24)transactions
undertaken in good faith for the purpose of improving the consolidated tax efficiency of the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries and
not for the purpose of circumventing any covenant set forth in this Indenture; and

(25)any
merger, consolidation or reorganization of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (otherwise not prohibited by this Indenture)
with an Affiliate of the Issuer and/or such Restricted Subsidiary solely for the purpose of (i) reorganizing Capital Stock of the
Issuer or any direct or indirect parent thereof, (ii) forming or collapsing a holding company structure or (iii) reorganizing
the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary in a new jurisdiction, in each case, so long as any such merger, consolidation or reorganization
has been approved by such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, in good faith.

-121-

SECTION 10.14.Limitation
on Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries. The Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors to, directly or indirectly, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective
any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability of any such Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to:

(a)(x) pay
dividends or make any other distributions to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor with respect to its
Capital Stock or with respect to any other interest or participation in, or measured by, its profits, or (y) pay any Indebtedness
owed to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor;

(b)make
loans or advances to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor; or

(c)sell,
lease or transfer any of its properties or assets to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor,

except (in each case) for such encumbrances or restrictions existing
under or by reason of:

(1)contractual
encumbrances or restrictions in effect on the Issue Date, including pursuant to the Existing Facilities and the related documentation
and Hedging Obligations;

(2)this
Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees;

(3)Purchase
Money Obligations and Capitalized Lease Obligations that impose restrictions of the nature discussed in clause (c) above on
the property so acquired;

(4)applicable
law or any applicable rule, regulation or order or any requirement of any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Issuer
or any Restricted Subsidiary or any of their businesses;

(5)any
agreement or other instrument of a Person, or relating to Indebtedness or Capital Stock of a Person, which Person is acquired by or merged,
consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (or where such Person is an Unrestricted Subsidiary
that is redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with this Indenture), or any other transaction entered into in connection
with any such acquisition, merger, consolidation, amalgamation or redesignation, in existence at the time of such acquisition or at the
time it merges, consolidates or amalgamates with or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or assumed in connection with the acquisition
of assets from such Person or at the time it is redesignated (but, in each case, not created in contemplation thereof), which encumbrance
or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any Person, other than the Person and its Subsidiaries,
or the property or assets of the Person and its Subsidiaries, so acquired or redesignated;

(6)contracts,
including sale-leaseback agreements, for the sale or disposition of assets, including customary restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary
of the Issuer pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into for the sale or disposition of Capital Stock or assets of such Subsidiary;

(7)Secured
Indebtedness and related Liens otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to Sections 10.11 and 10.12 that limit the
right of the debtor to dispose of the assets securing such Indebtedness;

-122-

(8)restrictions
on cash or other deposits or net worth imposed by customers or other counterparties under contracts entered into in the ordinary course
of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm or restrictions on cash or other deposits permitted under Section 10.12
or arising in connection with any Permitted Liens;

(9)other
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors that is permitted to be incurred
or issued subsequent to the Issue Date pursuant to Section 10.11;

(10)customary
provisions in joint venture agreements or arrangements and other similar agreements or arrangements relating to such joint venture or
in shareholder, partnership, limited liability company and other similar agreements in respect of non-Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiaries;

(11)customary
provisions contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses or similar agreements, including with respect to intellectual property
and other agreements;

(12)restrictions
or conditions contained in any trading, netting, operating, construction, service, supply, purchase, sale or other agreement to which
the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a party entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice
or industry norm; provided that such agreement prohibits the encumbrance of solely the property or assets of the Issuer or such Restricted
Subsidiary that are the subject to such agreement, the payment rights arising thereunder or the proceeds thereof and does not extend
to any other asset or property of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary or the assets or property of another Restricted Subsidiary;

(13)other
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock permitted to be incurred subsequent to the Issue Date pursuant to Section 10.11;
provided that, (A) in the good faith judgment of the Issuer, such incurrence will not materially impair the Issuers ability
to make payments under the Notes when due, (B) such encumbrances and restrictions apply only during the continuance of a default
in respect of a payment or financial maintenance covenant relating to such Indebtedness or (C) the encumbrances and restrictions
in such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock either are not materially more restrictive taken as a whole than those contained
in the Notes as in effect on the Issue Date or generally represent market terms at the time of incurrence or issuance and are imposed
solely on such Restricted Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries;

(14)provisions
in agreements evidencing Permitted Funding Indebtedness that impose restrictions on the collateral securing such Indebtedness, provide
for financial covenants, limitation on affiliate transactions, the transfer of all or substantially all assets, other fundamental changes
or other limitations which, in each case as determined in good faith by the Issuer, are customary or will not materially affect the ability
of the Issuer to pay the principal, interest and premium, if any, on the Notes;

(15)the
requirement of any Securitization, Warehouse Facility or MSR Facility that is exclusively applicable to any Securitization Entity, Warehouse
Facility Trust, MSR Facility Trust or special purpose Subsidiary of the Issuer formed in connection therewith;

(16)restrictions
that are or were created by virtue of any transfer of, agreement to transfer or option or right with respect to, any property not otherwise
prohibited under this Indenture that limit the right of such Subsidiary to dispose of such property; and

-123-

(17)any
encumbrances or restrictions of the type referred to in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 10.14 imposed by any
amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings of the contracts,
instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (1) through (16) of this Section 10.14; provided that such amendments,
modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings are, in the good faith judgment
of the Issuer, not materially more restrictive with respect to such encumbrance and other restrictions taken as a whole than those prior
to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing.

For purposes of determining compliance with this
Section 10.14, (A) the priority of any Preferred Stock in receiving dividends or liquidating distributions prior to dividends
or liquidating distributions being paid on common stock shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make distributions on Capital
Stock and (B) the subordination of loans and advances made to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary to other Indebtedness incurred
by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make loans or advances.

SECTION 10.15.Limitation
on Guarantees of Indebtedness by Restricted Subsidiaries. The Issuer shall not permit any of its Domestic Subsidiaries that is a
Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (and any Domestic Subsidiary that is a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary if such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary guarantees
or otherwise becomes an obligor of other capital markets debt securities of the Issuer or any Guarantor), other than (a) an Excluded
Restricted Subsidiary, (b) an MSR Facility Trust, a Securitization Entity or a Warehouse Facility Trust, (c) a Guarantor or
(d) a Foreign Subsidiary, a Domestic Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary which is a CFC or a FSHCO, to guarantee or otherwise become
an obligor of (i) any Credit Facility permitted under Section 10.11(b)(1) or (ii) capital markets debt securities
of the Issuer or any other Guarantor in an aggregate principal amount in excess of the greater of (x) $80.0 million and (y) 2.25%
of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth, unless:

(1)such
Restricted Subsidiary within 30 days executes and delivers a supplemental indenture to this Indenture in substantially the form
of Exhibit A hereto providing for a Guarantee by such Restricted Subsidiary, except that with respect to a guarantee of Indebtedness
of the Issuer or any Guarantor, if such Indebtedness is by its express terms subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or such Guarantors
Guarantee, any such guarantee by such Restricted Subsidiary with respect to such Indebtedness shall be subordinated in right of payment
to such Guarantee substantially to the same extent as such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Notes; and

(2)such
Restricted Subsidiary waives and shall not in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any rights of reimbursement,
indemnity or subrogation or any other rights against the Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary as a result of any payment by such
Restricted Subsidiary under its Guarantee;

provided that this Section 10.15 shall not be applicable
to any guarantee or obligation of any Restricted Subsidiary that existed at the time such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary and was
not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary. The Issuer may elect, in its sole
discretion, to cause any Subsidiary that is not otherwise required to be a Guarantor to become a Guarantor, in which case such Subsidiary
shall not be required to comply with the 30 day period described in clause (1) above.

Each Guarantee shall be released in accordance with
the provisions of this Indenture pursuant to Article Twelve.

-124-

SECTION 10.16.Change
of Control Triggering Event.

(a)If
a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs after the Issue Date, unless, prior to, or concurrently with, the time the Issuer is required
to make a Change of Control Triggering Event Offer (as defined below), the Issuer has previously or concurrently mailed or delivered,
or otherwise sent through electronic transmission, a redemption notice with respect to all the Outstanding Notes as described under Section 4.01
or Section 11.06, the Issuer shall make an offer to purchase all of the Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the Change
of Control Triggering Event Offer) at a price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof (or such higher
amount as the Issuer may determine (any Change of Control Triggering Event Offer at a higher amount, an Alternate Offer))
(such price, the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment) plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding,
the date of purchase, subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant
Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date (as defined below). Within 30 days
following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer shall send notice of such Change of Control Triggering Event Offer electronically
or by first-class mail, with a copy to the Trustee sent in the same manner, to each Holder to the address of such Holder appearing in
the Note Register or otherwise in accordance with the procedures of the Depository, with the following information:

(1)that
a Change of Control Triggering Event Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 10.16 and that all Notes properly tendered
pursuant to such Change of Control Triggering Event Offer shall be accepted for payment by the Issuer;

(2)the
purchase price and the purchase date, which will be no earlier than ten days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice
is sent (the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date), except in the case of a conditional Change of Control
Triggering Event Offer made in advance of a Change of Control Triggering Event pursuant to Section 10.16(e);

(3)that
any Note not properly tendered shall remain outstanding and continue to accrue interest;

(4)that,
unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment, all Notes accepted for payment pursuant
to the Change of Control Triggering Event Offer shall cease to accrue interest on the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date;

(5)that
Holders electing to have any Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Triggering Event Offer will be required to surrender such
Notes, with the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase on the reverse of such Notes completed or otherwise
in accordance with the procedures of the Depository, to the Paying Agent specified in the notice at the address specified in the notice
prior to the close of business on the third Business Day preceding the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date;

(6)that
Holders will be entitled to withdraw their tendered Notes and their election to require the Issuer to purchase such Notes; provided that
the Paying Agent receives, not later than the close of business on the expiration date of the Change of Control Triggering Event Offer,
an electronic transmission (in PDF), a facsimile transmission or letter setting forth the name of the Holder or otherwise in accordance
with the procedures of the Depository, the principal amount of the Notes tendered for purchase, and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing
its tendered Notes and its election to have such Notes purchased;

-125-

(7)that
if less than all of such Holders Notes are tendered for purchase, such Holder will be issued new Notes (or, in the case of Global
Notes, such Notes will be reduced by such amount of Notes that the Holder has tendered) and such new Notes will be equal in principal
amount to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered; provided that the unpurchased portion of the Notes must be equal to at least
$2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess of $2,000;

(8)if
such notice is sent prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, stating that the Change of Control Triggering Event
Offer is conditional on the occurrence of such Change of Control Triggering Event and describing each such condition, and, if applicable,
stating that, in the Issuers discretion, the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date may be delayed until such time (including
more than 60 days after the notice is mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions shall
be satisfied or waived, or that such purchase may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that the Issuer shall determine
that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date, or by
the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date as so delayed; and

(9)such
other instructions, as determined by the Issuer, consistent with this Section 10.16, that a Holder must follow.

(b)While
the Notes are in global form and the Issuer makes an offer to purchase all of the Notes pursuant to the Change of Control Triggering
Event Offer, a Holder may exercise its option to elect for the purchase of Notes or withdraw such election through the facilities of
the Depository, subject to its rules and regulations.

(c)The
Issuer shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder
to the extent such laws or regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control
Triggering Event Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of
this Indenture, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached
its obligations described in this Indenture by virtue thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may rely on any no-action letters
issued by the SEC indicating that the staff of the SEC will not recommend enforcement action in the event a tender offer satisfies certain
conditions.

(d)On
the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent permitted by law,

(1)accept
for payment all Notes or portions thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Triggering Event Offer;

(2)deposit
with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the aggregate Change of Control Triggering Event Payment in respect of all Notes or portions
thereof so tendered; and

(3)deliver,
or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee for cancellation the Notes so accepted together with an Officers Certificate to the Trustee
stating that such Notes or portions thereof have been tendered to and purchased by the Issuer.

-126-

(e)The
Issuer shall not be required to make a Change of Control Triggering Event Offer if a third party makes the Change of Control Triggering
Event Offer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Alternate Offer) in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with
the requirements set forth in this Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Triggering Event Offer made by the Issuer and purchases
all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Triggering Event Offer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, a Change of Control Triggering Event Offer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Alternate Offer) may be made in advance
of a Change of Control Triggering Event, conditional upon such Change of Control Triggering Event, if a definitive agreement is in place
for the Change of Control at the time of the making of such Change of Control Triggering Event Offer.

(f)With
respect to the Notes, if Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes validly tender and do not
withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Triggering Event Offer and the Issuer, or any third party making a Change of Control Triggering
Event Offer in lieu of the Issuer as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders,
the Issuer or such third party will have the right, upon not less than ten days nor more than 60 days prior notice (provided
that such notice is given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Triggering Event Offer
described above), to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on a date (the Second Change of Control
Triggering Event Payment Date) at a price in cash equal to the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment (excluding any early
tender premium or similar premium and any accrued and unpaid interest to any Holder in such Change of Control Triggering Event Payment)
in respect of the Second Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes that remain outstanding
to, but excluding, the date of redemption (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest
due on the relevant Interest Payment Date that is on or prior to the Second Change of Control Triggering Event Payment Date).

(g)The
provisions of this Section 10.16 and the definition of Change of Control may be waived or modified at any time with
the written consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then Outstanding Notes. A Change of Control Triggering
Event Offer with respect to the Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Alternate Offer) may be made at the same time as consents
are solicited with respect to an amendment, supplement or waiver of this Indenture, the Notes and/or the Guarantees so long as the offer
to purchase a Holders Notes in the tender offer is not conditioned upon the delivery of consents by such Holder. In addition,
the Issuer or any third party approved in writing by the Issuer that is making the Change of Control Triggering Event Offer (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, an Alternate Offer) may increase or decrease the Change of Control Triggering Event Payment (or decline to
pay any early tender or similar premium) being offered to Holders at any time in its sole discretion, so long as the Change of Control
Triggering Event Payment is at least equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being repurchased, plus accrued and
unpaid interest thereon.

SECTION 10.17.Asset
Sales.

(a)The
Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, an Asset Sale, other
than a Required Asset Sale, unless:

(1)the
Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration at the time of such Asset Sale at least equal to the
fair market value (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) of the assets sold or otherwise disposed of;
and

-127-

(2)except
in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap, with respect to any Asset Sale in excess of the greater of (x) $105.0 million and (y) 2.75%
of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth, either (a) at least 75% of the consideration for such Asset Sale (measured at the time of contractually
agreeing to such Asset Sale), together with all other Asset Sales since September 29, 2020 (on a cumulative basis) or (b) at
least 50% of the consideration for such Asset Sale (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale), in each case,
received by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents; provided that the
amount of:

(A)any
liabilities (as reflected on the Issuers or such Restricted Subsidiarys, most recent consolidated balance sheet or in the
footnotes thereto, or if incurred, accrued or increased subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such liabilities that would have
been reflected on the Issuers or such Restricted Subsidiarys consolidated balance sheet or in the footnotes thereto if
such incurrence, accrual or increase had taken place on or prior to the date of such balance sheet, as determined by the Issuer) of the
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or
the Guarantees of the Notes, that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets (or are otherwise extinguished in connection with
the transactions relating to such Asset Sale) pursuant to a written agreement which releases the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary
from such liabilities;

(B)any
securities, notes or other obligations or assets received by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted
by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents, or by their terms are required to be satisfied for cash or
Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received), in each case, within 180 days following the closing of
such Asset Sale;

(C)any
Designated Non-cash Consideration received by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary in such Asset Sale having an aggregate fair market
value, taken together with all other Designated Non-cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (C) that is at that
time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (i) $400.0 million and (ii) 10.0% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth at the
time of the receipt of such Designated Non-cash Consideration, with the fair market value of each item of Designated Non-cash Consideration
being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value;

(D)Indebtedness
of any Restricted Subsidiary that ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such Asset Sale (other than intercompany debt owed
to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary), to the extent that the Issuer and each other Restricted Subsidiary are released from any guarantee
of payment of the principal amount of such Indebtedness in connection with such Asset Sale; and

(E)any
Investment, Capital Stock, assets, property or capital or other expenditure of the kind referred to in Section 10.17(b)(2),

shall, for purposes of this Section 10.17
(and no other provision of this Indenture), be deemed to be cash or Cash Equivalents.

(b)Within
540 days after the Issuers or any Restricted Subsidiarys receipt of any Net Proceeds from any Asset Sale (the Asset
Sale Proceeds Application Period), including a Required Asset Sale, the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, at its option,
may apply an amount equal to the Net Proceeds from such Asset Sale,

-128-

(1)to
repay:

(A)Obligations
under a Credit Facility to the extent such Obligations were incurred under clause (1) of Section 10.11(b) (and in the
case of revolving obligations, to correspondingly reduce commitments with respect thereto);

(B)Obligations
under Secured Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor (and in the case of revolving obligations, to correspondingly reduce commitments
with respect thereto);

(C)Obligations
under the Notes or any other Indebtedness (other than Subordinated Indebtedness) of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (and, in
the case of other Senior Indebtedness which constitutes revolving obligations, to correspondingly reduce any outstanding commitments
with respect thereto, if applicable); provided that if the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary shall so repay any Senior Indebtedness
other than the Notes, the Issuer shall either (i) reduce Obligations under the Notes on a pro rata basis by, at its option, (x) redeeming
Notes as described under Section 11.01 or (y) purchasing Notes through open market purchases or in arms-length
privately negotiated transactions, or (ii) make an offer (in accordance with the procedures set forth below for an Asset Sale Offer)
to all Holders to purchase their Notes on a ratable basis with such other Senior Indebtedness for no less than 100% of the principal
amount thereof, plus the amount of accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon; or

(D)Indebtedness
of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor, other than Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary;

provided that, to the extent the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary
makes an offer to redeem, prepay, repay or purchase any Obligations pursuant to any of the foregoing clauses (A) through (D) at
a price of no less than 100% of the principal amount thereof, to the extent the relevant creditors do not accept such offer, the Issuer
and the Restricted Subsidiaries will be deemed to have applied an amount of the Net Proceeds equal to such amount not so accepted in
such offer (and such amount shall increase Declined Proceeds on a dollar-for-dollar basis); or

(2)to
make (A) an Investment in any one or more businesses; provided that such Investment in any business is in the form of the acquisition
of Capital Stock and results in the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, owning an amount of the Capital Stock of such
business such that it constitutes or continues to constitute a Restricted Subsidiary, (B) capital expenditures or (C) acquisitions
of other property or assets (excluding Capital Stock, but including, without limitation, Securitization Assets and assets that consist
of Servicing Advances, MSRs, mortgages and other loans, mortgage-related securities and derivatives, other mortgage-related receivables,
REO Assets, Residual Interests and other similar assets (or any interest in any of the foregoing) that are used to support or pledged
to secure Permitted Funding Indebtedness), in the case of each of clauses (A), (B) and (C), either (i) that is used or useful
in a Similar Business or (ii) that replace the businesses, properties and/or assets that are the subject of such Asset Sale; provided
that the Issuer may elect to deem Investments, capital expenditures or acquisitions within the scope of the foregoing clauses (A), (B) or
(C), as applicable, that occur prior to the receipt of the Net Proceeds to have been made in accordance with this clause (ii) so
long as such deemed Investments, capital expenditures or acquisitions shall have been made no earlier than the earliest of (x) the
notice of such Asset Sale to the Trustee, (y) the execution of a definitive agreement relating to such Asset Sale or (z) 180
days prior to the consummation of such Asset Sale; or

-129-

(3)any
combination of the foregoing;

provided that, in the case of clause (2), a binding
commitment or letter of intent shall be treated as a permitted application of the Net Proceeds from the date of such commitment or letter
of intent so long as the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary enters into such commitment or letter of intent with the good faith expectation
that such Net Proceeds will be applied to satisfy such commitment or letter of intent within 180 days after the Asset Sale Proceeds
Application Period (an Acceptable Commitment) and such Net Proceeds are actually applied in such manner within the
later of 540 days from the consummation of the Asset Sale and 180 days from the date of the Acceptable Commitment, and, in
the event that any Acceptable Commitment is later cancelled or terminated for any reason before the Net Proceeds are applied in connection
therewith, then such Net Proceeds shall constitute Excess Proceeds unless the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary enters into another
Acceptable Commitment within 180 days of such cancellation or termination (a Second Commitment) and such Net Proceeds are
actually applied in such manner within 180 days from the date of the Second Commitment; provided, further, that if any Second Commitment
is later cancelled or terminated for any reason before such Net Proceeds are applied, then such Net Proceeds shall constitute Excess
Proceeds to the extent the Asset Sale Proceeds Application Period has expired.

Notwithstanding any other provisions
of this Section 10.17, (i) to the extent that the application of any or all of the Net Proceeds of any Asset Sale by a Restricted
Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor (a Non-Guarantor Disposition) (A) is (x) prohibited or delayed by or
would violate or conflict with applicable local law, (y) restricted by applicable organizational documents or any agreement or (z) subject
to other organizational or administrative impediments from being repatriated to the United States (including for the avoidance of doubt
restrictions, prohibitions or impediments relating to financial assistance, corporate benefit, thin capitalization, capital maintenance
and similar legal principles, restrictions on upstreaming and/or cross-streaming of Cash Equivalents intra-group and relating to the
fiduciary and/or statutory duties of the directors (or equivalent Persons) of the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries) or would conflict
with the fiduciary and/or statutory duties of such Subsidiarys directors (or equivalent Persons), or (B) would result in,
or could reasonably be expected to result in, a risk of personal or criminal liability for any officer, director, employee, manager,
member of management or consultant of such Subsidiary, an amount equal to the portion of such Net Proceeds so affected will not be required
to be applied in compliance with this Section 10.17, and such amounts may be retained by the applicable Restricted Subsidiary that
is not a Guarantor; provided that if at any time within one year following the date on which the respective payment would otherwise have
been required, such repatriation of any of such affected Net Proceeds is permitted under the applicable local law, the applicable organizational
document or agreement or the applicable other impediment, an amount equal to such amount of Net Proceeds so permitted to be repatriated
will be promptly applied (net of any taxes, costs or expenses that would be payable or reserved against if such amounts were actually
repatriated whether or not they are repatriated) in compliance with this Section 10.17 or (ii) to the extent that the Issuer
has reasonably determined that repatriation of any or all of the Net Proceeds of any Non-Guarantor Disposition would have a material
adverse tax cost or consequence to the Issuer or its Subsidiaries with respect to such Net Proceeds (which for the avoidance of doubt,
includes, but is not limited to, any prepayment whereby doing so the Issuer, any Restricted Subsidiary or any of their respective Parent
Entities would incur a material incremental tax liability, including as a result of a tax dividend, a deemed dividend pursuant to Code
Section 956 or a withholding tax), the Net Proceeds so affected may be retained by the applicable Restricted Subsidiary that is
not a Guarantor and an amount equal to such Net Proceeds will not be required to be applied in compliance with this Section 10.17;
provided, further, that if at any time within one year following the date on which the respective payment would otherwise have been required,
such repatriation of any of such affected Net Proceeds would not result in such material adverse tax cost or consequence, an amount equal
to such amount of Net Proceeds will be promptly applied (net of any taxes, costs or expenses that would be payable or reserved against
if such amounts were actually repatriated whether or not they are repatriated) in compliance with this Section 10.17. The non-application
of any prepayment amounts as a consequence of the foregoing provisions will not, for the avoidance of doubt, constitute a Default or
an Event of Default. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 10.17 shall be construed to require the Issuer or any Subsidiary
to repatriate cash.

-130-

(c)To
the extent Net Proceeds from an Asset Sale exceed amounts that are invested or applied as provided and within the time period set forth
in the second preceding paragraph, such excess amount will be deemed to constitute Excess Proceeds. When the aggregate
amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds the greater of (i) $105.0 million and (ii) 2.75% of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth, the
Issuer shall make an offer to all Holders and, if required or permitted by the terms of other Indebtedness that is pari passu in right
of payment with the Notes (Pari Passu Indebtedness), to the holders of such Pari Passu Indebtedness (an Asset
Sale Offer), to purchase the maximum aggregate principal amount (or accreted value, as applicable) of the Notes and such Pari
Passu Indebtedness, with respect to the Notes only, that is equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, that
may be purchased out of the Excess Proceeds at an offer price, with respect to the Notes only, in cash in an amount equal to 100% of
the principal amount thereof (or accreted value thereof, if less), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date
fixed for the closing of such offer, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Indenture and, if applicable, the other documents
governing the applicable Pari Passu Indebtedness. The Issuer shall commence an Asset Sale Offer with respect to Excess Proceeds within
twenty Business Days after the date that Excess Proceeds exceed the greater of (i) $105.0 million and (ii) 2.75% of Consolidated
Tangible Net Worth by transmitting electronically or mailing a notice to the Holders, with a copy to the Trustee, which notice shall
advise the Holders of the Asset Sale Offer and shall contain all information relating to the procedures for tendering Notes in the Asset
Sale Offer and withdrawing Notes therefrom, in each case consistent with this Section 10.17 and determined by the Issuer to be appropriate.
The Issuer may satisfy the foregoing obligation with respect to such Net Proceeds from an Asset Sale by making an Asset Sale Offer prior
to the expiration of the Asset Sale Proceeds Application Period (the Advance Offer) with respect to all or a part
of the available Net Proceeds (the Advance Portion) in advance of being required to do so by this Indenture. Additionally,
the Issuer may at its option, make an Asset Sale Offer using Net Proceeds at any time after the consummation of such Asset Sale. If an
Advance Offer is made, such offer may provide that the Advance Offer is conditioned on one or more conditions precedents, and, if applicable,
state that, in the Issuers discretion, the purchase date may be delayed until such time (including more than 60 days after the
offer to purchase is mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as any conditions shall be satisfied, or that such purchase
may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that the Issuer shall determine that any such conditions shall not have been
satisfied by the purchase date, or by the purchase date as so delayed.

To the extent that the aggregate principal amount
(or accreted value, as applicable) of Notes and, if applicable, Pari Passu Indebtedness, tendered pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer (or
Advance Offer) is less than the Excess Proceeds (or, in the case of an Advance Offer, the Advance Portion) (such remaining proceeds,
the Declined Proceeds), the Issuer may use the Declined Proceeds in any manner not prohibited by this Indenture.
If the aggregate principal amount (or accreted value, as applicable) of Notes or the Pari Passu Indebtedness tendered pursuant to an
Asset Sale Offer exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds (or, in the case of an Advance Offer, the Advance Portion), the Trustee shall
select the Notes (subject to applicable Depository procedures as to Global Notes) and the Issuer or the representative of such Pari Passu
Indebtedness shall select such Pari Passu Indebtedness to be purchased or repaid on a pro rata basis based on the accreted value or principal
amount of the Notes or such Pari Passu Indebtedness, tendered with adjustments as necessary so that no Notes or Pari Passu Indebtedness,
as the case may be, will be repurchased in part in an unauthorized denomination. Upon completion of any such Asset Sale Offer, the amount
of Excess Proceeds shall be reset at zero (regardless of whether there are any remaining Excess Proceeds upon such completion), and in
the case of an Advance Offer, the amount of Net Proceeds the Issuer is offering to apply in such Advance Offer shall be excluded in subsequent
calculations of Excess Proceeds.

-131-

Pending the final application of an amount equal
to the Net Proceeds pursuant to this Section 10.17, the Issuer or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary may apply such Net Proceeds
temporarily to reduce Indebtedness outstanding under a revolving credit facility or otherwise apply such Net Proceeds in any manner not
prohibited by this Indenture.

(d)The
Issuer shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder
to the extent such laws or regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer
or an Advance Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Asset Sale provisions
of this Indenture, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached
its obligations under the Asset Sale provisions described in this Indenture by virtue of such compliance. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Issuer may rely on any no-action letters issued by the SEC indicating that the staff of the SEC will not recommend enforcement action
in the event a tender offer satisfies certain conditions.

(e)The
provisions of this Section 10.17 may be waived or modified at any time with the written consent of the Holders of a majority in
aggregate principal amount of the then Outstanding Notes. An Asset Sale Offer or Advance Offer may be made at the same time as, and in
conjunction with, the solicitation of consents with respect to an amendment, supplement or waiver of this Indenture, the Notes and/or
the Guarantees.

SECTION 10.18.Suspension
of Covenants.

(a)If
on any date following the Issue Date: (1) the Notes have an Investment Grade Rating from any two of the three Rating Agencies and
(2) no Default has occurred and is continuing under this Indenture with respect to the Notes (the occurrence of the events described
in the foregoing clauses (1) and (2) being collectively referred to as a Covenant Suspension Event),
then beginning on such date and continuing until the Reversion Date, with respect to the Notes, the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries
shall not be subject to the following provisions of this Indenture (collectively, the Suspended Covenants):

(A)clause
(a)(4) of Section 8.01;

(B)Section 10.10;

(C)Section 10.11;

(D)Section 10.13;

(E)Section 10.14;

(F)Section 10.15;
and

(G)Section 10.17.

-132-

Upon the occurrence of a Covenant Suspension Event (the date of such
occurrence, the Suspension Date), the amount of Excess Proceeds from any Asset Sale shall be reset at zero. In the
event that the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries are not subject to the Suspended Covenants for any period of time as a result of
the foregoing with respect to the Notes, and on any subsequent date (the Reversion Date) any two of the three Rating
Agencies withdraw their Investment Grade Rating or downgrade the rating assigned to the Notes below an Investment Grade Rating, then
the Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries will thereafter again be subject to the Suspended Covenants with respect to future events
with respect to the Notes. The period of time between (and including) the Suspension Date and the Reversion Date (but excluding the Reversion
Date) is referred to in this Indenture as the Suspension Period. The Guarantees of Notes of the Guarantors shall
be suspended during the Suspension Period.

(b)In
the event of any such reinstatement with respect to a series of Notes, no action taken or omitted to be taken by the Issuer or any of
the Restricted Subsidiaries prior to such reinstatement shall give rise to a Default or Event of Default under this Indenture with respect
to the Notes, and no Default or Event of Default will be deemed to exist or have occurred as a result of any failure by the Issuer or
any Restricted Subsidiary to comply with any of the Suspended Covenants during the Suspension Period; provided that (1) with respect
to Restricted Payments made on or after the Reversion Date, the amount of Restricted Payments made will be calculated as though the provisions
of Section 10.10 had been in effect prior to, but not during, the Suspension Period (including with respect to a Limited Condition
Transaction entered into during the Suspension Period), (2) all Indebtedness incurred, or Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock
issued, during the Suspension Period (or deemed incurred or issued in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction entered into during
the Suspension Period) shall be classified to have been incurred or issued pursuant to Section 10.11(b)(4), (3) no Subsidiaries
shall be designated as Unrestricted Subsidiaries during any Suspension Period, (4) any Affiliate Transaction entered into on or
after the Reversion Date pursuant to an agreement entered into during any Suspension Period shall be deemed to be permitted pursuant
to clause (6) of Section 10.13(b), (5) any encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary
that is not a Guarantor to take any action described in clauses (a) through (c) of Section 10.14 that becomes effective
during any Suspension Period shall be deemed to be permitted pursuant to Section 10.14(1), (6) no Subsidiary of the Issuer
shall be required to comply with the covenant described under Section 10.15 on or after the Reversion Date with respect to any guarantee
entered into by such Subsidiary during the Suspension Period, and (7) all Liens created, incurred or assumed during the Suspension
Period in compliance with this Indenture shall be deemed to have been outstanding on the Issue Date, so that they are classified as permitted
under clause (11) of the definition of Permitted Liens.

During the Suspension Period, the Issuer and its
Restricted Subsidiaries shall be entitled to incur Liens to the extent provided for under Section 10.12 (including, without limitation,
Permitted Liens). To the extent such covenant and any Permitted Liens refer to one or more Suspended Covenants, such covenant or definition
shall be interpreted as though such applicable Suspended Covenant(s) continued to be applicable during the Suspension Period (but
solely for purposes of Section 10.12 and the Permitted Liens definition and for no other provision of this Indenture).

(c)Notwithstanding
that the Suspended Covenants may be reinstated after the Reversion Date, (1) no Default, Event of Default or breach of any kind
shall be deemed to exist under this Indenture, the Notes or the Guarantees with respect to the Suspended Covenants, and none of the Issuer
or any of its Subsidiaries shall bear any liability for any actions taken or events occurring during the Suspension Period, or any actions
taken at any time pursuant to any contractual obligation arising during any Suspension Period, in each case as a result of a failure
to comply with the Suspended Covenants during the Suspension Period (or, upon termination of the Suspension Period or after that time
based solely on any action taken or event that occurred or contractual obligation arising during the Suspension Period), and (2) following
a Reversion Date, the Issuer and each Restricted Subsidiary shall be permitted, without causing a Default or Event of Default, to honor,
comply with or otherwise perform any contractual commitments or obligations arising during any Suspension Period and to consummate the
transactions contemplated thereby. The Issuer shall give the Trustee prompt notice (in the form of an Officers Certificate) of
the beginning and end of any Suspension Period.

-133-

SECTION 10.19.Limited
Condition Transactions.

When calculating the availability under any basket,
test or ratio under this Indenture or compliance with any provision of this Indenture in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction
and any actions or transactions related thereto (including acquisitions, Investments, the incurrence, issuance or assumption of
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock and the use of proceeds thereof, the incurrence or assumption of Liens, repayments,
Restricted Payments, the designation of any Restricted Subsidiaries or Unrestricted Subsidiaries, and Asset Sales or any disposition,
issuance or other transaction excluded from the definition of Asset Sale), in each case, at the option of the Issuer, any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries, a direct or indirect parent of the Issuer, or any successor entity of any of the foregoing (including
a third party) (the Testing Party, and the election to exercise such option, an LCT Election),
the date of determination for availability under any such basket, test or ratio or whether any such action or transaction is permitted
(or any requirement or condition therefor is complied with or satisfied (including as to the absence of any continuing Default or Event
of Default)) under this Indenture shall be deemed to be the date (the LCT Test Date) either (a) the definitive
agreements or letter of intent (or, if applicable, a binding offer, or launch of a certain funds tender offer) for such
Limited Condition Transaction are entered into (or, if applicable, the date of delivery of a notice, declaration or making of a Restricted
Payment or similar event), or (b) solely in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and
Mergers or similar law or practices in other jurisdictions apply, the date on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm
intention to make an offer or similar announcement or determination in another jurisdiction subject to similar laws in respect of a target
of a Limited Condition Transaction and, in each case, if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction and any
actions or transactions related thereto (including acquisitions, Investments, the incurrence, issuance or assumption of Indebtedness,
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock and the use of proceeds thereof, the incurrence or assumption of Liens, repayments, Restricted
Payments, the designation of any Restricted Subsidiaries or Unrestricted Subsidiaries, and Asset Sales or any disposition, issuance or
other transaction excluded from the definition of Asset Sale and any related pro forma adjustments, disregarding for the
purposes of such pro forma calculation any borrowing under a revolving credit, working capital or letter of credit facility), as if they
had occurred at the beginning of the most recently ended four full fiscal quarters ending prior to the LCT Test Date for which internal
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are available, the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries would have been permitted
to take such actions or consummate such transactions on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratio, test or basket (and
any related requirements and conditions), such ratio, test or basket (and any related requirements and conditions) shall be deemed to
have been complied with (or satisfied) for all purposes (in the case of Indebtedness, for example, whether such Indebtedness is committed,
issued or incurred at the LCT Test Date or at any time thereafter); provided that (a) if financial statements for one or more subsequent
fiscal quarters shall have become available, the Testing Party may elect, in its sole discretion, to redetermine all such ratios, tests
or baskets on the basis of such financial statements, in which case, such date of redetermination shall thereafter be deemed to be the
applicable LCT Test Date for purposes of such ratios, tests or baskets, (b) except as contemplated in the foregoing clause (a),
compliance with such ratios, tests or baskets (and any related requirements and conditions) shall not be determined or tested at any
time after the applicable LCT Test Date for such Limited Condition Transaction and any actions or transactions related thereto (including
acquisitions, Investments, the incurrence, issuance or assumption of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock and the
use of proceeds thereof, the incurrence or assumption of Liens, repayments, Restricted Payments, the designation of any Restricted Subsidiaries
or Unrestricted Subsidiaries, and Asset Sales or any disposition, issuance or other transactions excluded from the definition of Asset
Sale) and (c) Consolidated Interest Expense for purposes of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio will be calculated using an assumed
interest rate based on the indicative interest margin contained in any financing commitment documentation with respect to such Indebtedness
or, if no such indicative interest margin exists, as reasonably determined by the Testing Party in good faith.

-134-

For the avoidance of doubt, if the Testing Party
has made an LCT Election, (1) if any of the ratios, tests or baskets for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT
Test Date would at any time after the LCT Test Date have been exceeded or otherwise failed to have been complied with, including as a
result of fluctuations in any such ratio, test or basket, including due to fluctuations in exchange rates or Consolidated EBITDA or total
assets or Consolidated Tangible Net Worth of the Issuer or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction at or prior to the
consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such baskets, tests or ratios will not be deemed to have been exceeded or failed
to have been complied with as a result of such fluctuations; provided that if such ratios, tests or baskets improve as a result of such
fluctuations, such improved ratios, tests and/or baskets may be utilized; (2) if any related requirements and conditions (including
as to the absence of any continuing Default or Event of Default) for which compliance or satisfaction was determined or tested as of
the LCT Test Date would at any time after the LCT Test Date not have been complied with or satisfied (including due to the occurrence
or continuation of a Default or an Event of Default), such requirements and conditions will not be deemed to have been failed to be complied
with or satisfied and such Default or Event of Default shall be deemed not to have occurred or be continuing); and (3) in calculating
the availability under any ratio, test or basket in connection with any action or transaction unrelated to such Limited Condition Transaction
(including without limitation a separate Limited Condition Transaction) following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier
of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement, the date of notice
or offer or date for redemption, purchase or repayment specified in a notice for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated, expires
or passes, as applicable, without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such ratio, test or basket shall be determined
or tested giving pro forma effect to such Limited Condition Transaction and any actions or transactions related thereto.

In connection with any action being taken in connection
with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of determining compliance with any provision of this Indenture which requires that
no Default, Event of Default or specified Event of Default, as applicable, has occurred, is continuing or would result from any such
action, as applicable, such condition shall, at the option of the Testing Party, be deemed satisfied, so long as no Default, Event of
Default or specified Event of Default, as applicable, exists on the date of the definitive agreement, the date of notice or offer or
date for redemption, purchase or repayment for such Limited Condition Transaction, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, if the
Testing Party has exercised an LCT Election, and any Default, Event of Default or specified Event of Default occurs following the date
the definitive agreements (or, if applicable, the date of delivery of a notice, declaration or making of a Restricted Payment or similar
event) for the applicable Limited Condition Transaction were entered into and prior to the consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction,
any such Default, Event of Default or specified Event of Default shall be deemed to not have occurred or be continuing for purposes of
determining whether any action being taken in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction is permitted under this Indenture.

SECTION 10.20.Certain
Compliance Calculations.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
in the event an item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof) is incurred, assumed or issued,
any Lien is incurred or assumed, any Restricted Payment is made or other transaction is undertaken (including a Limited Condition Transaction)
in reliance on a ratio basket based on the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, the Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible
Net Worth Ratio or other ratio-based test, such ratio(s) shall be calculated with respect to such incurrence, issuance or other
transaction without giving effect to amounts being utilized under any other non-ratio-based basket substantially concurrently. Each item
of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock that is incurred, assumed or issued, each Lien incurred and each other transaction
undertaken will be deemed to have been incurred, assumed, issued or taken first, to the extent available, pursuant to the relevant Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth Ratio or other ratio-based test. For the avoidance
of doubt, when testing the availability under a ratio basket for purposes of making a Restricted Payment, Indebtedness (or any portion
thereof) incurred, assumed or issued the proceeds of which are being utilized to make a Restricted Payment utilizing a non-ratio basket
shall not be given effect.

-135-

If a proposed action, matter, transaction or amount
(or a portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one applicable basket, permission or threshold under this Indenture, the Issuer
shall be entitled to divide or classify or later divide or reclassify (based on circumstances existing on the date of such reclassification)
such action, matter, transaction or amount (or a portion thereof) between such baskets, permission or thresholds as it shall elect from
time to time.

Any calculation, test or measure that is determined
with reference to the Issuers financial statements (including, without limitation, Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Interest
Expense, Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Fixed Charges, the Consolidated Total Indebtedness
to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth Ratio, Consolidated Tangible Net Worth and Section 10.10(a)(3) in this Indenture may be
determined with reference to the financial statements of any other direct or indirect parent entity of the Issuer instead, so long as
such calculation, test or measure would not differ by more than an immaterial amount when using the financial statements of such direct
or indirect parent entity of the Issuer as compared to if such calculation, test or measure were made using the Issuers financial
statements (as determined in good faith by the Issuer).

Any ratios, tests or baskets required to be satisfied
in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Indenture shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the
other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding
the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding up if there is no nearest number).

If the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary takes
an action which at the time of the taking of such action would in the good faith determination of the Issuer be permitted under the applicable
provisions of this Indenture based on the financial statements available at such time, such action shall be deemed to have been made
in compliance with this Indenture notwithstanding any subsequent adjustments, modifications or restatements made in good faith to such
financial statements affecting Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA, Consolidated Tangible Net Worth or other applicable financial
metric.

Article Eleven

REDEMPTION
OF NOTES

SECTION 11.01.Right
of Redemption. (a) At any time prior to February 15, 2028, the Issuer may, at its option and on one or more occasions,
redeem all or a part of the Notes, upon notice as set forth in Section 11.06, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the Notes redeemed plus the Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date
of redemption (any applicable date of redemption hereunder, the Redemption Date), subject to the rights of Holders
of record of Notes on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling on or prior
to the Redemption Date.

-136-

On and after February 15, 2028, the Issuer
may, at its option and on one or more occasions, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, upon notice as set forth in Section 11.06,
at the Redemption Prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed) set forth below, plus accrued
and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record of
Notes on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to the Redemption
Date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on February 15 of each of the years indicated below:

Year Percentage 

2028 103.438 %

2029 101.719 %

2030 and thereafter 100.000 %

In addition, until February 15, 2028, the Issuer
may, at its option and on one or more occasions, upon notice as set forth in Section 11.06, redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal
amount of Notes (including Additional Notes) issued under this Indenture at a Redemption Price (as calculated by the Issuer) equal to
(i) 106.875% of the aggregate principal amount thereof (the Equity Claw Redemption Amount), with an amount
equal to or less than the net cash proceeds from one or more Equity Offerings to the extent such net cash proceeds are received by or
contributed to the Issuer plus (ii) accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date,
subject to the right of Holders of record of Notes on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest
Payment Date falling on or prior to the Redemption Date; provided that (x) at least 50% of the sum of the original aggregate principal
amount of Notes issued under this Indenture on the Issue Date and the original principal amount of any Additional Notes issued under
this Indenture after the Issue Date remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of each such redemption and (y) each
such redemption occurs within 180 days of the date of closing of each such Equity Offering.

(b) The aggregate of the Equity Claw Redemption
Amount shall not exceed the amount of the aggregate net cash proceeds from an Equity Offering being used to effect a redemption in connection
therewith.

SECTION 11.02.[Reserved.].

SECTION 11.03.Applicability
of Article. Redemption of Notes at the election of the Issuer or otherwise, as permitted or required by any provision of this Indenture,
shall be made in accordance with such provision and this Article.

SECTION 11.04.Election
to Redeem; Notice to Trustee. In case of any redemption at the election of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, at least two Business
Days before notice of redemption is required to be sent to Holders pursuant to Section 11.06 hereof (unless a shorter notice
shall be satisfactory to the Trustee), notify the Trustee of such Redemption Date and of the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed
and setting forth the section of this Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur; provided that no Opinion of Counsel pursuant
to Section 1.03 or otherwise shall be required in connection with the delivery of such notice of redemption or redemption.

SECTION 11.05.Selection
by Trustee of Notes to Be Redeemed. With respect to any partial redemption or purchase of Notes made pursuant to this Indenture,
selection of the Notes for redemption or purchase will be made by the Trustee on a pro rata basis to the extent applicable or
by lot or by such method as the Trustee shall deem fair and appropriate; provided that if the Notes are represented by Global Notes,
interests in the Notes shall be selected for redemption or purchase by the Depository in accordance with its standard procedures therefor;
provided, further, that no Notes of less than $2,000 can be redeemed or repurchased in part. Such Notes to be redeemed or purchased shall
be selected, unless otherwise provided herein, at least ten days, but except as set forth in Section 11.06, not more than 60 days
prior to the Redemption Date from the Outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption or purchase.

-137-

The Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuer in
writing of the Notes selected for redemption or purchase and, in the case of any Note selected for partial redemption or purchase, the
principal amount thereof to be redeemed or purchased. Provisions of this Indenture that apply to Notes called for redemption or purchase
also apply to portions of Notes called for redemption or purchase.

With respect to Notes represented by certificated
notes, if any Notes are to be purchased or redeemed in part only, the Issuer will issue a new Note in a principal amount equal to
the unredeemed or unpurchased portion of the original Note in the name of the Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Note;
provided that the new Notes will be only issued in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

SECTION 11.06.Notice
of Redemption. The Issuer shall deliver electronically, in accordance with the Depository procedures in the case of Global Notes,
or mail by first-class mail, postage prepaid, notices of redemption at least ten days, but except as set forth in this Section 11.06,
not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date specified in any such notice to each Holder at such Holders registered address
or otherwise in accordance with the procedures of the Depository, except that redemption notices may be delivered or mailed more than
60 days prior to a Redemption Date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture. Notice of redemption may be conditional.

All notices of redemption shall state:

(1)the
Redemption Date,

(2)the
Redemption Price, or if not then ascertainable, the manner of calculation thereof,

(3)in
the case of certificated Notes, if less than all Outstanding Notes are to be redeemed, the identification (and, in the case of a partial
redemption, the principal amounts) of the particular Notes to be redeemed.

(4)if
any Note is to be redeemed or purchased in part only, the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed or purchased
and that, after the Redemption Date upon surrender of such Note, a new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed or unpurchased
portion of the original Note representing the same indebtedness to the extent not redeemed or purchased will be issued in the name of
the Holder thereof upon cancellation of the original Note,

(5)that
on the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price (and accrued interest, if any, to but not including the Redemption Date payable as provided
in Section 11.08) will become due and payable upon each such Note, or the portion thereof, to be redeemed, and that interest
thereon will cease to accrue on and after the Redemption Date,

-138-

(6)any
condition precedent to the redemption;

(7)the
place or places where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price and accrued but unpaid interest, if any,

(8)the
name and address of the Paying Agent,

(9)that
Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the Redemption Price,

(10)the
CUSIP or ISIN number and that no representation is made as to the accuracy or correctness of the CUSIP or ISIN number, if any, listed
in such notice or printed on the Notes, and

(11)the
paragraph of the Notes and/or Section of this Indenture pursuant to which the Notes are to be redeemed.

Notice of redemption of Notes to be redeemed at
the election of the Issuer shall be given by the Issuer or, at the Issuers request and provision of such notice information five Business
Days (unless a shorter notice shall be agreed to by the Trustee) prior to the date notice is to be given, by the Trustee in the
name and at the expense of the Issuer.

Notice of any redemption of the Notes (including
upon an Equity Offering or in connection with another transaction (or series of related transactions) or an event that constitutes a
Change of Control Triggering Event) may, at the Issuers discretion, be given prior to the completion or the occurrence thereof
and any such redemption or notice may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but
not limited to, completion or occurrence of the related Equity Offering or other transaction or event, as the case may be. In addition,
if such redemption or purchase is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall describe each such condition,
and if applicable, shall state that, in the Issuers discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until such time (including
more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as any
or all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such redemption or purchase may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in
the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption Date as
so delayed, or such notice may be rescinded at any time in the Issuers discretion if in the good faith judgment of the Issuer
any or all of such conditions will not be satisfied. In addition, the Issuer may provide in such notice that payment of the Redemption
Price and performance of the Issuers obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person. In no event
shall the Trustee be responsible for monitoring, or charged with knowledge of, the maximum aggregate amount of the Notes eligible under
this Indenture to be redeemed.

If any such condition precedent has not been satisfied,
the Issuer shall provide written notice to the Trustee thereof. Upon receipt, the Trustee shall provide such notice to each Holder of
the Notes in the same manner in which the notice of redemption was given.

The Issuer may redeem Notes pursuant to one or more
of the relevant provisions in the Indenture, and a single notice of redemption may be delivered with respect to redemptions made pursuant
to different provisions. Any such notice may provide that redemptions made pursuant to different provisions will have different Redemption
Dates and, with respect to redemptions that occur on the same date, may specify the order in which such redemptions are deemed to occur.

-139-

SECTION 11.07.Deposit
of Redemption Price. On or prior to any Redemption Date, the Issuer shall deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent (or, if
the Issuer is acting as its own Paying Agent, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 10.03) an amount of money
sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of, and accrued but unpaid interest, if any, on, all the Notes which are to be redeemed on such
Redemption Date.

SECTION 11.08.Notes
Payable on Redemption Date. Notice of redemption having been given as aforesaid, the Notes so to be redeemed shall, on the Redemption
Date, become due and payable, unless such redemption is conditioned on the happening of a future event, at the Redemption Price therein
specified (together with accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to the Redemption Date), and from and after such Redemption Date (unless
the Issuer shall default in the payment of the Redemption Price and accrued but unpaid interest, if any), such Notes shall cease to bear
interest. Upon surrender of any such Note for redemption in accordance with said notice, such Note shall be paid by the Issuer at the
Redemption Price, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date and such Notes shall be canceled
by the Trustee; provided that installments of interest whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Redemption Date shall be payable to
the Holders of such Notes, or one or more Predecessor Notes, registered as such at the close of business on the relevant Regular
Record Dates according to their terms and the provisions of Section 3.07.

If any Note called for redemption shall not be so
paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal (and premium, if any) shall, until paid, bear interest from the Redemption
Date at the rate borne by such Note, unless such redemption is conditioned on the happening of a future event.

SECTION 11.09.Notes
Redeemed in Part. Any Note which is to be redeemed only in part (pursuant to the provisions of this Article) shall be surrendered
at an office or agency of the Issuer maintained for such purpose pursuant to Section 10.02 (with, if the Issuer or the Trustee
so requires, due endorsement by, or a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee duly executed
by, the Holder thereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing), and the Issuer shall execute, and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver to the Holder of such Note without service charge, a new Note or Notes, of any authorized denomination as requested
by such Holder, in aggregate principal amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed portion of the principal of the Note so surrendered.

SECTION 11.10.Mandatory
Redemption; Open Market Purchases. The Issuer shall not be required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with
respect to the Notes. The Issuer, the Investors and their respective Affiliates may, at their discretion, at any time and from time to
time, acquire Notes by means other than a redemption, whether by tender offer, open market purchases, negotiated transactions or otherwise.

SECTION 11.11.Tender
Offer Optional Redemption. In connection with any tender offer, Change of Control Triggering Event Offer, Alternate Offer, Asset
Sale Offer or Advance Offer for the Notes, if Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly
tender and do not withdraw such Notes in such offer and the Issuer or any third party making such offer in lieu of the Issuer purchases
all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer or such third party will have the right upon not less
than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase date, to redeem (with respect
to the Issuer) or purchase (with respect to a third party) (and the Holders of the remaining Notes shall be deemed to have agreed to
surrender) all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a price equal to the price paid to each other Holder in such
offer (which may be less than par and excluding any early tender or incentive fee in such offer) plus, to the extent not included in
the offer payment, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date or purchase date, subject to
the right of Holders of record on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling
on or prior to the Redemption Date or purchase date.

-140-

Article Twelve

GUARANTEES

SECTION 12.01.Guarantees.
Subject to this Article Twelve, each Guarantor jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the Notes and obligations
of the Issuer hereunder and thereunder, and guarantees to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, and to the
Trustee for itself and on behalf of such Holder, that: (1) the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Notes will
be paid in full when due, whether at Stated Maturity, by acceleration or otherwise (including the amount that would become due but for
the operation of the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Law), together with interest on the overdue principal,
if any, and interest on any overdue interest, to the extent lawful, and all other obligations of the Issuer to the Holders or the Trustee
hereunder or thereunder will be paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and (2) in case
of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or of any such other obligations, the same shall be paid in full when due
or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at Stated Maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, subject,
however, in the case of clauses (1) and (2) above, to the limitation set forth in Section 12.04 hereof.

Each Guarantor hereby agrees (to the extent permitted
by applicable law) that its obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability
of the Notes or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder with respect to any
provisions hereof or thereof, any release of any other Guarantor, the recovery of any judgment against the Issuer, any action to enforce
the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a Guarantor.

Each Guarantor hereby waives (to the extent permitted
by law) the benefits of diligence, presentment, demand for payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy
of the Issuer, any right to require a proceeding first against the Issuer or any other Person, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever
and covenants that the Guarantee of such Guarantor shall not be discharged as to any Note except by complete performance of the obligations
contained in such Note, this Indenture and such Guarantee. Each Guarantor acknowledges that the Guarantee is a guarantee of payment,
performance and compliance when due and not of collection. Each of the Guarantors hereby agrees that, in the event of a default in payment
of principal (or premium, if any) or interest on such Note or in payment of any other obligations hereunder, whether at its Stated Maturity,
by acceleration, purchase or otherwise, legal proceedings may be instituted by the Trustee on behalf of itself or on behalf of, or by,
the Holder of such Note, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Indenture, directly against each of the Guarantors to
enforce such Guarantors Guarantee without first proceeding against the Issuer or any other Guarantor. Each Guarantor agrees that
if, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee or any of the Holders are prevented by applicable
law from exercising their respective rights to accelerate the Maturity of the Notes, to collect interest on the Notes, or to enforce
or exercise any other right or remedy with respect to the Notes, such Guarantor shall pay to the Trustee for the account of the Holder,
upon demand therefor, the amount that would otherwise have been due and payable had such rights and remedies been permitted to be exercised
by the Trustee or any of the Holders.

-141-

If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any
court or otherwise to return to the Issuer or any Guarantor, or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in
relation to either the Issuer or any Guarantor, any amount paid by any of them to the Trustee or such Holder, the Guarantee of each of
the Guarantors, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect. Each Guarantor further agrees that,
as between each Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee on the other hand, (1) subject to this Article Twelve,
the Maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article Five hereof for the purposes of the
Guarantee of such Guarantor notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the
obligations guaranteed hereby, and (2) in the event of any acceleration of such obligation as provided in Article Five hereof,
such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by each Guarantor for the purpose of the
Guarantee of such Guarantor.

Each Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect
and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against the Issuer for liquidation, reorganization, should the Issuer
become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant
part of the Issuers assets, and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or be reinstated,
as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Notes are, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount,
or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee on the Notes, whether as a voidable preference, fraudulent
transfer or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment or any part thereof,
is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Notes shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced
only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.

SECTION 12.02.Severability.
In case any provision of any Guarantee shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the
remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby to the extent permitted by applicable law.

SECTION 12.03.Restricted
Subsidiaries. The Issuer shall cause any Restricted Subsidiary required to guarantee payment of the Notes pursuant to the terms and
provisions of Section 10.15 to execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplement to this Indenture substantially in the form
of Exhibit A hereto in accordance with the provisions of Article Nine of this Indenture pursuant to which such Restricted Subsidiary
shall guarantee all of the obligations on the Notes, whether for principal, premium, if any, interest (including interest accruing after
the filing of, or which would have accrued but for the filing of, a petition by or against the Issuer under any Bankruptcy Law, whether
or not such interest is allowed as a claim after such filing in any proceeding under such law) and other amounts due in connection therewith
(including any fees, expenses and indemnities), on an unsecured senior basis, together with an Officers Certificate stating that
such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture. Upon the execution of any such amendment or supplement, the
obligations of the Guarantors and any such Restricted Subsidiary under their respective Guarantees shall become joint and several and
each reference to the Guarantor in this Indenture shall, subject to Section 12.08, be deemed to refer to all Guarantors,
including such Restricted Subsidiary. Such Guarantee shall be released in accordance with Section 8.03 and Section 12.08.

SECTION 12.04.Limitation
of Guarantors Liability

. Each Guarantor and by its acceptance hereof each
Holder confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the guarantee by each such Guarantor pursuant to its Guarantee not
constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of the Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform
Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law or the provisions of its local law relating to fraudulent transfer or conveyance.
To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Holders and each such Guarantor hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of such Guarantor
under its Guarantee shall be limited to the maximum amount that will not, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities
of such Guarantor and after giving effect to any collections from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect
of the obligations of such other Guarantor under its Guarantee or pursuant to this Section 12.04, result in the obligations of such
Guarantor under its Guarantee constituting such fraudulent transfer or conveyance.

-142-

SECTION 12.05.Contribution.
In order to provide for just and equitable contribution among the Guarantors, the Guarantors agree, inter se, that in the event any payment
or distribution is made by any Guarantor (a Funding Guarantor) under a Guarantee, such Funding Guarantor shall be
entitled to a contribution from all other Guarantors in a pro rata amount based on the Adjusted Net Assets (as defined below) of each
Guarantor (including the Funding Guarantor) for all payments, damages and expenses incurred by that Funding Guarantor in discharging
the Issuers obligations with respect to the Notes or any other Guarantors obligations with respect to the Guarantee of
such Guarantor; provided that such right to seek contribution does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Guarantees. Adjusted
Net Assets of such Guarantor at any date shall mean the lesser of (1) the amount by which the fair value of the property
of such Guarantor exceeds the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities (after giving effect to all other fixed and
contingent liabilities incurred or assumed on such date), but excluding liabilities under the Guarantee of such Guarantor at such date
and (2) the amount by which the present fair salable value of the assets of such Guarantor at such date exceeds the amount that
will be required to pay the probable liability of such Guarantor on its debts (after giving effect to all other fixed and contingent
liabilities incurred or assumed on such date), excluding debt in respect of the Guarantee of such Guarantor, as they become absolute
and matured.

SECTION 12.06.Subrogation.
Each Guarantor shall be subrogated to all rights of Holders against the Issuer in respect of any amounts paid by any Guarantor pursuant
to the provisions of Section 12.01; provided that, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no Guarantor shall be
entitled to enforce or receive any payments arising out of, or based upon, such right of subrogation until all amounts then due and payable
by the Issuer under this Indenture with respect to the Notes or the Notes shall have been paid in full.

SECTION 12.07.Reinstatement.
Each Guarantor hereby agrees (and each Person who becomes a Guarantor shall agree) that the Guarantee provided for in Section 12.01 shall
continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time, payment, or any part thereof, of any obligations
or interest thereon is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by a Holder to the Issuer upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of the Issuer
or any Guarantor.

SECTION 12.08.Release
of a Guarantor. Any Guarantee by a Guarantor shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon:

(1)(A)any
sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition (by merger, consolidation, amalgamation, dividend, distribution or otherwise) of (i) the
Capital Stock of such Guarantor (including any sale, exchange or transfer), after which such Guarantor is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary
or (ii) all or substantially all of the assets of such Guarantor to a Person that is not the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary,
in each case, if such sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition is not prohibited by the applicable provisions of this Indenture;

(B)(i) the
release or discharge of such other guarantee or direct obligation that resulted in the creation of such Guarantee, except a discharge
or release by or as a result of payment under such guarantee or direct obligation (it being understood that a release subject to a contingent
reinstatement is still a release) or (ii) if, at the time of such release and discharge and assuming such Guarantor was not then
a Guarantor under this Indenture, such Guarantor would not have been required to guarantee the Notes pursuant to the provisions described
under Section 10.15;

-143-

(C)the
designation of any such Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in compliance with the applicable provisions
of this Indenture;

(D)with
respect to the Notes, the Issuers exercise of its legal defeasance option or covenant defeasance option as described under Section 13.02 or
Section 13.03 or the Issuers obligations under this Indenture being discharged in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;

(E)the
merger, amalgamation or consolidation of any such Guarantor with and into the Issuer or another Guarantor that is the surviving Person
in such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, or upon the liquidation of such Guarantor following the transfer of all of its assets
to the Issuer or another Guarantor; or

(F)upon
the occurrence of a Covenant Suspension Event; provided that such Guarantee shall be reinstated upon the occurrence of the Reversion
Date.

SECTION 12.09.Benefits
Acknowledged. Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated
by this Indenture and from its guarantee and waivers pursuant to its Guarantees under this Article Twelve.

SECTION 12.10.Effectiveness
of Guarantees.

This Indenture shall be effective upon its execution
and delivery by the parties hereto. With respect to each Guarantor, the provisions set forth in this Article Twelve shall be effective
upon the execution and delivery of this Indenture by the parties hereto.

Article Thirteen

LEGAL
DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE

SECTION 13.01.Issuers
Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. The Issuer may, at its option, at any time, with respect to the Notes,
elect to have either Section 13.02 or Section 13.03 be applied to all Outstanding Notes upon compliance with the
conditions set forth below in this Article Thirteen.

SECTION 13.02.Legal
Defeasance and Discharge. Upon the Issuers exercise under Section 13.01 of the option applicable to this Section 13.02,
each of the Issuer and the Guarantors shall be deemed to have been discharged from its respective obligations with respect to all Outstanding
Notes and the Guarantees on the date the conditions set forth in Section 13.04 are satisfied (hereinafter, Legal
Defeasance). For this purpose, such Legal Defeasance means that each of the Issuer and the Guarantors shall be deemed to have
paid and discharged the entire indebtedness represented by the Outstanding Notes, which shall thereafter be deemed to be Outstanding
only for the purposes of Section 13.05 and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to in (1) and (2) below,
and the Guarantees and to have satisfied all its other obligations under the Notes, Guarantees and this Indenture insofar as such Notes
are concerned and have cured all then existing Defaults or Events of Default (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute
proper instruments acknowledging the same), except for the following which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder:
(1) the rights of Holders of Notes to receive payments in respect of the principal of (and premium, if any, on) and interest on
the Notes when such payments are due, solely out of the trust created pursuant to this Indenture, (2) the Issuers obligations
with respect to the Notes under Sections 3.04, 3.05, 3.06, 10.02 and 10.03, (3) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and
immunities of the Trustee hereunder, and the obligations of each of the Guarantors and the Issuer in connection therewith and (4) this
Article Thirteen. Subject to compliance with this Article Thirteen, the Issuer may exercise its option under this Section 13.02 notwithstanding
the prior exercise of its option under Section 13.03 with respect to the Notes.

-144-

SECTION 13.03.Covenant
Defeasance. Upon the Issuers exercise under Section 13.01 of the option applicable to this Section 13.03, each
of the Issuer and the Guarantors shall be released from its respective obligations under any covenant contained in Sections 8.01 and
8.02 and in Sections 10.04 through and including 10.17 with respect to the Outstanding Notes on and after the date
the conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, Covenant Defeasance), and the Notes shall thereafter
be deemed not to be Outstanding for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or declaration or Act of Holders of
Notes (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection with such covenants, but shall continue to be deemed Outstanding
for all other purposes hereunder. For this purpose, such Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to the Outstanding Notes, the Issuer
or any Guarantor, as applicable, may omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation
set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by
reason of any reference in any such covenant to any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall
not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Sections 5.01(3), and as a result of such Covenant Defeasance, Sections 5.01(4),
5.01(5), and 5.01(7) and, with respect to only any Significant Subsidiary and not the Issuer, Section 5.01(6), shall no longer
be in effect but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and the Notes shall be unaffected thereby.

SECTION 13.04.Conditions
to Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. The following shall be the conditions to application of either Section 13.02 or
Section 13.03 to the Outstanding Notes:

(1)the
Issuer must irrevocably deposit with the Trustee, in trust, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, cash in U.S. dollars, Government
Securities, or a combination thereof, in such amounts (including scheduled payments thereon) as will be sufficient (without consideration
of any reinvestment of interest), in the opinion of an Independent Financial Advisor, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest
due on the Notes on the stated maturity date or on the Redemption Date, as the case may be, of such principal, premium, if any, or interest
on such Notes and the Issuer must specify whether such Notes are being defeased to maturity or to a particular Redemption Date; provided,
that upon any redemption that requires the payment of the relevant Applicable Premium, the amount deposited shall be sufficient for purposes
of this Indenture to the extent that an amount is deposited with the Trustee equal to the relevant Applicable Premium calculated as of
the date of the notice of redemption, with any Applicable Premium Deficit only required to be deposited with the Trustee on or prior
to the date of redemption. Any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set forth in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee
simultaneously with the deposit of such Applicable Premium Deficit that confirms that such Applicable Premium Deficit shall be applied
toward such redemption;

-145-

(2)in
the case of Legal Defeasance, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel confirming that, subject to customary
assumptions and exclusions,

(A)the
Issuer has received from, or there has been published by, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or

(B)since
the issuance of the Notes, there has been a change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law,

in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such
Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, subject to customary assumptions and exclusions, the beneficial owners of the Notes will not recognize
income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as applicable, as a result of such Legal Defeasance and will be subject to
U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Legal Defeasance
had not occurred;

(3)in
the case of Covenant Defeasance, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel confirming that, subject to customary
assumptions and exclusions, the beneficial owners of the Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes
as a result of such Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at
the same times as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred;

(4)no
Default or Event of Default (other than that resulting from borrowing funds to be applied to make such deposit and any similar and simultaneous
deposit relating to other Indebtedness, and, in each case the granting of Liens in connection therewith) shall have occurred and be continuing
on the date of such deposit;

(5)such
Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under any material agreement
or material instrument (other than this Indenture and the agreements governing any other Indebtedness being defeased, discharged or replaced) to
which, the Issuer or any Guarantor is a party or by which the Issuer or any Guarantor is bound (other than that resulting from borrowing
funds to be applied to make such deposit and any similar and simultaneous deposit relating to other Indebtedness and, in each case, the
granting of Liens in connection therewith);

(6)the
Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Issuer with the
intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any creditors of the Issuer or any Guarantor or others; and

(7)the
Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (which Opinion of Counsel may be
subject to customary assumptions and exclusions) each stating that all conditions precedent provided for or relating to the Legal Defeasance
or the Covenant Defeasance, as the case may be, have been complied with.

-146-

SECTION 13.05.Deposited
Money and Government Securities To Be Held in Trust Other Miscellaneous Provisions. Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of
Section 10.03, all cash and Government Securities (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 13.04 in
respect of the Outstanding Notes shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Notes and
this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Issuer acting as its own Paying Agent) as
the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal (and premium,
if any) and interest on the Notes, but such money or Government Securities need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent
required by law.

The Issuer shall pay and indemnify the Trustee against
any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the Government Securities deposited pursuant to Section 13.04 or
the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of
the Holders of the Outstanding Notes.

Anything in this Article Thirteen to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Issuer from time to time upon Issuer Request any money or Government Securities
held by it as provided in Section 13.04 which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants
expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, are in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required
to be deposited to effect an equivalent Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance, as applicable, in accordance with this Article Thirteen.

SECTION 13.06.Reinstatement.
If the Trustee or any Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or Government Securities in accordance with Section 13.05 by
reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application,
then the Issuers and each Guarantors obligations under this Indenture and the Outstanding Notes shall be revived and reinstated
as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 13.02 or 13.03, as the case may be, until such time as the Trustee or
Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money or Government Securities in accordance with Section 13.05; provided that, if the
Issuer makes any payment of principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on any Note following the reinstatement of its obligations,
the Issuer shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money or Government Securities
held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

[Signature Pages Follow]

-147-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC., as Issuer

By: /s/ Daniel S. Perotti

Name: Daniel S. Perotti

Title: Senior Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer

PNMAC HOLDINGS, INC.

By /s/ Joshua Smith

Name: Joshua Smith

Title: Senior Managing Director and Treasurer

PRIVATE NATIONAL MORTGAGE ACCEPTANCE COMPANY, LLC

By /s/ Joshua Smith

Name: Joshua Smith

Title: Senior Managing Director and Treasurer

PNMAC CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC

By /s/ Joshua Smith

Name: Joshua Smith

Title: Senior Managing Director and Treasurer

-148-

PENNYMAC LOAN SERVICES, LLC

By /s/ Joshua Smith

Name: Joshua Smith

Title: Senior Managing Director, Treasury

PENNYMAC SERVICES, INC.

By /s/ Joshua Smith

Name: Joshua Smith

Title: Senior Managing Director and Treasurer

-149-

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Joshua A. Hahn

Name: Joshua A. Hahn

Title: Vice President

-150-

Annex I - Rule 144A
/ Regulation S Appendix

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INITIAL NOTES

1.Definitions

1.1Definitions.

For the purposes of this Appendix the following
terms shall have the meanings indicated below:

Applicable Procedures means
the rules and procedures of the Depository to the extent applicable to such transaction and as in effect from time to time.

Definitive Note means a certificated
Note bearing, if required, the appropriate restricted notes legend set forth in Section 2.3(d).

Depository means The Depository
Trust Company, its nominees and their respective successors.

Distribution Compliance Period,
with respect to any Notes, means the period of 40 consecutive days beginning on and including the latest of the Issue Date,
the original issue date of the issuance of any Additional Notes and the date on which any such Notes (or any predecessor of such Notes)
were first offered to persons other than distributors (as defined in rule 902 of Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S.

Initial Purchasers means (1) with
respect to the Notes issued on the Issue Date, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., ATLAS SP Securities, a division of Apollo Global Securities,
LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Nomura Securities International, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
BofA Securities, Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BTIG, LLC and
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. and (2) with respect to each issuance of Additional Notes, the Persons purchasing such
Additional Notes under the related Purchase Agreement.

Notes means (1) $850,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of 6.875% Senior Notes Due 2033 issued on the Issue Date and (2) Additional Notes, if any.

Notes Custodian means the custodian
with respect to a Global Notes (as appointed by the Depository), or any successor Person thereto and shall initially be the Trustee.

Purchase Agreement means (1) with
respect to the Notes issued on the Issue Date, the Purchase Agreement, dated February 4, 2025, among the Issuer, the Guarantors
and the Representative on behalf of the Initial Purchasers, and (2) with respect to each issuance of Additional Notes, the purchase
agreement among the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Persons purchasing such Additional Notes.

QIB means a qualified
institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A.

Representative means Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC, as representative of the Initial Purchasers.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

-1-

Transfer Restricted Notes means
Notes that bear or are required to bear the legend relating to restrictions on transfer relating to the Securities Act set forth in Section 2.3(d) hereto.

1.2Other
Definitions.

Term Defined in

Section:

Agent Members 2.1(b)

Global Notes 2.1(a)

Permanent Regulation S Global Note 2.1(a)

Regulation S 2.1(a)

Regulation S Global Note 2.1(a)

Rule 144A 2.1(a)

Rule 144A Global Note 2.1(a)

Temporary Regulation S Global Note 2.1(a)

2.The
Notes.

2.1(a) Form and
Dating. The Notes will be offered and sold by the Issuer pursuant to a Purchase Agreement. The Notes will be resold initially only
to (i) Persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A)
and (ii) Persons other than U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S) in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S
under the Securities Act (Regulation S). Notes may thereafter be transferred to, among others, QIBs and purchasers
in reliance on Regulation S, subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein. Notes initially resold pursuant to Rule 144A
shall be issued initially in the form of one or more permanent global notes in fully registered form (collectively, the Rule 144A
Global Note); and Notes initially resold pursuant to Regulation S shall be issued initially in the form of one or
more temporary global notes in fully registered form (collectively, the Temporary Regulation S Global Note),
in each case without interest coupons and with the global notes legend and the applicable restricted notes legend set forth in Exhibit 1,
which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented thereby with the Notes Custodian and registered in the
name of the Depository, duly executed by the Issuer and authenticated by the Trustee as provided in this Indenture. Except as set forth
in this Section 2.1(a), beneficial ownership interests in the Temporary Regulation S Global Note will not be exchangeable for
interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, a permanent global note (the Permanent Regulation S Global Note,
and together with the Temporary Regulation S Global Note, the Regulation S Global Note) or any other Note
prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period and then, after the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, may
be exchanged for interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, the Permanent Regulation S Global Note or a Definitive Note only (i) upon
certification in form reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee that beneficial ownership interests in such Temporary Regulation S
Global Note are owned either by non-U.S. Persons or U.S. Persons who purchased such interests in a transaction that did not require registration
under the Securities Act, and (ii) in the case of an exchange for a Definitive Note, in compliance with the requirements of Section 2.4(a) hereof.

Beneficial interests in Temporary Regulation S
Global Notes may be exchanged for interests in Rule 144A Global Notes if (1) such exchange occurs in connection with a transfer
of Notes in compliance with Rule 144A and (2) the transferor of the beneficial interest in the Temporary Regulation S
Global Note first delivers to the Trustee a written certificate (in a form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee) to the
effect that the beneficial interest in the Temporary Regulation S Global Note is being transferred to a Person (a) whom the
transferor reasonably believes to be a QIB, (b) purchasing for its own account or the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting
the requirements of Rule 144A, and (c) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the States of the United States
and other jurisdictions.

-2-

Beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global
Note may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Note, whether before
or after the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, only if the transferor first delivers to the Trustee a written certificate
(in a form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Rule 903 or
904 of Regulation S.

The Rule 144A Global Note, the Temporary Regulation S
Global Note and the Permanent Regulation S Global Note are collectively referred to herein as Global Notes.
The aggregate principal amount of the Global Notes may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records
of the Trustee and the Depository or its nominee as hereinafter provided.

(b)Book-Entry
Provisions. This Section 2.1(b) shall apply only to a Global Note deposited with or on behalf of the Depository.

The Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall,
in accordance with Section 2.2 below and 2.02 of this Indenture, authenticate and deliver initially one or more Global Notes
that (a) shall be registered in the name of the Depository and (b) shall be delivered by the Trustee to such Depository or
pursuant to such Depositorys instructions or held by the Trustee as custodian for the Depository.

Members of, or participants in the Depository (Agent
Members) shall have no rights under this Indenture with respect to any Global Note held on their behalf by the Depository
or by the Trustee as the custodian of the Depository or under such Global Note, and the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer
or the Trustee shall be entitled to treat the Depository as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Issuer, the Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee from giving effect to any
written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depository or impair as between the Depository and its Agent
Members, the operation of customary practices of such Depository governing the exercise of the rights of a holder of a beneficial interest
in any Global Note. Neither the Trustee nor any agent shall have any responsibility or liability for any actions taken or not taken by
the Depository.

In connection with any proposed transfer outside
the book-entry system, the Issuer or the Depository shall be required to provide or cause to be provided to the Trustee all information
necessary to allow the Trustee to comply with any applicable tax reporting obligations, including without limitation any cost basis reporting
obligations under Section 6045 of the Code. The Trustee may rely on any such information provided to it and shall have no responsibility
to verify or ensure the accuracy of such information.

(c)Definitive
Notes. Except as provided in this Section 2.1 and Sections 2.3 or 2.4, owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes shall
not be entitled to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes.

2.2Authentication.
The Trustee shall authenticate and deliver: (1) on the Issue Date, $850,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.875% Senior Notes
Due 2033 and (2) any Additional Notes for an original issue, in each case, in an aggregate principal amount specified in an
Issuer Order pursuant to Section 2.02 of this Indenture. Such Issuer Order shall specify the amount of the Notes to be authenticated
and the date on which the original issue of Notes is to be authenticated and, in the case of any issuance of Additional Notes pursuant
to Section 3.13 of this Indenture, shall certify that such issuance is in compliance with Section 10.11 of this Indenture.

-3-

2.3Transfer
and Exchange.

(a)Transfer
and Exchange of Definitive Notes. When Definitive Notes are presented to the Note Registrar with a request:

(x)to
register the transfer of such Definitive Notes; or

(y)to
exchange such Definitive Notes for an equal principal amount of Definitive Notes of other authorized denominations,

the Note Registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange
as requested if its reasonable requirements for such transaction are met; provided, however, that the Definitive Notes surrendered for
transfer or exchange:

(i)shall
be duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer and the Note Registrar,
duly executed by the Holder thereof or its attorney duly authorized in writing; and

(ii)if
such Definitive Notes are required to bear a restricted notes legend, they are being transferred or exchanged pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 2.3(b) or pursuant to clause (A), (B) or (C) below,
and are accompanied by the following additional information and documents, as applicable:

(A)if
such Definitive Notes are being delivered to the Note Registrar by a Holder for registration in the name of such Holder, without transfer,
a certification from such Holder to that effect; or

(B)if
such Definitive Notes are being transferred to the Issuer, a certification to that effect; or

(C)if
such Definitive Notes are being transferred (x) pursuant to an exemption from registration in accordance with Rule 144A or
Regulation S; or (y) in reliance upon another exemption from the requirements of the Securities Act: (i) a certification
to that effect (in the form set forth on the reverse of the Note) and (ii) if the Issuer so requests, an opinion of counsel
or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to it as to the compliance with the restrictions set forth in the legend set forth in Section 2.3(d).

(b)Restrictions
on Transfer of a Definitive Note for a Beneficial Interest in a Global Note. A Definitive Note may not be exchanged for a beneficial
interest in a Rule 144A Global Note or a Regulation S Global Note except upon satisfaction of the requirements set forth below.
Upon receipt by the Trustee of a Definitive Note, duly endorsed or accompanied by appropriate instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory
to the Trustee, together with:

(i)certification,
in the form set forth on the reverse of the Note, that such Definitive Note is either (A) being transferred to a QIB in accordance
with Rule 144A or (B) being transferred after expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period by a Person who initially purchased
such Note in reliance on Regulation S to a buyer who elects to hold its interest in such Note in the form of a beneficial interest
in the Regulation S Global Note; and

(ii)written instructions
directing the Trustee to make, or to direct the Notes Custodian to make, an adjustment on its books and records with respect to such
Rule 144A Global Note (in the case of a transfer pursuant to clause (b)(i)(A)) or Regulation S Global Note (in the case
of a transfer pursuant to clause (b)(i)(B)) to reflect an increase in the aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented by
the Rule 144A Global Note or Regulation S Global Note, as applicable, such instructions to contain information regarding the
Agent Member account to be credited with such increase,

-4-

then the Trustee shall cancel such Definitive Note and cause, or direct
the Notes Custodian to cause, in accordance with the standing instructions and procedures of the Depository and the Notes Custodian,
the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Rule 144A Global Note or Regulation S Global Note, as applicable,
to be increased by the aggregate principal amount of the Definitive Note to be exchanged and shall credit or cause to be credited to
the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global Note or Regulation S
Global Note, as applicable, equal to the principal amount of the Definitive Note so canceled. If no Rule 144A Global Notes or Regulation S
Global Notes, as applicable, are then outstanding, the Issuer shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate, upon written order
of the Issuer in the form of an Officers Certificate of the Issuer, a new Rule 144A Global Note or Regulation S Global
Note, as applicable, in the appropriate principal amount.

(c)Transfer
and Exchange of Global Notes.

(i)The
transfer and exchange of Global Notes or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depository, in accordance with this
Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth herein, if any) and the Applicable Procedures. A transferor of a beneficial
interest in a Global Note shall deliver to the Note Registrar a written order given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures
containing information regarding the participant account of the Depository to be credited with a beneficial interest in the Global Note.
The Note Registrar shall, in accordance with such instructions instruct the Depository to credit to the account of the Person specified
in such instructions a beneficial interest in the Global Note and to debit the account of the Person making the transfer the beneficial
interest in the Global Note being transferred. The Note Registrar shall have no responsibilities with respect to transfers of beneficial
interests within a single Global Note.

(ii)If
the proposed transfer is a transfer of a beneficial interest in one Global Note to a beneficial interest in another Global Note,
the Note Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in the principal amount of the Global Note to which
such interest is being transferred in an amount equal to the principal amount of the interest to be so transferred, and the Note Registrar
shall reflect on its books and records the date and a corresponding decrease in the principal amount of the Global Note from which such
interest is being transferred.

(iii)Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Appendix (other than the provisions set forth in Section 2.4), a Global Note may not be transferred
as a whole except by the Depository to a nominee of the Depository or by a nominee of the Depository to the Depository or another nominee
of the Depository or by the Depository or any such nominee to a successor Depository or a nominee of such successor Depository.

(iv)In
the event that a Global Note is exchanged for a Definitive Note pursuant to Section 2.4 of this Appendix, such Notes may be
exchanged only in accordance with such procedures as are substantially consistent with the provisions of this Section 2.3 (including
the certification requirements set forth on the reverse of the Notes intended to ensure that such transfers comply with Rule 144A,
Regulation S or another applicable exemption under the Securities Act, as the case may be) and such other procedures as may
from time to time be adopted by the Issuer.

-5-

(v)During
the Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial ownership interests in Temporary Regulation S Global Notes may only be sold, pledged
or transferred in accordance with the Applicable Procedures and only (i) to the Issuer, (ii) in an offshore transaction in
accordance with Regulation S (other than a transaction resulting in an exchange for an interest in a Permanent Regulation S
Global Note) or (iii) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance
with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States.

(d)Legend.
Each Note certificate evidencing the Global Notes (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof) shall bear a
legend in substantially the following form (unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer and the Holder thereof):

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION.
NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED
OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A)) OR (B) IT
IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S) AND (2) AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR
WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED SECURITIES, TO OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY, ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY PARENT
OR SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BECOME OR BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (D) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES
ACT (OTHER THAN PURSUANT TO RULE 144), SUBJECT TO THE ISSUERS RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES
(D) OR (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/ OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER.

-6-

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS SECURITY,
THE HOLDER HEREOF WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS SECURITY
(OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT
THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), OR PROVISIONS UNDER
ANY OTHER U.S. OR NON-U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR THE CODE
(COLLECTIVELY, SIMILAR LAWS), OR (C) ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS
(WITHIN THE MEANING OF 29 C.F.R. SECTION 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) OF ANY SUCH PLAN, ACCOUNT OR ARRANGEMENT
DESCRIBED IN CLAUSE (A) OR (B), OR (II) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) BY IT ARE IN
COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE FIDUCIARY DUTIES AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406
OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A SIMILAR VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS.

Each Note being sold pursuant to Regulation S shall also bear
an additional legend substantially to the following effect (unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer and the Holder thereof):

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON, UNLESS SUCH NOTES ARE REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS THEREOF IS AVAILABLE. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED AFTER THE
EXPIRATION OF FORTY DAYS FROM THE LATER OF (I) THE DATE ON WHICH THESE NOTES WERE FIRST OFFERED AND (II) THE DATE OF ISSUE
OF THESE NOTES.

Each Definitive Note shall also bear the following additional legend:

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER
TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM
THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.

(e)Cancellation
or Adjustment of Global Note. At such time as all beneficial interests in a Global Note have either been exchanged for Definitive
Notes, redeemed, purchased or canceled, such Global Note shall be returned to the Depository for cancellation or retained and canceled
by the Trustee. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for certificated Notes,
redeemed, purchased or canceled, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note shall be reduced and an adjustment shall
be made on the books and records of the Trustee (if it is then the Notes Custodian for such Global Note) with respect to such Global
Note, by the Trustee or the Notes Custodian, to reflect such reduction.

-7-

(f)No
Obligation of the Trustee.

(i)The
Trustee shall have no responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner of a Global Note, a member of, or a participant in the Depository
or other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records of the Depository or its nominee or of any participant or member thereof,
with respect to any ownership interest in the Notes or with respect to the delivery to any participant, member, beneficial owner or other
Person (other than the Depository) of any notice (including any notice of redemption) or the payment of any amount, under or with respect
to such Notes. All notices and communications to be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to Holders under the Notes shall
be given or made only to or upon the order of the registered Holders (which shall be the Depository or its nominee in the case of a Global
Note). The rights of beneficial owners in any Global Note shall be exercised only through the Depository subject to the applicable rules and
procedures of the Depository. The Trustee may rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by the Depository
with respect to its members, participants and any beneficial owners.

(ii)The
Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed
under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between
or among the Depository participants, members or beneficial owners in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of such certificates
and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by, the terms of this Indenture,
and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof. Neither the Trustee nor
any Agent shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depository.

2.4Definitive
Notes.

(a)A
Global Note deposited with the Depository or with the Trustee as Notes Custodian for the Depository pursuant to Section 2.1 shall
be transferred to the beneficial owners thereof in the form of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal
amount of such Global Note, in exchange for such Global Note, only if such transfer complies with Section 2.3 hereof and (i) the
Depository notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depository for such Global Note or if at any time such Depository
ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in each case, a successor depository is not appointed
by the Issuer within 90 days of such notice, or of its becoming aware of such cessation, or (ii) a Default has occurred and
is continuing or (iii) the Issuer, in its sole discretion, and subject to the procedures of the Depository, notifies the Trustee
in writing that it elects to cause the issuance of Definitive Notes under this Indenture.

(b)Any
Global Note that is transferable to the beneficial owners thereof pursuant to this Section 2.4 shall be surrendered by the
Depository to the Trustee located at its principal Corporate Trust Office in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, to be so
transferred, in whole or from time to time in part, without charge, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, upon such transfer
of each portion of such Global Note, an equal aggregate principal amount of Definitive Notes of authorized denominations. Any portion
of a Global Note transferred pursuant to this Section 2.4 shall be executed, authenticated and delivered only in denominations
of $2,000 principal amount and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof and registered in such names as the Depository
shall direct. Any Definitive Note delivered in exchange for an interest in the Transfer Restricted Note shall bear the applicable restricted
notes legend and definitive notes legend set forth in Exhibit 1 hereto.

(c)The
registered Holder of a Global Note shall be entitled to grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and
Persons that may hold interests through Agent Members, to take any action which a Holder is entitled to take under this Indenture or
the Notes.

(d)In
the event of the occurrence of one of the events specified in Section 2.4(a) hereof, the Issuer shall promptly make available
to the Trustee a reasonable supply of Definitive Notes in definitive, fully registered form without interest coupons. In the event that
such Definitive Notes are not issued, the Issuer expressly acknowledges, with respect to the right of any Holder to pursue a remedy pursuant
to this Indenture, including pursuant to Section 5.07, the right of any beneficial owner of Notes to pursue such remedy with respect
to the portion of the Global Note that represents such beneficial owners Notes as if such Definitive Notes had been issued.

-8-

EXHIBIT 1

to Annex I

[FORM OF FACE OF INITIAL NOTE]

[Global Notes Legend]

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER,
EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY
AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH
AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN
WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO THE DEPOSITORY, TO NOMINEES OF THE DEPOSITORY OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE
AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN
THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF.

[Restricted Notes Legend]

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER THIS SECURITY
NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED
OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE SECURITIES ACT. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A)) OR (B) IT IS NOT A U.S.
PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S) AND (2) AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH
IT HAS PURCHASED SECURITIES, TO OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY, ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY PARENT OR
SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BECOME OR BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT,
(C) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (D) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES
ACT (OTHER THAN PURSUANT TO RULE 144), SUBJECT TO THE ISSUERS RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES
(D) OR (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/ OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER.

-1-

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS SECURITY, THE HOLDER HEREOF WILL BE DEEMED
TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WITH THE
ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974,
AS AMENDED (ERISA), (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975
OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), OR PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER U.S. OR NON-U.S. FEDERAL,
STATE, LOCAL, OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR THE CODE (COLLECTIVELY, SIMILAR LAWS),
OR (C) ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF 29 C.F.R. SECTION 2510.3-101,
AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) OF ANY SUCH PLAN, ACCOUNT OR ARRANGEMENT DESCRIBED IN CLAUSE (A) OR (B), OR (II) THE
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) BY IT ARE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE FIDUCIARY DUTIES AND WILL
NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A
SIMILAR VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS.

[Additional Regulation S
Restricted Notes Legend]

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD OR DELIVERED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON, UNLESS SUCH NOTES ARE REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS THEREOF IS AVAILABLE. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED AFTER THE EXPIRATION
OF FORTY DAYS FROM THE LATER OF (I) THE DATE ON WHICH THESE NOTES WERE FIRST OFFERED AND (II) THE DATE OF ISSUE OF THESE NOTES.

[Definitive Notes Legend]

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR
AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER
COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.

-2-

6.875% Senior Note Due 2033

No. $____________

CUSIP No.____________

PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (the Issuer),
a Delaware corporation, promises to pay to [________]1, or
registered assigns, the principal sum [of ________ U.S. dollars]2
on February 15, 2033.

Interest Payment Dates: February 15 and August 15
(commencing on August 15, 2025).

Regular Record Dates: February 1 and August 1.

Additional provisions of this Note are set forth
on the other side of this Note.

1 For Global Notes insert: Cede &
Co.

2 For Global Notes insert: set forth
on the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Note attached hereto

-3-

Dated: 

PENNYMAC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

-1-

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated: _________________

This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned
Indenture.

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

-2-

[FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF INITIAL NOTE]

6.875% Senior Note Due 2033

1.Principal
and Interest.

The Issuer will pay the principal of this Note on
February 15, 2033.

The Issuer promises to pay interest on the principal
amount of this Note on each Interest Payment Date, as set forth below, at the rate of 6.875% per annum.

Interest will be payable semi-annually in arrears
(to the Holders of record at the close of business (if applicable) on the February 1 or August 1 (whether or not a Business
Day) immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date) on each Interest Payment Date, commencing August 15, 2025.

Interest on this Note will accrue from the most
recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for or, if no interest has been paid or duly provided for, from February 6,
2025; provided that, if there is no existing default in the payment of interest and if this Note is authenticated between a Regular Record
Date referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, interest shall accrue from such Interest Payment Date.
Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal
and premium, if any, and interest on overdue installments of interest, to the extent lawful, at a rate per annum equal to the rate of
interest borne by the Notes.

2.Method
of Payment.

The Issuer will pay interest (except Defaulted Interest)
on the principal amount of the Notes on each February 15 and August 15 (commencing on August 15, 2025) to the Persons
who are Holders of Notes (as reflected in the Note Register at the close of business (if applicable) on the February 1 and August 1
(whether or not a Business Day) immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date), in each case, even if the Note is cancelled on registration
of transfer or registration of exchange after such Regular Record Date; provided that, with respect to the payment of principal or premium,
if any, the Issuer will make payment to the Holder that surrenders this Note to the Paying Agent on or after the date such principal
or premium is due and payable.

The Issuer will pay principal (and premium, if any)
and interest in U.S. dollars. However, the Issuer may pay principal (and premium, if any) and interest by its check payable in such money.
The Issuer may pay interest on the Notes either (a) by mailing a check for such interest to a Holders registered address
(as reflected in the Note Register) or (b) subject to the provisions of the Indenture, by wire transfer to an account located in
the United States maintained by the payee. If a payment date is a date other than a Business Day at a place of payment, payment may be
made at that place on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day and no interest shall accrue for the intervening period.

3.Paying
Agent and Note Registrar.

The Issuer initially appoints U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, in New York as Paying Agent and Note Registrar. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent or Note Registrar without
prior notice to the Holders. The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent, Note Registrar or co-registrar.

-3-

4.Indenture.

The Issuer issued the Notes under an Indenture,
dated as of February 6, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee. Capitalized
terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture unless otherwise indicated. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture.
The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of all such terms. To the extent permitted
by applicable law, in the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Note and the terms of the Indenture, the terms of the
Indenture shall control.

The Notes are unsecured senior obligations of the
Issuer. The Indenture does not limit the aggregate principal amount of the Notes.

5.Redemption.

Optional Redemption. At any time prior to
February 15, 2028, the Issuer may, at its option and on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of the Notes, upon notice
as described in Section 11.06 of the Indenture, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed
plus the Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, subject to the rights
of Holders of record of Notes on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling
on or prior to the Redemption Date.

On and after February 15, 2028, the Issuer
may, at its option and on one or more occasions, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, upon notice as described in Section 11.06
of the Indenture, at the Redemption Prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed) set forth
below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of
record of Notes on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling on or prior
to the Redemption Date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on February 15 of each of the years indicated
below:

Year Percentage 

2028 103.438 %

2029 101.719 %

2030 and thereafter 100.000 %

In addition, until February 15, 2028, the Issuer
may, at its option and on one or more occasions, upon notice as described in Section 11.06 of the Indenture, redeem up to 40%
of the aggregate principal amount of Notes (including Additional Notes) issued under the Indenture at a Redemption Price (as calculated
by the Issuer) equal to (i) 106.875% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, with an amount equal to or less than the net cash
proceeds from one or more Equity Offerings to the extent such net cash proceeds are received by or contributed to the Issuer plus (ii) accrued
and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record of
Notes on the relevant Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to the Redemption
Date; provided that (a) at least 50% of the sum of the original aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the Indenture on
the Issue Date and the original principal amount of any Additional Notes issued under the Indenture after the Issue Date remains
outstanding immediately after the occurrence of each such redemption and (b) each such redemption occurs within 180 days of
the date of closing of each such Equity Offering.

-4-

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with
any tender offer, Change of Control Triggering Event Offer, Alternate Offer, Asset Sale Offer or Advance Offer for the Notes, if Holders
of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in such offer
and the Issuer or any third party making such offer in lieu of the Issuer purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn
by such Holders, the Issuer or such third party will have the right upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice,
given not more than 30 days following such purchase date, to redeem (with respect to the Issuer) or purchase (with respect to a third
party) (and the Holders of the remaining Notes shall be deemed to have agreed to surrender) all Notes that remain outstanding following
such purchase at a price equal to the price paid to each other Holder in such offer (which may be less than par and excluding any early
tender or incentive fee in such offer) plus, to the extent not included in the offer payment, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon,
to, but excluding, the Redemption Date or purchase date, subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Regular Record Date
to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling on or prior to the Redemption Date or purchase date.

6.Repurchase
upon a Change of Control Triggering Event and Asset Sales.

Upon the occurrence of (a) a Change of Control
Triggering Event, the Holders will have the right to require that the Issuer purchase such Holders Outstanding Notes, in whole
or in part, at a purchase price of 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
excluding, the date of purchase and (b) Asset Sales, the Issuer may be obligated to make offers to purchase Notes and Pari Passu
Indebtedness of the Issuer with a portion of the Net Proceeds of such Asset Sales at a Redemption Price of 100% of the aggregate principal
amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of purchase.

7.Denominations;
Transfer; Exchange.

The Notes are in registered form without coupons
in denominations of $2,000 principal amount and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. A Holder may transfer or exchange
Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Note Registrar and the Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate
endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Note Registrar and
the Issuer need not register the transfer or exchange of any Notes selected for redemption (except, in the case of a Note to be redeemed
in part, the portion of the Note not to be redeemed) or any Notes tendered (and not withdrawn) for repurchase in connection with
a Change of Control Triggering Event Offer, an Alternate Offer, an Asset Sale Offer, an Advance Offer or other tender offer. Also, the
Note Registrar and the Issuer need not register the transfer or exchange of any Notes for a period of ten days before delivering
a notice of redemption of Notes to be redeemed.

8.Persons
Deemed Owners.

A registered Holder of a Note may be treated as
the owner of such Note for all purposes.

9.Unclaimed
Money.

If money for the payment of principal (premium,
if any) or interest remains unclaimed for two years, the Trustee and the Paying Agent will pay the money back to the Issuer at its
written request. After that, Holders entitled to the money must look to the Issuer for payment, unless an abandoned property law
designates another Person, and all liability of the Trustee and such Paying Agent with respect to such money shall cease.

-5-

10.Discharge
and Defeasance Prior to Redemption or Maturity.

If the Issuer irrevocably deposits, or causes to
be deposited, with the Trustee money or Government Securities sufficient to pay the then outstanding principal of (premium, if any) and
accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes to the Redemption Date or Stated Maturity, the Issuer will be discharged from its obligations
under the Indenture with respect to the Notes and the Notes, except in certain circumstances for certain covenants thereof, or will be
discharged from certain covenants set forth in the Indenture with respect to the Notes.

11.Amendment;
Supplement; Waiver.

Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture, the
Notes or any Guarantee may be amended or supplemented with the consent of the Issuer and the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the then Outstanding Notes, and any existing Default or Event of Default or compliance with any provision of the
Indenture, the Notes or any Guarantees may be waived with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount
of the then Outstanding Notes. Without notice to or the consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture,
the Notes or the Guarantees to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency and make any change
that does not adversely affect the legal rights under the Indenture of any Holder in any material respect.

12.Restrictive
Covenants.

The Indenture contains certain covenants, including
covenants with respect to the following matters: (i) Restricted Payments; (ii) incurrence of Indebtedness and issuance of Disqualified
Stock and Preferred Stock; (iii) Liens; (iv) transactions with Affiliates; (v) dividend and other payment restrictions
affecting Restricted Subsidiaries; (vi) guarantees of Indebtedness by Restricted Subsidiaries; (vii) merger and certain transfers
of assets; (viii) purchase of Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event; and (ix) disposition of proceeds of Asset Sales.
Within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year beginning with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, the Issuer must
report to the Trustee on compliance with such limitations.

13.Successor
Persons.

When a successor Person or other entity assumes
all the obligations of its predecessor under the Notes or the Guarantees and the Indenture, the predecessor Person will be released from
those obligations.

14.Remedies
for Events of Default.

If an Event of Default, as defined in the Indenture
(other than an Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(6) of the Indenture), occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the
Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the then total Outstanding Notes may declare the principal, premium, if any,
interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then Outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately by a notice in writing
to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by Holders). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Event of Default arising under
Section 5.01(6) of the Indenture, all Outstanding Notes will become due and payable without further action or notice. Subject
to the provisions of the Indenture relating to the duties of the Trustee, in case an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee
shall be under no obligation to exercise any rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless
such Holders have offered indemnity or security against any loss, liability, claim or expense satisfactory to the Trustee. Subject to
certain restrictions, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes are given the right to direct the time,
method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or of exercising any trust or power conferred on
the Trustee. The Trustee, however, may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or the Indenture or that the Trustee determines
is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder of a Note or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability.

-6-

15.Guarantees.

On and following the Issue Date, the Issuers
obligations under the Notes will be fully, irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis, to the extent set
forth in the Indenture, by each of the Guarantors.

16.Trustee
Dealings with Issuer.

The Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual
or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may make loans to, accept deposits from, perform services for, and
otherwise deal with, the Issuer and its Affiliates as if it were not the Trustee.

17.Authentication.

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually
signs the certificate of authentication on the other side of this Note.

18.Abbreviations.

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name
of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with
right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian) and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

19.CUSIP
Numbers.

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the
Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes and the Trustee
may use CUSIP numbers in notices as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as
printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon.
Notwithstanding anything otherwise to the contrary in the Indenture or the Notes, the Issuer may, and, at the Issuers direction,
the Trustee shall, exchange Notes then outstanding, including, in the case of any Global Notes, through a mandatory exchange at the Depository
or otherwise in accordance with Applicable Procedures, to reflect any change in the name of the Issuer, and/or the CUSIP numbers and
ISIN numbers with respect to the Notes as may be necessary or appropriate to give effect to the exchange.

20.Governing
Law.

THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE ISSUER AGREES TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR
STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS NOTE OR THE INDENTURE.

The Issuer will furnish to any Holder upon written request
and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to PennyMac Financial Services, Inc., 3043 Townsgate Road, Westlake
Village, California 91361 (fax: (818) 337-6519), Attention: Derek W. Stark, Senior Managing Director and Chief Legal Officer and Secretary.

-7-

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

I or we assign and transfer this Note to

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)

and irrevocably appoint ___________________ agent to transfer this
Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: Your Signature: 

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.

In connection with any transfer of any of the Notes evidenced by this
certificate occurring prior to the date that is one year after the later of the date of original issuance of such Notes and the
last date, if any, on which such Notes were owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer within the meaning
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the undersigned confirms that such Notes are being
transferred in accordance with its terms:

CHECK ONE BOX BELOW

to
the Issuer or any parent or subsidiary thereof; or

(1) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act; or

(2) inside the United States to a qualified institutional buyer
(as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) that purchases for its own account
or for the account of a qualified institutional buyer to whom notice is given that such transfer
is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, in each case pursuant to and in compliance with
Rule 144A under the Securities Act; or

(3) outside the United States in an offshore transaction within the meaning
of Regulation S under the Securities Act in compliance with Rule 904 under
the Securities Act.

Unless one of the boxes is checked, the Trustee will refuse to
register any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate in the name of any person other than the registered holder thereof.

Signature 

Signature Guarantee:

Signature must be guaranteed Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in
the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as
may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.

-8-

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (2) ABOVE
IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents and warrants that it
is purchasing this Note for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and
any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and
is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding
the Issuer as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it
is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration
provided by Rule 144A.

Dated: 

Notice: To be executed by an executive officer

-9-

[TO BE ATTACHED TO GLOBAL NOTES]

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL NOTE

The initial principal amount of this Global Note is $. The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made:

Date of Exchange Amount
of

decrease in 

Principal amount

of this Global

Note Amount
of

increase in 

Principal amount

of this Global 

Note Principal
amount 

of this Global 

Note following 

such decrease or 

increase Signature
of 

authorized 

signatory of 

Trustee or Notes

Custodian

-10-

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased
by the Issuer pursuant to Section 10.16 or 10.17 of the Indenture, check the box: 

If
you want to elect to have only part of this Note purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Section 10.16 or 10.17 of the
Indenture, state the amount in principal amount: $ .

($2,000 or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof, provided
that the unpurchased portion of a Note must be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000)

Date: Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note)

Signature Guarantee: 

(Signature must be guaranteed)

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution
meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent
Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note
Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

-11-

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

TO BE DELIVERED BY SUBSEQUENT GUARANTORS

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental
Indenture), dated as of ________________, 20__, by __________________ (the New Guarantor).

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, the Issuer and Guarantors have heretofore
executed and delivered to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), an indenture
(as heretofore amended and supplemented, the Indenture), dated as of February 6, 2025, providing for the issuance
of $850,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.875% Senior Notes Due 2033 (the Notes); and

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain
circumstances the New Guarantor shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the New Guarantor
shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Issuers Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set
forth herein (the Guarantee).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the New Guarantor covenants and agrees for
the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows:

1.CAPITALIZED
TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

2.AGREEMENT
TO GUARANTEE. The New Guarantor hereby agrees to provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the Indenture including but not limited to Article Twelve thereof.

3.EXECUTION
AND DELIVERY. The New Guarantor agrees that the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the absence of the endorsement
of any notation of such Guarantee on the Notes.

4.NO
RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of the New Guarantor,
as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or any Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantees, the Indenture or
this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder
of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for
issuance of the Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws and it is the view of
the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy.

5.GOVERNING
LAW. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE PART[Y][IES]
HERETO AGREE[S] TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, IN
THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE.

A-1

6.COUNTERPARTS.
The part[y][ies] may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them
together represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of the Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile
or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of the Supplemental Indenture as to the part[y][ies] hereto and
may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the part[y][ies] hereto transmitted by facsimile
or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.

7.EFFECT
OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience or reference only and are not intended to be considered a part hereof
and shall not affect the construction hereof.

8.THE
TRUSTEE. The Trustee is an express and intended third party beneficiary hereof and is entitled to the rights and benefits hereunder and
may enforce this Agreement as if it were a party hereto. This provision cannot be amended without the consent of the Trustee.

A-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the part[y][ies] hereto have
caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.

[NEW GUARANTOR]

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-3

EXHIBIT B

INCUMBENCY CERTIFICATE

The undersigned, ____________, being the ____________
of ____________ (the Issuer) does hereby certify that the individuals listed below are qualified and acting officers
of the Issuer as set forth in the right column opposite their respective names and the signatures appearing in the extreme right column
opposite the name of each such officer is a true specimen of the genuine signature of such officer and such individuals have the authority
to execute documents to be delivered to, or upon the request of, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee under the
Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2025, among the Issuer, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association.

Name 

Title: 

Signature

__________________ __________________ __________________

__________________ __________________ __________________

__________________ __________________ __________________

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed
and delivered this Certificate as of the ____ day of ________, 20__.

Name:

Title:

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>pfsi-20250206.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pfsi-20250206_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pfsi-20250206_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38727

Entity Registrant Name PennyMac
Financial Services, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001745916

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-1098934

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3043 Townsgate Road

Entity Address, City or Town Westlake Village

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 91361

City Area Code 818

Local Phone Number 224-7442

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol PFSI

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://pennymacfinancial.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

pfsi-20250206.xsd 
pfsi-20250206_lab.xml 
pfsi-20250206_pre.xml 
tm255695d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-010114-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm255695d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001745916 

2025-02-06 
2025-02-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001745916 
8-K 
2025-02-06 
PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. 
DE 
001-38727 
83-1098934 
3043 Townsgate Road 
Westlake Village 
CA 
91361 
818 
224-7442 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
PFSI 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>