<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-083523.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-083523.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417080648
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-083523
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250416
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Atea Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593899
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				460574869
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39661
		FILM NUMBER:		25844351

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 FRANKLIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2100
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		857-204-8109

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 FRANKLIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2100
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d915073d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000159389900015938992025-04-162025-04-16

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 16, 2025

Atea Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39661 46-0574869

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

225 Franklin Street

Suite 2100

Boston, MA02110

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(857)284-8891

(Registrants telephone number, include area code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share AVIR The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On April 16, 2025, Atea Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) entered into an agreement (the Agreement) with Bradley L. Radoff, JEC II Associates, LLC and certain other affiliated entities and natural persons party thereto (collectively, the Radoff-JEC Signatories). Pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. Radoff has withdrawn his notice of his intention to nominate certain individuals for election as Class II directors to the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) at the Companys 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting). 

In connection with the Agreement, the Company agreed, among other things, to appoint Howard H. Berman, Ph.D. (the New Director) as a Class III director to the Board, effective immediately following the 2025 Annual Meeting (the Effective Time), with a term expiring at the Companys 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting). Pursuant to the Agreement, Dr. Berman will serve as an observer to the Board following the execution and delivery of the Agreement and until Dr. Bermans appointment to the Board. Additionally, pursuant to the Agreement, Franklin Berger will not stand for reelection to the Board as a Class I director when his term expires at the Companys 2027 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2027 Annual Meeting). 

In connection with the Agreement, the Radoff-JEC Signatories have agreed to abide by certain customary standstill restrictions and voting commitments that will remain effective from April 16, 2025 until the earlier of (i) the date that is 30 days prior to the notice deadline for stockholder nominations of director candidates for election to the Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting and (ii) the date that is 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the 2025 Annual Meeting (provided that the Company must provide sufficient notice to the Radoff-JEC Signatories in the event the Company determines to advance or delay the 2026 Annual Meeting so that the Radoff-JEC Signatories continue to have no fewer than 30 days to submit a notice of intention to nominate individuals for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting during the applicable period under the Companys bylaws) (the Restricted Period). The Agreement will terminate at the end of the Restricted Period. 

The foregoing summary of the Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 

On April 17, 2025, the Company announced that its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of March 31, 2025 were $425.4 million. 

The foregoing is estimated preliminary financial information as of March 31, 2025, which is based on the information available to the Company at this time. The Companys financial closing procedures for the first quarter 2025 are not yet complete and, as a result, actual results may vary from the estimated preliminary information presented here due to the completion of the Companys financial closing procedures. The estimated preliminary financial information has not been audited or reviewed by the Companys independent registered public accounting firm and should not be viewed as a substitute for the Companys final interim financial statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on this preliminary data. 

The information contained in Item 2.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act, except as expressly provided by specific reference in such a filing. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The information in Item 1.01 is incorporated by reference herein. 

On April 16, 2025, the Board appointed Howard H. Berman, Ph.D. as a Class III director of the Company, effective at the Effective Time. Following the execution and delivery of the Agreement and until Dr. Bermans appointment to the Board, Dr. Berman shall serve as an observer to the Board. The Board expects to appoint Dr. Berman to at least one of its standing committees, however the relevant committee(s) have not been determined as of the date of this filing. The Company will file an amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K containing any committees to which Dr. Berman is appointed in connection with his appointment to the Board within four business days after such information becomes available. 

Howard H. Berman, Ph.D., is the founder of Coya Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: COYA), a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing treatments focused on the potential therapeutic advantages of regulatory T cells, where he has served as a director since March 2020 and as Executive Chair since November 2024 and previously served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board from March 2020 to November 2024. Prior to founding Coya Therapeutics, he served as the Founder and a former board member of Imaware Inc., a private at-home health testing and diagnostics company. Previously, he has also held senior medical liaison roles at AbbVie Inc., Eli Lilly and Co. and Novartis Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Berman holds a Bachelor 

of Science in Biology from the University of Michigan and both a masters degree and Ph.D. in Neuroscience and Pharmacology from Weill Cornell Medical College. We believe Dr. Bermans extensive leadership experience at a public biotechnology company will be a valuable asset to the Board. 

Dr. Berman will be compensated consistent with the Companys Non-Employee Director Compensation Program, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024 and provides that Dr. Berman will receive an annual cash retainer of $45,000 as well as certain equity awards. Dr. Berman will receive an initial option to purchase 164,800 shares of the Companys common stock which vests in thirty-six equal monthly installments following the date of grant and Dr. Berman will be entitled to future Subsequent Awards as provided for in the Non-Employee Director Compensation Program. The Company expects to enter into the Companys standard form of indemnification agreement with Dr. Berman. 

In addition, on April 16, 2025, in connection with the Agreement, Franklin Berger informed the Board that he would retire following the end of his current term as a Class I director at the 2027 Annual Meeting. 

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On April 17, 2025, the Company announced that the Board had approved a share repurchase program (the Repurchase Program) with authorization to repurchase shares of the Companys common stock having an aggregate value of up to $25.0 million. 

Repurchases under the Repurchase Program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, with the amount and timing of repurchases to be determined at the Companys discretion, depending on market conditions and corporate needs. Open market repurchases will be structured to occur in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including within the pricing and volume requirements of Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company also intends, from time to time, to enter into Rule 10b5-1 plans to facilitate repurchases of its shares under this authorization. 

The Company expects to fund repurchases with existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. 

Also on April 17, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the changes to the Board, the Companys entry into the Agreement and the Repurchase Program. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information contained in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K (including Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly provided by specific reference in such a filing. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report on Form 8-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K include but are not limited to statements regarding future results of operations and financial position, including the anticipated appointment of Dr. Berman to the Board and any committees on which he will sit, repurchases under the Repurchase Program, the Companys cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance as of March 31, 2025, the completion of the Companys financial closing procedures and final financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. When used herein, words including expected, should, anticipated, believe. will, plans, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements or information that refer to expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, performance or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking. All forward-looking statements are based upon Ateas current expectations and various assumptions. Atea believes there is a reasonable basis for its expectations and beliefs, but they are inherently uncertain. Atea may not realize its expectations, and its beliefs may not prove correct. Actual results could differ materially from those described or implied by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, without limitation, uncertainties inherent in the drug discovery and development process and the regulatory submission or approval process, unexpected or unfavorable safety or efficacy data or results observed during clinical trials or in data readouts; delays in or disruptions to clinical trials or our business; our reliance on third parties over which we may not always have full control, our ability to manufacture sufficient commercial product, competition from approved treatments for HCV, as well as the other important factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in Ateas Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 as such factors may be updated from time to time in its other filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. These and other important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this Current Report on 

Form 8-K. Any such forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. While Atea may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, except as required by law, it disclaims any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause our views to change. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Ateas views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

10.1 Letter Agreement, by and between Atea Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Bradley L. Radoff, JEC II Associates, LLC and certain other affiliated entities and natural persons party thereto, dated April 16, 2025. 

99.1* Press Release, dated April 17, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

* 

Furnished herewith. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ATEA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Date: April 17, 2025 By: 

/s/ Andrea Corcoran

Andrea Corcoran

Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Legal and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d915073dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

Atea Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

225 Franklin Street, Suite 2100 

Boston, Massachusetts 02110 

April 16, 2025 

Bradley L. Radoff 

2727 Kirby Drive 

Unit 29L 

Houston, Texas 77098 

JEC II Associates, LLC 

68 Mazzeo Drive 

Randolph, Massachusetts 02368 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This letter (this
Agreement) constitutes an agreement by and among (a) Atea Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) and (b) Bradley L. Radoff (and together with The Radoff Family Foundation, Radoff) and
JEC II Associates, LLC (and together with The MOS Trust, MOS PTC, LLC and Michael Torok, JEC and collectively with Radoff, the Radoff/JEC Signatories). The Company and the Radoff/JEC Signatories are collectively
referred to as the Parties.The Radoff/JEC Signatories and each Affiliate (as defined below) and Associate (as defined below) of each Radoff/JEC Signatory are collectively referred to as the Radoff/JEC
Group. 

1. Board Matters. 

(a) New Director. The Companys Board of Directors (the Board) and any applicable committees of the Board shall
take all actions necessary (including increasing the size of the Board) to appoint Howard H. Berman (the New Director) to the Board, effective immediately following the Companys 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the
2025 Annual Meeting), as a Class III Director with an initial term expiring at the Companys 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting). 

(b) Board Observer. Following the execution and delivery of this Agreement and until the New Directors appointment to the Board,
Mr. Berman shall serve as an observer to the Board (in such observer capacity, the Board Observer) and shall have the right to attend and reasonably participate at all meetings of the Board and receive the same materials and
notices distributed to members of the Board until appointed to the Board; provided, however, that the Board Observer shall not (a) be deemed a member of the Board or any committee thereof, (b) have the right to vote on any
matter presented to the Board or any committee thereof, (c) be considered or be required for purposes of establishing a quorum of the Board or any committee thereof, (d) have the right to propose or offer any motions or resolutions to the
Board or any committee thereof and (e) have or be deemed to have, or otherwise be subject to, any fiduciary duties to the Company or its stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to exclude the Board Observer
from access to any material or meeting or portion thereof if, and only to the extent that, the Board, as applicable, reasonably and in good faith determines that such exclusion is necessary and appropriate to preserve legal privilege or to comply
with applicable law or stock exchange regulation. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Mr. Berman shall execute and deliver an undertaking in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Board Observer
Undertaking). 

(c) Replacement Director. During the Restricted Period (as defined below), if the New
Director is no longer able or willing to serve as a director for any reason, resigns as a director or is removed as a director, and so long as the Radoff/JEC Signatories continuously hold a Net Long Position (as defined below) in the Company and
beneficially own in the aggregate at least the lesser of (i) 3.0% of the Companys then outstanding common stock and (ii) 2,565,755 shares of common stock (subject to adjustment for stock splits, reclassifications, combinations and similar
adjustments), then the Radoff/JEC Signatories shall have the ability to recommend a substitute person(s) who is not an employee of, and who is independent from, the Radoff/JEC Signatories to replace the New Director in accordance with this paragraph
1(c) (any such replacement director, a Replacement Director) and any such candidate shall be subject to review and approval by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board (the Nominating
Committee) and the Board, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. The Nominating Committee and the Board shall make their determination within ten (10) Business Days after any such replacement director candidate submits to the
Company a fully completed copy of the Companys standard director & officer questionnaire; provided that such questionnaire shall be deemed fully completed after the successful completion of a customary background check, to be
completed by the Company not more than five (5) Business Days following the Companys receipt of such questionnaire. In the event the Nominating Committee and the Board do not accept a replacement director candidate recommended by the
Radoff/JEC Signatories as the Replacement Director (it being acknowledged that the Nominating Committee and the Board cannot unreasonably withhold their acceptance), the Radoff/JEC Signatories shall have the right to recommend additional replacement
director(s) to fill the resulting vacancy, whose appointment shall be subject to the Nominating Committee and the Board recommending such person in accordance with the procedures described above, until a Replacement Director is approved and
appointed to the Board. Upon a Replacement Directors appointment to the Board, such Replacement Director shall be deemed to be the New Director for all purposes under this Agreement. 

(d) Retiring Director. The Board, and all applicable committees of the Board, shall take all necessary actions to accept the retirement
of Franklin Berger from the Board (and from any committee of the Board) following the expiration of his term as a Class I Director, and such retirement shall be effective immediately following the Companys 2027 annual meeting of
stockholders (the 2027 Annual Meeting). The Company agrees that Mr. Berger shall not stand for election, and the Board shall not nominate him for election, to the Board at the 2027 Annual Meeting. 

(e) Committees. Subject to the Companys Corporate Governance Guidelines and NASDAQ rules and applicable law, the Board and all
applicable committees of the Board shall take all actions necessary to ensure that the New Director shall be appointed to serve on at least one standing committee of the Board following the conclusion of the 2025 Annual Meeting. Without limiting the
foregoing, the Board shall, in accordance with its customary governance processes, give the New Director the same due consideration for membership to any committee of the Board as any other independent director with similar relevant expertise and
qualifications. 

2 

2. Voting Commitment. During the Restricted Period, at each annual or special meeting
of the Companys stockholders (including any adjournments, postponements or other delays thereof) or action by written consent, the Radoff/JEC Signatories shall cause all Voting Securities (as defined below) that are beneficially owned by the
Radoff/JEC Group (of which such Person (as defined below) has the right or ability to vote as of the applicable record date for such meeting or action by written consent) to be (a) present for quorum purposes and (b) voted or consented
(i) in favor of the election of each person nominated by the Board for election as a director, (ii) against any stockholder nominations for directors that are not approved and recommended by the Board for election, (iii) against any
proposals or resolutions to remove any member of the Board and (iv) in accordance with the recommendation of the Board on all other proposals or business that may be the subject of stockholder action at such meeting or action by written
consent;provided, however, that if Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. (ISS) and Glass Lewis & Co., LLC (Glass Lewis) recommend otherwise with respect to any proposals (other
than as related to the election or removal of directors), each member of the Radoff/JEC Group shall be permitted to vote in accordance such ISS and Glass Lewis recommendations; provided, further, that each member of the Radoff/JEC
Group shall be permitted to vote in its sole discretion on any proposal with respect to an Extraordinary Transaction (as defined below). 

3. Standstill. 

(a)
Restricted Activities. During the Restricted Period, each of the Radoff/JEC Signatories agrees that it shall not, and shall cause the other members of the Radoff/JEC Group not to, in any way, directly or indirectly (in each case, except as
expressly permitted by this Agreement): 

(i) (A) purchase or otherwise acquire, or offer, seek, propose or agree to acquire, through swap
or hedging transactions or other Synthetic Position, or otherwise (the taking of any such action, an Acquisition), any ownership (including beneficial ownership as defined in Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act) of, or interest in, any securities or assets of the Company such that after giving effect to any such Acquisition, the Radoff/JEC Group holds, directly or indirectly, an aggregate beneficial ownership in excess of 6.0% of the
then outstanding Voting Securities; provided, however, to the extent the group under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act (as defined below) consisting of the Radoff/JEC Signatories is terminated, the Radoff/JEC Signatories may make
Acquisitions such that after giving effect to any such Acquisitions, the Radoff/JEC Signatories and each of their respective Affiliates has, directly or indirectly, aggregate beneficial ownership that does not exceed 6.0% of the then outstanding
Voting Securities, (B) purchase or otherwise acquire, or offer, seek, propose or agree to acquire, any interest in any indebtedness of the Company, or (C) purchase or otherwise acquire, or offer, seek, propose or agree to acquire,
ownership (including beneficial ownership) of any assets or liabilities of the Company or any right or option to acquire any such asset or liabilities from any Person, in each case in this clause (C) other than securities of the Company, and in
each case in this subparagraph (i), other than by way of stock dividends or other distributions or offerings made available to holders of Voting Securities generally on a pro rata basis or pursuant to an Extraordinary Transaction; 

3 

(ii) engage in any short sale, forward contract or any purchase, sale or grant of any
option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right or other similar right (including any put or call option or swap transaction) with respect to any security (other than a broad-based market basket or index) that includes,
relates to or derives any significant part of its value from a decline in the market price or value of the securities of the Company and would result in the Radoff/JEC Group ceasing to hold a Net Long Position in the Company; 

(iii) make any public announcement or proposal with respect to, or publicly offer or propose (A) any form of business combination or
acquisition or other transaction relating to a material amount of assets or securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (B) any form of restructuring, recapitalization, change in capital allocation or similar transaction with respect
to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (C) any form of tender or exchange offer for shares of the Companys common stock or other Voting Securities, whether or not such transaction involves a Change of Control (as defined below) of
the Company, it being understood that none of the foregoing shall prohibit any member of the Radoff/JEC Group from (1) selling or tendering its shares of the Companys common stock, and otherwise receiving consideration, pursuant to any
such transaction or (2) voting on any such transaction in its sole discretion in accordance with paragraph 2; 

(iv) engage in, or
knowingly assist in the engagement in (including engagement by use of or in coordination with a universal proxy card), any solicitation of proxies or written consents to vote any Voting Securities, or conduct, or assist in the conducting of, any
type of binding or nonbinding referendum with respect to any Voting Securities, or assist or participate in any other way, directly or indirectly, in any solicitation of proxies (or written consents) with respect to, or from the holders of, any
Voting Securities, or otherwise become a participant in a solicitation, as such terms are defined in Instruction 3 of Item 4 of Schedule 14A and Rule 14a-1 of Regulation 14A,
respectively, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and with the rules and regulations thereunder (the Exchange Act), to vote any securities of the Company (including by initiating, encouraging or participating in
any withhold or similar campaign), in each case other than in a manner that is consistent with the Boards recommendation on a matter or in connection with any matter for which the Radoff/JEC Group retains voting discretion pursuant
to, and in accordance with, paragraph 2; 

(v) initiate, propose or otherwise solicit (as such term is used in the proxy rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including any solicitations of the type contemplated by Rule 14a-2(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act) the Companys stockholders for
the approval of any stockholder proposal, whether made pursuant to Rule 14a-4 or Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, or knowingly cause or
encourage any Person to initiate or submit any such stockholder proposal; 

(vi) (A) seek, alone or in concert with others, election or
appointment to, or representation on, the Board, (B) nominate or propose the nomination of, or recommend the nomination of, or encourage any Person to nominate or propose the nomination of or recommend the nomination of, any candidate to the
Board, or (C) seek, alone or in concert with others, or encourage any Person to seek, the removal of any member of the Board, in each case other than as permitted by paragraphs 1(a), 1(c) and 1(d); 

4 

(vii) advise or knowingly encourage any Person with respect to the voting of (or execution
of a written consent in respect of) or disposition of any securities of the Company other than in a manner that is consistent with the Boards recommendation on a matter or in connection with any matter for which the Radoff/JEC Group retains
voting discretion pursuant to, and in accordance with, paragraph 2; 

(viii) other than in open market sale transactions where the
identity of the purchaser is not known, sell, transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or offer or agree to do any of the foregoing, directly or indirectly, through swap or hedging transactions or otherwise, any direct or indirect
interest in any securities of the Company, or any rights decoupled from the underlying securities held by the Radoff/JEC Signatories, to any Person not a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (a Third Party)
with a known history of activism or known plans to engage in activism with respect to the Company; 

(ix) take any action in support of,
or make any proposal or request that constitutes or would result in (A) advising, replacing or influencing any director or the management of the Company, including any plans or proposals to change the number or term of directors or to fill any
vacancies on the Board, (B) any material change in the capitalization, capital allocation policy, stock repurchase programs and practices or dividend policy of the Company, (C) any other material change in the Companys management,
business, governance or corporate structure, (D) seeking to have the Company waive or make amendments or modifications to its bylaws or certificate of incorporation, or other actions that could reasonably be expected to impede or facilitate the
acquisition of control of the Company by any Person, (E) causing a class of securities of the Company to be delisted from, or to cease to be authorized to be quoted on, any securities exchange, or (F) causing a class of securities of the
Company to become eligible for termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act (in each case except as otherwise permitted by paragraphs 1(a), 1(c), 1(d) and 2); 

(x) communicate with stockholders of the Company or others pursuant to Rule 14a-1(l)(2)(iv)
under the Exchange Act (other than in connection with an Extraordinary Transaction); 

(xi) call or seek to call, or request the call of,
alone or in concert with others, any meeting of stockholders, whether or not such a meeting is permitted by the bylaws, including a town hall meeting; 

(xii) deposit any shares of the Companys common stock or other Voting Securities in any voting trust or subject any shares of the
Companys common stock or other Voting Securities to any arrangement or agreement with respect to the voting of any shares of the Companys common stock or Voting Securities (other than (A) any such voting trust, agreement, or
arrangement solely among the Radoff/JEC Signatories and their Affiliates and Associates, (B) customary brokerage accounts, margin accounts, prime brokerage accounts and the like, and (C) otherwise in accordance with this Agreement); 

5 

(xiii) submit or seek, or knowingly encourage or advise any Person to submit or seek,
nominations or proposals in furtherance of the election or removal of directors with respect to the Company, or take any other action, or knowingly encourage or advise any Person, with respect to the election, appointment or removal of any
directors, in each case other than as permitted by paragraphs 1(a), 1(c) and 1(d); 

(xiv) form, join or in any other way participate in
any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) with respect to any Voting Security (other than a group that consists solely of Persons disclosed in the Schedule 13D filed by, among others, the Radoff/JEC
Signatories with respect to the Company on March 21, 2025); provided, however,that nothing herein shall limit the ability of an Affiliate of the Radoff/JEC Signatories to join or in any way participate in the
group currently in existence as of the execution date of this Agreement and comprising the Radoff/JEC Signatories following the execution of this Agreement, so long as any such Affiliate agrees to be subject to, and bound by, the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and, if required under the Exchange Act, files a Schedule 13D or an amendment thereof, as applicable, within two (2) Business Days after disclosing that the Radoff/JEC Signatories have formed a group with
such Affiliate; 

(xv) demand a copy of the Companys list of stockholders or its other books and records or make any request
pursuant to Rule 14a-7 under the Exchange Act or under any statutory or regulatory provisions of Delaware providing for stockholder access to books and records (including lists of stockholders) of the Company
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any stockholder demand pursuant to Section 220 under the Delaware General Corporation Law); 

(xvi) make any request or submit any proposal to amend or waive the terms of this paragraph 3, other than through non-public communications with the Company that would not be reasonably likely to trigger public disclosure obligations for any Party; or 

(xvii) enter into any discussions, negotiations, agreements, arrangements or understandings with any Person with respect to any action that
the Radoff/JEC Signatories are prohibited from taking pursuant to this paragraph 3, or advise, assist, knowingly encourage or seek to persuade any Person to take any action or make any statement with respect to any such action, or otherwise take or
cause any action or make any statement inconsistent with any of the foregoing. 

(b) Permitted Activities. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, including paragraph 3(a), the members of the Radoff/JEC Group shall not be prohibited or restricted from (i) communicating privately with members of the Board or officers of the Company regarding any matter in
a manner consistent with communications that may be reasonably made by all stockholders of the Company, so long as such communications are not intended to lead to, and would not reasonably be expected to require, any public disclosure of such
communications by any Party; (ii) taking any action necessary to comply with any law, rule or regulation or any action required by any governmental or regulatory authority or stock exchange that has, or may have, jurisdiction over any member of
the Radoff/JEC Group, but only so long as a breach by any member of the Radoff/JEC Group of this Agreement is not the cause of the applicable requirement; (iii) communicating with stockholders of the Company and others in a manner that does not
otherwise violate this Agreement; (iv) exchanging, tendering or otherwise participating in any tender or exchange offer or Company stock repurchase program with respect to the Companys common stock, whether or not such transaction
constitutes an Extraordinary Transaction, on the same basis as the other stockholders of the Company; or (v) commencing on the date that is sixty (60) days prior to the deadline for the submission of stockholder nominations

6 

of directors and business proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting, taking actions in furtherance of identifying director candidates in connection with the 2026 Annual Meeting so long as such
actions do not create a public disclosure obligation for the members of the Radoff/JEC Group or the Company and are undertaken on a basis reasonably designed to be confidential and in accordance in all material respects with the members of the
Radoff/JEC Groups normal practices in the circumstances. Furthermore, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to restrict in any way the New Director in the exercise of his fiduciary duties under applicable law as
a director of the Company. 

(c) Stockholder Access to the Company. The Radoff/JEC Signatories and the Company acknowledge that,
other than as restricted by the terms in this Agreement or applicable law, the Radoff/JEC Signatories shall conduct themselves as, and be treated as, any other stockholder, with similar stockholder rights and access to management and the Board. The
Radoff/JEC Signatories shall not have or claim any information rights beyond those afforded to all other stockholders and acknowledge the Companys securities disclosure obligations, including under Regulation FD. 

(d) Information Regarding Ownership of Company Securities. During the Restricted Period, the Radoff/JEC Signatories agree to notify the
Company of their beneficial ownership of the Companys common stock (a) within five (5) Business Days of a written request from the Company if the Radoff/JEC Group is no longer required under the Exchange Act to report such beneficial
ownership on a Schedule 13D or an amendment thereof and (b) at the time (if any) they seek to exercise their rights with respect to a Replacement Director in accordance with paragraph 1(c). The information provided to the Company by the
Radoff/JEC Signatories in accordance with this paragraph 3(d) shall be kept strictly confidential by the Company unless required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange. 

4. Mutual Non-Disparagement. 

(a) With Respect to Radoff/JEC Group. During the Restricted Period, the Company shall not, and shall cause its directors, officers and
employees not to, make or cause to be made any public statement, announcement or communication that disparages, defames, calls into disrepute, slanders, impugns, casts in a negative light or otherwise damages or is reasonably likely to damage the
reputation of any member of the Radoff/JEC Group or any of their respective Affiliates, Associates, subsidiaries, successors or assigns, or any of its or their respective current or former officers, directors or employees (in each case, in their
capacities as such), or any of its or their respective businesses, products or services. 

(b) With Respect to the Company. During
the Restricted Period, the Radoff/JEC Signatories shall not, and shall cause the other members of the Radoff/JEC Group and its and their directors, officers and employees not to, make or cause to be made any public statement, announcement or
communication that disparages, defames, calls into disrepute, slanders, impugns, casts in a negative light or otherwise damages or is reasonably likely to damage the reputation of the Company or any of its Affiliates, Associates, subsidiaries,
successors or assigns, or any of its or their respective current or former officers, directors or employees (in each case, in their capacities as such), or any of its or their respective businesses, products or services. 

7 

(c) Exceptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph 4 shall not restrict
the ability of any Person to (i) comply with any subpoena or other legal process or respond to a request for information from any governmental authority with jurisdiction over such Person, (ii) enforce such Persons rights pursuant to
this Agreement or (iii) publicly respond to a statement made in violation of paragraph 4(a) or paragraph 4(b), as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph 4 shall not apply to any private communications (I) among the members
of the Radoff/JEC Group and any of their respective Affiliates, Associates, subsidiaries, successors or assigns, or any of its or their respective current or former officers, directors or employees, (II) among the Company and any of its
Affiliates, Associates, subsidiaries, successors or assigns, or any of its or their respective current or former officers, directors or employees, or (III) between any of the Persons listed in clause (I) on the one hand and clause
(II) on the other hand. 

5. Withdrawal of Nominations and Demands. The Radoff/JEC Group agrees that automatically and without
any additional action by any Party, upon the execution of this Agreement by all of the Parties, (i) Bradley L. Radoff shall be deemed to have irrevocably withdrawn his nomination of candidates for election as directors of the Company (the
Radoff Nomination) set forth in his letter to the Company dated March 20, 2025, and (ii) the Radoff/JEC Signatories agree to abstain from directly or indirectly taking any further action to pursue the Radoff Nomination
or other action related to the 2025 Annual Meeting (other than in accordance with this Agreement). Each Radoff/JEC Signatory hereby further irrevocably withdraws and terminates all requests for stockholder list materials and other books and records
of the Company pursuant to statutory or regulatory provisions providing for stockholder access to books and records, including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 220 under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

6. Compliance with this Agreement. The Radoff/JEC Signatories shall cause the other members of the Radoff/JEC Group to comply with the
terms of this Agreement and shall be responsible for any breach of the terms of this Agreement by any member of the Radoff/JEC Group (even if such member of the Radoff/JEC Group is not a party to this Agreement). 

7. Expenses. Within five (5) Business Days of receipt of reasonable documentation, the Company shall reimburse the Radoff/JEC
Group for the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including legal fees and expenses) incurred by the Radoff/JEC Group in connection with its nomination of
director candidates, the 2025 Annual Meeting, the negotiation and execution of this Agreement, and related matters in an aggregate amount not to exceed $350,000. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, all fees, costs and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement will be paid by the Person incurring such fee, cost or expense. 

8. Public Disclosure. 

(a) Press Release. No later than 9:00 a.m., Eastern time, on April 17, 2025, the Company shall issue a press release in the form
attached as Exhibit B (the Press Release). Neither the Company nor any member of the Radoff/JEC Group shall make any public statements, or make any statements on the record or on background with the
press, media or any analysts, with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement (or in any other filing with the SEC, any other regulatory or governmental agency, any stock exchange or in any materials that would reasonably be expected to be
filed with the SEC) that are inconsistent with, or otherwise contrary to, the 

8 

statements in the Press Release or the terms of this Agreement. Prior to the issuance of the Press Release, neither the Company nor any member of the Radoff/JEC Group shall issue any press
release or public announcement regarding this Agreement or take any action that would require public disclosure of this Agreement. 

(b)
Form 8-K. The Company shall promptly prepare and file (but not before the issuance of the Press Release) with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (the
Form 8-K) reporting the entry into this Agreement. All disclosure in the Form 8-K shall be consistent with this Agreement. The Company shall provide the Radoff/JEC Signatories and
their counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Form 8-K prior to filing, and shall consider in good faith any changes proposed by the Radoff/JEC Signatories or their counsel. 

(c) Schedule 13D. The Radoff/JEC Signatories shall promptly prepare and file (but not before the issuance of the
Press Release) with the SEC an amendment to their Schedule 13D (such amendment, the Amended Schedule 13D) reporting the entry into this Agreement. All disclosure in the Amended Schedule 13D shall be
consistent with this Agreement. The Radoff/JEC Signatories shall provide the Company and its counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Amended Schedule 13D prior to filing, and shall consider in good faith any changes
proposed by the Company or its counsel. 

9. No Litigation. During the Restricted Period, each Party hereby covenants and agrees
that it shall not, and shall not permit any of its respective agents, subsidiaries, Affiliates, officers or directors to, directly or indirectly, alone or in concert with others, institute, solicit, assist or join, or encourage, pursue or assist any
other person to institute, solicit, assist or join, as a party, any litigation, arbitration or other proceeding against or involving the other Party, any Affiliate of the other Party, or any of its or their respective current or former officers,
directors or employees (in each case, in their capacities as such), except for (i) any action to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, (ii) any counterclaims with respect to any proceeding initiated by, or on behalf of one Party or its
Affiliates against the other Party or its Affiliates in violation of this Agreement, (iii) bringing bona fide commercial disputes that do not relate to the subject matter of this Agreement or (iv) responding to or complying with validly
issued legal process. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this paragraph 9 shall not prohibit the Radoff/JEC Signatories from exercising statutory appraisal rights, if any, with respect to the Company. 

10. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 

(a) Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the
Exchange Act and includes Persons who become Affiliates of any Person after the date of this Agreement. The term Affiliate shall not include any publicly traded portfolio company of any member of the Radoff/JEC Group. For purposes
of this Agreement, no member of the Radoff/JEC Group shall be deemed an Affiliate of the Company and the Company shall not be deemed an Affiliate of any member of the Radoff/JEC Group. 

(b) Associate has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the
Exchange Act and includes Persons who become Associates of any Person after the date of this Agreement, but excludes any Person not controlled by or under common control with the related Person. 

9 

(c) beneficially own, beneficially owned and
beneficial owners has the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

(d) Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is
closed. 

(e) Change of Control shall be deemed to have taken place if (i) any Person is or becomes a beneficial
owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 percent of the equity interests and voting power of the Companys then-outstanding equity securities; or (ii) the Company enters into a stock-for-stock transaction (or one or more related transactions) whereby immediately after the consummation of the transactions the Companys stockholders retain,
directly or indirectly, less than 50 percent of the equity interests and voting power of the surviving entitys then-outstanding equity securities. 

(f) Extraordinary Transaction means any equity tender offer, equity exchange offer, merger, acquisition, joint venture,
business combination, financing, recapitalization, reorganization, restructuring, disposition, distribution, or other transaction with a Third Party that, in each case, would result in a Change of Control of the Company, including any liquidation,
dissolution or other extraordinary transaction involving a majority of its equity securities or all or substantially all of its assets (determined on a consolidated basis), and, for the avoidance of doubt, including any such transaction with a Third
Party that is submitted for a vote of the Companys stockholders. 

(g) Net Long Position has the meaning set forth
in Rule 14e-4 under the Exchange Act. 

(h) Person shall be interpreted broadly
to include, among others, any individual, general or limited partnership, corporation, limited liability or unlimited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, group, association or other entity of any kind or structure. 

(i) Restricted Period means the period from the date of this Agreement until the earlier to occur of (i) thirty (30)
days prior to the deadline for the submission of stockholder nominations of directors and business proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting or (ii) one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the first anniversary of the 2025 Annual Meeting, it
being understood that the Company shall be required to give sufficient advance notice to the Radoff/JEC Signatories in the event the Company determines to advance or delay the 2026 Annual Meeting, so that the Radoff/JEC Signatories will continue to
have no less than thirty (30) days to nominate at such meeting. 

(j) Synthetic Position shall mean any derivative,
swap or other transaction or series of transactions engaged in, directly or indirectly, by such person, the purpose or effect of which is to give such person economic risk similar to ownership of equity securities of any class or series of the
Company, including due to the fact that the value of such derivative, swap or other transactions are determined by reference to the price, value or volatility of any shares of any class or series of the Companys equity securities, or which
derivative, swap or other transactions 

10 

provide the opportunity to profit from any increase in the price or value of shares of any class or series of the Companys equity securities, without regard to whether: (i) the
derivative, swap or other transactions convey any voting rights in such equity securities to such person; (ii) the derivative, swap or other transactions are required to be, or are capable of being, settled through delivery of such equity
securities; or (iii) such person may have entered into other transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such derivative, swap or other transactions. 

(k) Voting Securities means the shares of the Companys capital stock and any other securities of the Company entitled
to vote in the election of directors, or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, such shares or other securities, whether or not subject to the passage of time or other contingencies. 

11. Interpretations. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by
the words without limitation. Unless the context requires otherwise, or is not exclusive. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms. Any agreement,
instrument, law, rule or statute defined or referred to in this Agreement means, unless otherwise indicated, such agreement, instrument, law, rule or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented. The measure of a period of one
month or year for purposes of this Agreement shall be the day of the following month or year corresponding to the starting date. If no corresponding date exists, then the end date of such period being measured shall be the next actual day of the
following month or year (for example, one month following February 18 is March 18 and one month following March 31 is May 1). 

12. Representations of the Radoff/JEC Signatories. Each of the Radoff/JEC Signatories, severally and not jointly, represents that
(a) its authorized signatory set forth on the signature page of this Agreement has the power and authority to execute this Agreement and any other documents or agreements to be entered into in connection with this Agreement and to bind such
Person; (b) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and is a valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles; (c) this Agreement does not and shall not violate any
law, any order of any court or other agency of government, its organizational documents or any provision of any agreement or other instrument to which it or any of its properties or assets is bound, or conflict with, result in a material breach of
or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any such agreement or other instrument to which any member of the Radoff/JEC Group is bound, or result in the creation or imposition of, or give rise to, any material lien,
charge, restriction, claim, encumbrance or adverse penalty of any nature whatsoever; (d) except as otherwise disclosed to the Company, it has not, and no member of the Radoff/JEC Group has, directly or indirectly, compensated or entered into
any agreement, arrangement or understanding to compensate any person for his or her service as a director of the Company with any cash, securities (including any rights or options convertible into or exercisable for or exchangeable into securities
or any profit sharing agreement or arrangement) or other form of compensation directly or indirectly related to the Company or its securities; and (e) except as otherwise disclosed to the Company, as of the date of this Agreement, the
Radoff/JEC Signatories (i) are the beneficial owners of an aggregate of 4,880,100 shares of the Companys common stock, (ii) have voting authority over such shares, and (iii) own no other equity or equity-related interest in the
Company. 

11 

13. Representations of Company. The Company represents that: (a) its authorized
signatory set forth on the signature page to this Agreement has the power and authority to execute this Agreement and any other documents or agreements to be entered into in connection with this Agreement and to bind the Company; (b) this
Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and is a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles; (c) this Agreement does not require the approval of the stockholders
of the Company; (d) this Agreement does not and shall not violate any law, any order of any court or other agency of government, the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws, each as amended from time to time, or any provision of
any agreement or other instrument to which the Company or any of its properties or assets is bound, or conflict with, result in a material breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any such agreement or other
instrument to which the Company is bound, or result in the creation or imposition of, or give rise to, any material lien, charge, restriction, claim, encumbrance or adverse penalty of any nature whatsoever; and (e) it has authorized and intends
to promptly begin executing upon a share repurchase program in accordance with the terms set forth in the Press Release. The Company has not taken any actions with respect to any matters related to this Agreement that require disclosure on a Current
Report on Form 8-K prior to the date of this Agreement that have not previously been disclosed. 

14. Company Policies. The Parties acknowledge that the New Director, upon appointment to the Board, shall be governed by the same
policies, processes, procedures, codes, rules, standards and guidelines applicable to non-employee directors of the Board, as in effect from time to time, including, without limitation, the Companys
Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and policies regarding public disclosure and confidentiality, conflicts of interest, related person transactions, fiduciary duties, codes of conduct, stock ownership, hedging and
pledging of Company securities, trading, director resignation, and other governance guidelines and policies of the Company, and shall have the same rights and benefits, including with respect to insurance, indemnification, books and records,
compensation and fees, as are applicable to all non-employee directors of the Company. 

15.
Specific Performance; Fees. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach (or threatened breach) of this Agreement by it and that, in the event of any breach or threatened breach of this
Agreement: (i) the Party seeking specific performance shall be entitled to seek injunctive and other equitable relief, without proof of actual damages; (ii) the Party against whom specific performance is sought shall not plead in defense
that there would be an adequate remedy at law; and (iii) the Party against whom specific performance is sought agrees to waive any applicable right or requirement that a bond be posted. Such remedies shall not be the exclusive remedies for a
breach of this Agreement and shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity. If a Party institutes any legal suit, action, or proceeding against the other Party to enforce this Agreement (or obtain any other remedy
regarding any breach of this Agreement) or arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including contract, equity, tort, fraud, and statutory claims, the prevailing Party in the suit, action, or 

12 

proceeding is entitled to receive, and the non-prevailing Party shall pay, in addition to all other remedies to which the prevailing Party may be entitled,
the costs and expenses incurred by the prevailing Party in conducting the suit, action, or proceeding, including actual attorneys fees and expenses, even if not recoverable by law. 

16. Entire Agreement; Binding Nature; Assignment; Waiver. This Agreement constitutes the only agreement between the Parties with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and it supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written. This Agreement binds, and shall inure to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. No Party may assign or otherwise transfer either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written approval of the other Party. Any purported transfer
requiring consent without such consent is void. No amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the affected Party, and then only in the specific instance
and for the specific purpose stated in such writing. Any waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other
provision of this Agreement. The failure of a Party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that Party of the right to insist upon strict adherence to that
term or any other term of this Agreement in the future. 

17. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or
unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement that is held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree shall remain in
full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable, and this Agreement shall otherwise be construed so as to effectuate the original intention of the Parties reflected in this Agreement. The Parties further agree to replace such
invalid or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision that shall achieve, to the extent possible, the purposes of such invalid or unenforceable provision. 

18. Governing Law; Forum. This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.
Each of the Parties: (a) irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and any appellate court thereof (unless the federal courts have exclusive
jurisdiction over the matter, in which case the United States District Court for the District of Delaware and any appellate court thereof shall have exclusive personal jurisdiction); (b) agrees that it shall not challenge such personal jurisdiction
by motion or other request for leave from any such court; (c) agrees that it shall not bring any action relating to this Agreement or otherwise in any court other than the such courts; and (d) waives any claim of improper venue or any
claim that those courts are an inconvenient forum. The Parties agree that mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in paragraph 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by
applicable law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. 

13 

19. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES, AFTER CONSULTING OR HAVING HAD THE
OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL, KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, DEALING, STATEMENTS
(WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS OF ANY OF THEM. No Party shall seek to consolidate, by counterclaim or otherwise, any action in which a jury trial has been waived with any other action in which a jury trial cannot be or has not been waived.

20. Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the Parties and is not enforceable by any other Person.

21. Notices. All notices and other communications under this Agreement must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
delivered and received (a) four (4) Business Days after being sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; (b) one (1) Business Day after being sent for next Business Day delivery, fees prepaid, via a
reputable nationwide overnight courier service; (c) immediately upon delivery by hand; or (d) on the date sent by email (except that notice given by email shall not be effective unless either (i) a duplicate copy of such email notice
is promptly given by one of the other methods described in this paragraph 21 or (ii) the receiving Party delivers a written confirmation of receipt of such notice either by email or any other method described in this paragraph 21 (excluding
out of office or other automated replies)). The addresses for such communications are as follows. At any time, any Party may, by notice given to the other Parties in accordance with this paragraph 21, provide updated information for
notices pursuant to this Agreement. 

If to the Company: 

Atea Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

225
Franklin Street, Suite 2100 

Boston, Massachusetts 02110 

Attn: Andrea Corcoran, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Legal and Secretary 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Latham & Watkins LLP 

330 North Wabash Avenue, Suite 2800 

Chicago, IL 60611 

Attn:
Christopher R. Drewry 

Email: [Redacted] 

If to the Radoff/JEC Signatories: 

Bradley L. Radoff 

[Redacted]

Email: [Redacted] 

-and-

14 

JEC II Associates, LLC 

[Redacted] 

Email:
[Redacted] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP 

1325
Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10019 

Attn: Ryan Nebel 

Email: [Redacted] 

22. Representation by Counsel. Each of the Parties acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel of its choice throughout all
negotiations that have preceded the execution of this Agreement, and that it has executed this Agreement with the advice of such counsel. Each Party and its counsel cooperated and participated in the drafting and preparation of this Agreement, and
any and all drafts of this Agreement exchanged among the Parties shall be deemed the work product of all of the Parties and may not be construed against any Party by reason of its drafting or preparation. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal
decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against any Party that drafted or prepared it is of no application and is expressly waived by each of the Parties, and any controversy over interpretations of this
Agreement shall be decided without regard to events of drafting or preparation. 

23. Counterparts. This Agreement and any
amendments to this Agreement may be executed in one or more textually identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the
Parties and delivered to the other Parties, it being understood that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by fax or .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpg or similar attachment to electronic mail or by an
electronic signature service (any such delivery, an Electronic Delivery), shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were
the original signed version thereof delivered in person. No Party may raise the use of an Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature, or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of an
Electronic Delivery, as a defense to the formation of a contract, and each Party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent that such defense relates to lack of authenticity. 

24. Headings. The headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience of reference purposes only and shall not affect or be deemed
to affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or provision of this Agreement. 

25. No Joint
Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all representations, warranties, covenants, liabilities and obligations under this Agreement are several, and not joint, except among the members of Radoff
collectively as a Party to this Agreement and among the members of JEC collectively as a Party to this Agreement, and neither Radoff nor JEC will be liable for any breach, default, liability or other obligation of such other Party. 

15 

26. Termination. Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by each Party, this
Agreement shall terminate upon the expiration of the Restricted Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, paragraph 1(d), the first sentence of paragraph 5, paragraph 7, paragraph 10, paragraph 11 and paragraphs 15 through 26 shall survive the
termination of this Agreement. No termination of this Agreement shall relieve any Party from liability for any breach of this Agreement prior to such termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Companys
obligations under paragraph 1 shall immediately terminate upon any member of the Radoff/JEC Group breaching this Agreement and such breach not being cured (if capable of being cured) within ten (10) Business Days after receipt by the Radoff/JEC
Signatories from the Company of written notice specifying the breach. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Radoff/JEC Groups obligations under paragraph 3 shall immediately terminate upon the Company breaching this
Agreement and such breach not being cured (if capable of being cured) within ten (10) Business Days after receipt by the Company from the Radoff/JEC Signatories of written notice specifying the breach. 

[Signature pages follow.] 

16 

Very truly yours,

ATEA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: /s/ Jean-Pierre Sommadossi

Name: Jean-Pierre Sommadossi, Ph.D.

Title: Founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Letter Agreement] 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED as of the date written above:

THE RADOFF FAMILY FOUNDATION

By: /s/ Bradley L. Radoff

Name: Bradley L. Radoff

Title: Director

BRADLEY L. RADOFF

/s/ Bradley L. Radoff

Bradley L. Radoff

JEC II ASSOCIATES, LLC

By: /s/ Michael Torok

Name: Michael Torok

Title: Manager

THE MOS TRUST

By: /s/ Michael Torok

Name: Michael Torok

Title: Manager of MOS PTC, LLC, its Trustee

MOS PTC, LLC

By: /s/ Michael Torok

Name: Michael Torok

Title: Manager

MICHAEL TOROK

/s/ Michael Torok

Michael Torok

[Signature Page to
Letter Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

Board Observer Undertaking 

EXHIBIT B 

Form of Press Release
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d915073dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Atea Pharmaceuticals Appoints Howard H. Berman to Board of Directors and 

Announces Share Repurchase Program 

Enters into Agreement with Bradley L. Radoff and Michael Torok 

BOSTON April 17, 2025 Atea Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: AVIR) (Atea or Company), a
clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery and development of oral antiviral therapeutics for serious viral diseases, today announced the appointment of Howard H. Berman, Ph.D. to its Board of Directors (the
Board). Dr. Berman will serve as a non-voting observer to the Board through Ateas 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders when he will join the Board as a full voting member. 

We are pleased to welcome Howard Berman to the Atea Board, said Jean-Pierre Sommadossi, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer and Founder of Atea.
We look forward to benefitting from Dr. Bermans industry experience and insights as we advance our global Phase 3 program evaluating the regimen of bemnifosbuvir and ruzasvir for the treatment of hepatitis C virus (HCV) and our
efforts to deliver value to Ateas shareholders. 

Ateas de-risked Phase 3 program with its
potential best-in-class profile for the treatment of HCV has the potential to disrupt a multi-billion global market, said Dr. Berman. I look forward to
joining the Board and working with my fellow directors on behalf of all Ateas shareholders. 

The Company is adding Dr. Berman to the
Board as part of its entry into an agreement (the Agreement) with Bradley L. Radoff and Michael Torok (together with certain of their affiliates, the Radoff-JEC Group). In connection with the Agreement, the Radoff-JEC Group
has withdrawn its slate of nominated director candidates and has agreed to vote all of the shares it collectively owns in favor of each of Ateas Board nominees at the 2025 Annual Meeting. 

We invested in Atea because it has a real opportunity to create significant value for its shareholders, said Bradley L. Radoff and Michael Torok.
We appreciate the productive engagement we have had with the Company, and we look forward to the contributions Dr. Berman will make to the Board. 

The Company also announced that Franklin Berger has informed the Company of his intention not to stand for reelection at Ateas 2027 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders. 

The Agreement with the Radoff-JEC Group, which includes certain customary standstill, voting and other provisions, will be filed by the
Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Share Repurchase Program and Strategic Alternatives Process 

Atea also today announced that its Board has authorized, and will promptly begin executing upon, the repurchase of up to $25 million of the Companys
common stock. This authorization reflects the Companys commitment to return capital to shareholders, while maintaining the flexibility needed to continue funding its global Phase 3 HCV program and positioning Atea for long-term success. 

As previously announced on December 16, 2024, Atea engaged Evercore, a global independent investment bank, to identify potential opportunities to enhance
shareholder value. The process includes a review of a broad range of strategic alternatives, including strategic partnerships, acquisition, merger, or other business combination, sale of assets or other strategic transactions. The process is
ongoing, and the Company continues to evaluate all options to maximize shareholder value. There is no assurance that the process will result in the completion of any specific transaction or outcome. The Company does not intend to comment further
with respect to this review unless or until its Board has approved a definitive course of action, the review process has concluded, or it is determined that other disclosure is appropriate. 

Evercore is serving as Ateas financial advisor and Latham & Watkins LLP is serving as legal counsel. Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP is serving as
legal counsel to the Radoff-JEC Group. 

About Howard H. Berman, Ph.D. 

Howard H. Berman, Ph.D., is the Founder, Executive Chairman and former CEO of Coya Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ: COYA), a clinical-stage biotechnology company
developing treatments focused on the potential therapeutic advantages of regulatory T cells. Prior to founding Coya Therapeutics in 2020, he served as the Founder and former board member of Imaware Inc., a private
at-home health testing and diagnostics company. Previously, he has held senior medical liaison roles at AbbVie Inc., Eli Lilly and Co., and Novartis Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Berman holds a Bachelor of Science
in Biology from the University of Michigan and both a masters degree and Ph.D. in Neuroscience and Pharmacology from Weill Cornell Medical College. 

About Atea Pharmaceuticals 

Atea is a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing oral antiviral therapies to address the unmet medical needs of patients with serious viral infections. Leveraging Ateas deep understanding of antiviral drug
development, nucleos(t)ide chemistry, biology, biochemistry and virology, Atea has built a proprietary nucleos(t)ide prodrug platform to develop novel product candidates to treat ssRNA viruses, which are a prevalent cause of serious viral diseases.
Atea plans to continue to build its pipeline of antiviral product candidates by augmenting its nucleos(t)ide platform with other classes of antivirals that may be used in combination with its nucleos(t)ide product candidates. Our lead program and
current focus is on the development of the regimen of bemnifosbuvir, a nucleotide analog polymerase inhibitor, and ruzasvir, an NS5A inhibitor, to treat hepatitis C virus. For more information, please visit www.ateapharma.com. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements in this press release include but are not limited to statements regarding Ateas Phase 3 clinical trial; Ateas strategy and prospects; withdrawal of the Radoff-JEC Groups director nominees; Ateas share repurchase
program; and Ateas strategic alternatives process. When used herein, words including expected, should, anticipated, believe. will, plans, and similar expressions are
intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements or information that refer to expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, performance or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any
underlying assumptions, are forward-looking. All forward-looking statements are based upon Ateas current expectations and various assumptions. Atea believes there is a reasonable basis for its expectations and beliefs, but they are inherently
uncertain. Atea may not realize its expectations, and its beliefs may not prove correct. Actual results could differ materially from those described or implied by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including,
without limitation, repurchases of our common stock may not be conducted in the manner the Company expects; uncertainties inherent in the drug discovery and development process and the regulatory submission or approval process, unexpected or
unfavorable safety or efficacy data or results observed during clinical trials or in data readouts; delays in or disruptions to clinical trials or our business; our reliance on third parties over which we may not always have full control, our
ability to manufacture sufficient commercial product, competition from approved treatments for HCV, as well as the other important factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in Ateas Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 as such factors may be updated from time to time in its other filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. These and other
important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this press release. Any such forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of the date of this
press release. While Atea may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, except as required by law, it disclaims any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause our views to change. These forward-looking
statements should not be relied upon as representing Ateas views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. 

Contacts 

Jonae Barnes 

SVP, Investor Relations and Corporate
Communications 

617-818-2985

barnes.jonae@ateapharma.com

Nick Lamplough / Jack
Kelleher / Dylan OKeefe 

Collected Strategies 

Atea-cs@collectedstrategies.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>avir-20250416.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>avir-20250416_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>avir-20250416_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g915073g0417062538440.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001593899

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 16, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Atea Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39661

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-0574869

Entity Address, Address Line One 225 Franklin Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2100

Entity Address, City or Town Boston

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02110

City Area Code (857)

Local Phone Number 284-8891

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol AVIR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.ateapharma.com//20250416/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

avir-20250416.xsd 
avir-20250416_lab.xml 
avir-20250416_pre.xml 
d915073d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-083523-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d915073d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001593899 

2025-04-16 
2025-04-16 

false 
0001593899 
8-K 
2025-04-16 
Atea Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
DE 
001-39661 
46-0574869 
225 Franklin Street 
Suite 2100 
Boston 
MA 
02110 
(857) 
284-8891 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
AVIR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>