<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-003119.txt : 20250207
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-003119.hdr.sgml : 20250207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250207110516
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-003119
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250203
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEL FUSE INC /NJ
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000729580
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COILS, TRANSFORMERS & OTHER INDUCTORS [3677]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				221463699
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11676
		FILM NUMBER:		25600016

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			WEST ORANGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2014320463

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 EXECUTIVE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			WEST ORANGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07052
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>belfb20250128_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?belfb20250128_8k.htm

false000072958000007295802025-02-032025-02-030000729580belfb:ClassACommonStock010ParValueCustomMember2025-02-032025-02-030000729580belfb:ClassBCommonStock010ParValueCustomMember2025-02-032025-02-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 3, 2025

BEL FUSE INC /NJ

BEL FUSE INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

New Jersey 

0-11676 

22-1463699

(State of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

300 Executive Drive, Suite 300, West Orange, New Jersey 

07052

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (201) 432-0463

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of Exchange on Which Registered

Class A Common Stock ($0.10 par value) 

BELFA 

Nasdaq Global Select Market

Class B Common Stock ($0.10 par value) 

BELFB 

Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02.Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

(b) President and Chief Executive Officer Transition

On February 3, 2025, Daniel Bernstein (Mr. Bernstein) notified the Board of Directors (the Board) of Bel Fuse Inc. (Bel or the Company) of his intention to step down from his positions as President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company, effective immediately following the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, currently scheduled to be held May 27, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Meeting). Following his stepping down as CEO and President, Mr. Bernstein will continue to serve on the Board and is expected to be nominated by the Board for reelection as a director for an additional three-year term at the 2025 Annual Meeting in accordance with the Company's Amended and Restated By-Laws (the By-Laws). Subject to Mr. Bernsteins reelection at the 2025 Annual Meeting, the Board has approved his appointment as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board, effective on the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting, pursuant to the terms of the Board Services Agreement as defined and described below.

The third paragraph appearing under Item 5.02(c) and (d) below, is incorporated into this Item 5.02(b) by reference.

(c) and (d) Appointment of Successor President and Chief Executive Officer; Election of New Director

On February 3, 2025, the Board appointed Farouq Tuweiq (Mr. Tuweiq) as the successor President and CEO of the Company, effective immediately following the 2025 Annual Meeting. As contemplated by the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Tuweiq as further described below, on February 3, 2025 and in accordance with the By-Laws, the Board additionally approved the expansion of the Board to ten directors and the appointment of Mr. Tuweiq as a director on the Board in the class of directors whose terms expire at the 2025 Annual Meeting, with such expansion and appointment to be effective as of the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting. Mr. Tuweiq is expected to be nominated by the Board for election as a director for a full three-year term at the 2025 Annual Meeting in accordance with the By-Laws. As of the filing date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, it is not currently expected that Mr. Tuweiq will be appointed to any committees of the Board.

Mr. Tuweiq, 42, has served as the Companys Chief Financial Officer (CFO) since February 15, 2021. Since July 29, 2021, Mr. Tuweiq has additionally served as the Companys principal financial officer (PFO) for purposes of the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and as the Companys Treasurer. Prior to joining Bel, he worked at BMO Capital Markets, member of BMO Financial Group, where he led and helped build the Industrial Technology Investment Banking practice. Mr. Tuweiq spent his banking career advising public, private equity-backed, and privately-held companies on Mergers & Acquisitions and capital raising. Previously, Mr. Tuweiq worked at Schneider Electric, a public multinational energy efficiency and automation provider, in its North American headquarters within the FP&A group. Prior to that, he worked at Ernst and Young, within the audit group, serving public and private manufacturing and financial companies. During his tenure, he worked on various audits, review of SEC filings, IPO preparation, implementation and testing of Sarbanes-Oxley compliance and controls, and carve-out financials while obtaining his CPA certification. Mr. Tuweiq earned his B.A. in Finance and MS in Accounting from Michigan State University and his MBA at Georgetown University, McDonough School of Business.

In light of Mr. Tuweiqs upcoming elevation to the President and CEO role, it is anticipated that Mr. Tuweiq will vacate his current role as CFO / PFO concurrently with his assumption of the CEO role effective immediately following the 2025 Annual Meeting, with the Board having initiated a search process to identify a successor CFO / PFO for the Company.

CEO Employment Agreement

In connection with Mr. Tuweiqs appointment as President and CEO, Mr. Tuweiq and the Company have entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement), dated February 3, 2025 (the Agreement Date), which outlines the terms of Mr. Tuweiqs employment as President and CEO of Bel, effective immediately following the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Employment Agreement provides for an initial term of three (3) years which will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless terminated in accordance with its terms or either party provides notice of non-renewal at least one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days before the expiration of the then-current term. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, Mr. Tuweiq shall also serve as CEO of each of the Companys subsidiaries. The Employment Agreement also provides that during the employment term, the Board shall nominate Mr. Tuweiq for appointment to the Board, and recommend to the Companys shareholders, the appointment and reappointment of Mr. Tuweiq to the Board upon each successive conclusion of his term of service as a member of the Board.

Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Tuweiq will receive an annual base salary of $600,000, subject to review no less frequently than annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee) for potential increase (but not decrease) if the Compensation Committee, in its discretion, deems appropriate. Mr. Tuweiq shall also be eligible (i) for target annual variable compensation of $1,600,000 (which is subject to upward adjustment from time to time in the discretion of the Compensation Committee), which can range from 0% to 200% of the target depending on the level of achievement of applicable goals established by the Compensation Committee (which may be based on a combination of individual and Company related performance objectives), with any annual variable compensation determined to have been earned to be paid half in cash and half in time-based restricted stock units (RSUs) and/or restricted shares, provided that the Compensation Committee has the discretion to change such allocation; (ii) for an annual Long-Term Performance Award of $1,200,000, payable in cash and/or equity (including RSUs and/or restricted shares with vesting conditions), provided that the Compensation Committee shall have discretion to increase or decrease the Long-Term Performance Award grant amount for any year based on its evaluation of Mr. Tuweiqs performance and/or such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate; and (iii) to continue to participate in the Companys Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (the DCP). Mr. Tuweiq will receive an annual transportation allowance of $15,000 and reimbursement for up to $10,000 in legal fees related to the negotiation of the Employment Agreement. In recognition of Mr. Tuweiqs promotion as CEO, upon the Agreement Date, he will also be awarded RSUs and/or restricted shares under the Companys 2020 Equity Compensation Plan (the Company Equity Plan) with respect to a number of Class B Shares having a value of $1,500,000, determined based on the closing price of Class B Shares on the Agreement Date (the Promotion Award), 1/3rd of which will vest on the one-year anniversary of the start date of Mr. Tuweiqs tenure as President and CEO and the balance of which will vest in monthly installments of 1/24th per month thereafter.

In the event of termination, Mr. Tuweiq is entitled to various severance benefits depending on the circumstances. If terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement), including if terminated upon expiration of the employment term due to the Companys issuance of a non-renewal notice, or if he resigns for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement), in each case prior to a change in control, Mr. Tuweiq will be entitled to receive amounts accrued under the Employment Agreement and, subject to Mr. Tuweiqs execution and non-revocation of a release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company (a Release), and compliance with the terms of the Employment Agreement, he will receive (i) severance pay equal to two (2) times the sum of his base salary and cash portion of his target annual variable compensation, (ii) a lump sum cash payment equal to his pro-rata target variable compensation for the calendar year of termination, (iii) continued vesting of all outstanding equity awards, including the Promotion Award and the equity portion of his annual variable compensation, (iv) the full vesting of all restricted shares awarded under those certain Restricted Stock Award Agreements dated May 15, 2021 and November 15, 2022, respectively (the 2021 and 2022 RSA Awards), (v) full vesting of Mr. Tuweiqs interest in the DCP, payable in accordance with the terms of the DCP, and (vi) continued health coverage at active employee rates for up to twenty-four (24) months. If such a termination occurs on or within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control Event (as defined in the Company Equity Plan), Mr. Tuweiq will be entitled to receive amounts accrued under the Employment Agreement, and subject to Mr. Tuweiqs execution of a Release and compliance with the terms of the Employment Agreement, he will receive (i) three (3) times the sum of his base salary and cash portion of his target annual variable compensation, (ii) a lump sum cash payment equal to his pro-rata target variable compensation for the calendar year of termination, (iii) full vesting of all outstanding equity awards granted to Mr. Tuweiq, including the equity portion of his annual variable compensation, the Promotion Award and the 2021 and 2022 RSA Awards, (iv) full vesting of his interest in the DCP, payable in accordance with its terms, (v) continued health coverage at active employee rates for up to thirty-six (36) months, and (vi) up to $25,000 worth of outplacement services through an outplacement firm of Mr. Tuweiqs choosing.

The Employment Agreement also includes provisions for confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement, as well as intellectual property assignment and clawback provisions.

The foregoing description of the Employment Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

(e) Letter Agreements with Mr. Bernstein

Transition Agreement

To ensure a smooth transition of the CEO position, on February 3, 2025, the Company and Mr. Bernstein entered into a letter agreement (the Transition Agreement) which sets forth the terms and conditions of (i) Mr. Bernsteins remaining term of employment as CEO (the Employment Period) which will continue until immediately following the 2025 Annual Meeting (the Effective Date), and (ii) transition services to be provided by Mr. Bernstein during the one-year period following the Effective Date (the Transition Period). Among other things, the Transition Agreement provides that in addition to his duties as CEO, during the Employment Period and through the Transition Period, Mr. Bernstein will assist the Company in transitioning his CEO duties to his successor in such role, Mr. Tuweiq, to ensure a smooth and effective transition of Mr. Bernsteins duties and responsibilities to Mr. Tuweiq, mentoring Mr. Tuweiq, serving as a liaison between the Board and Mr. Tuweiq, and providing such other services as may be reasonably requested by Mr. Tuweiq or the Board in connection with the transition (collectively, the Transition Services). Mr. Bernstein will cease to be an employee and officer of the Company upon the Effective Date.

With respect to the Employment Period through the Effective Date, the Transition Agreement provides that Mr. Bernstein will continue to receive compensation and be provided perquisites and employee benefits commensurate with that which is in effect as of the date of the Transition Agreement. The Transition Agreement further provides that Mr. Bernsteins performance incentive award for 2024 will be $1.5 million, payable 50% in cash and 50% in equity in accordance with past practice, and that for 2025, his target performance incentive award will be $900,000 (that is, 150% of his current annual base salary), with the actual amount of such performance incentive award, as determined by the Compensation Committee, to be based on the Companys performance during the entire 2025 year and prorated based on his period of employment from January 1, 2025 through June 30, 2025, with the percentage achievement of his 2025 target performance incentive identical to that of the then current CEOs 2025 target performance incentive, up to Mr. Bernsteins maximum percentage of 150%, payable 50% in cash and 50% in shares of Class B common stock in accordance with the time and manner that performance incentive awards are paid to other senior executive officers, but no later than March 15, 2026. All outstanding stock awards granted to Mr. Bernstein will continue to vest during the Employment Period and during his service as a member of the Board; provided that all such awards granted with respect to his employment with the Company that are outstanding as of the expiration of the Transition Period, including awards for 2024 and 2025, shall, to the extent not then vested, vest upon the two-year anniversary of the Effective Date. The Company will additionally reimburse Mr. Bernstein for up to $10,000 of legal fees in connection with the review and negotiation of the Transition Agreement.

In consideration for Mr. Bernsteins continued services during the Employment Period and the Transition Services, and the other terms and conditions of the Transition Agreement, provided that Mr. Bernstein executes and does not revoke a Release and complies with the terms of the Transition Agreement, commencing on the Effective Date and continuing during the Transition Period, the Company will pay Mr. Bernstein, as transition pay, $510,000, which amount will be paid ratably in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices; and provide him with continued health coverage at active employee rates for up to twenty-four (24) months.

The Transition Agreement also binds Mr. Bernstein to confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement obligations and the Companys Compensation Recovery Policy.

The foregoing description of the Transition Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Transition Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Non-Executive Chairman Services Agreement

The terms of Mr. Bernsteins appointment as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board are outlined in a letter agreement regarding Non-Executive Chairman services, dated as of February 3, 2025, between the Company and Mr. Bernstein (the Board Services Agreement). Pursuant to the Board Services Agreement, Mr. Bernsteins appointment as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board is effective commencing on the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting and continues for a term ending on the earlier of (i) the date of the Companys 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, or (ii) the date Mr. Bernstein ceases to be a director of the Board (the Term). The Board may invite Mr. Bernstein to serve as Non-Executive Chairman for an additional period, in which case the Board Services Agreement will automatically renew for such further period of appointment. In the Non-Executive Chairman role, Mr. Bernstein will be responsible for attending and chairing Board and shareholder meetings, shaping and overseeing Board meeting agendas, ensuring alignment with key governance and strategic priorities, leading executive sessions of independent directors (provided that the Board and the independent directors reserve the right to have meetings attended solely by independent directors and in no event shall Mr. Bernstein be permitted to vote on a matter requiring a vote solely by independent directors, and his participation in executive sessions shall be further limited to the extent necessary to ensure compliance with applicable law, regulations and listing standards), taking reasonable measures to enable the Board to address key governance and strategic issues, facilitating effective communication among Board members and between executive and non-executive directors, and carrying out such other duties commensurate with the position as may be reasonably requested by the Board or are customary for the position.

For his service as a non-executive member of the Board, during the first year of the Term, Mr. Bernstein will be paid an annual cash retainer fee of $40,000, and thereafter he will receive the then prevailing Board retainer fee. The annual cash retainer fee will be paid quarterly in the manner applicable to such retainers payable to other members of the Board. During the Term, Mr. Bernstein will receive an annual Chair premium of $50,000 payable in the same manner as Board retainer fees. In addition, Mr. Bernstein will receive an annual equity retainer in shares of the Companys Class B Common Stock equal to the greater of (i) 1,000 Class B shares, or (ii) a number of Class B shares having a fair market value equal to the then-prevailing Board annual equity retainer fee (currently $70,000), issued on or as soon as administratively practicable following the Effective Date and each annual anniversary thereof. Each annual equity retainer shall be subject to such vesting conditions as are applicable to equity retainers of non-executive members of the Board generally. Board retainer fees shall be prorated for partial years of service on the Board. Additionally, the Company shall reimburse Mr. Bernstein for all reasonable and properly documented expenses incurred in performing the duties of his office. Mr. Bernstein is subject to standard confidentiality obligations under the Board Services Agreement. The Board Services Agreement obligates the Company to maintain reasonable directors and officers liability insurance for Board members, and provides that Mr. Bernstein will be fully entitled to the benefits of indemnification and exculpation to the fullest extent permitted by law and the By-Laws.

The foregoing description of the Board Services Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Board Services Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 3, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding Mr. Bernsteins decision to step down from his position as the Companys President and CEO, and Mr. Tuweiqs appointment as the Companys successor CEO, in each case effective immediately following the 2025 Annual Meeting. The press release also addressed Mr. Bernsteins appointment as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board, expected to commence on the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting, and the Boards approval of the expansion of the Board to ten directors and appointment of Mr. Tuweiq to the Board, effective the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting. A copy of this press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2025, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and Farouq Tuweiq.

10.2 Letter Agreement Regarding Transition Services, dated as of February 3, 2025, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and Daniel Bernstein.

10.3 Letter Agreement Regarding Non-Executive Chairman Services, dated as of February 3, 2025, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and Daniel Bernstein.

99.1 Press Release issued by Bel Fuse Inc., dated February 3, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 7, 2025 

BEL FUSE INC.

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/Daniel Bernstein

Daniel Bernstein

President and Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2025, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and Farouq Tuweiq.

10.2 Letter Agreement Regarding Transition Services, dated as of February 3, 2025, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and Daniel Bernstein.

10.3 Letter Agreement Regarding Non-Executive Chairman Services, dated as of February 3, 2025, by and between Bel Fuse Inc. and Daniel Bernstein.

99.1 Press Release issued by Bel Fuse Inc., dated February 3, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_774992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
HTML Editor

Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into as of February 3, 2025 (the Agreement Date), by and between Farouq Tuweiq (the Executive) and Bel Fuse, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (the Company).

WHEREAS, the Company desires to elevate the Executive to the position of Chief Executive Officer and the Executive desires to accept such position, effective immediately following the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Effective Date);

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive heretofore entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated as of May 6, 2022 (the Prior Employment Agreement) with respect to the Executives position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to amend and restate the Prior Employment Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions of the Executives position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and obligations set forth herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. 

Term. Subject to earlier termination pursuant to Section 5, the Executives employment pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three years thereafter (the Initial Term). Unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 5, the term of employment shall be deemed to be automatically renewed and extended each year, upon the same terms and conditions, for an additional period of one year (each a Renewal Term), unless either party, at least one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term, as applicable, shall give written notice to the other of its or his intention not to renew such employment term (a Non-Renewal Notice). The period during which the Executive is employed by the Company hereunder, including Renewal Terms if applicable, is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Term.

2. 

Position and Duties.

2.1 

Position. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, reporting solely to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board). In such position, the Executive shall have the duties, authority, responsibility and privileges customarily associated with an executive occupying such role at a publicly-traded company, and shall have all powers and authority customarily associated with such role, or necessary and/or desirable to protect and advance the best interests of the Company and its subsidiaries. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Executive shall also be Chief Executive Officer of each of the Companys subsidiaries. During the Employment Term, the Board shall nominate the Executive for appointment to the Board, and recommend to shareholders, the appointment and reappointment of the Executive to the Board upon each successive conclusion of his term of service as a member of the Board. The Executive shall be indemnified by the Company for his services hereunder to the maximum extent permitted by the Companys by-laws and shall be covered under any applicable directors and officers liability insurance policies on a basis no less favorable than other directors and executive officers of the Company are so covered.

1

2.2 

Outside Activities. During the Employment Term, the Executive will not engage in any other business, profession, or occupation for compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere with the performance of his services to the Company either directly or indirectly without the prior written consent of the Board. Subject to the prior written consent of the Board, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, the Executive may participate on the board of directors of other companies so long as such participation does not create a conflict of interest with the Company or distract the Executive from his responsibilities hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive shall be permitted to (a) act or serve as a director, trustee, committee member, or principal of any type of civic or charitable organization, (b) manage the Executives passive personal investments, and (c) participate in the role with the entity that was previously approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board prior to the Effective Date provided that such role does not interfere or conflict with the Executives duties and responsibilities to the Company.

3. 

Place of Performance. The principal place of the Executives employment shall be the Companys principal executive office in West Orange, New Jersey. The Executive may work remotely from time to time as he determines appropriate in his business judgment.

4. 

Compensation.

4.1 

Base Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary of $600,000 in accordance with the Companys customary payroll practices and applicable wage payment laws. The Base Salary shall be reviewed no less frequently than annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee) and shall be subject to such increases (but not decreases) as the Compensation Committee, in its discretion, deems appropriate. The Executives annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as the Base Salary. 

4.2 

Annual Variable Compensation. The Executive shall be eligible for target annual variable compensation in the amount of $1,600,000, subject to possible increase in the discretion of the Compensation Committee based on any upward adjustment in the Executives Base Salary from time to time (such target annual variable compensation, as in effect from time to time, the Target Annual Bonus). The actual annual variable compensation earned for a year will be between zero percent (0%) and two hundred percent (200%) of the Target Annual Bonus, depending on the level of achievement of applicable goals established by the Compensation Committee, which may be based on a combination of individual and Company related performance objectives, each of which shall be determined in good faith by the Compensation Committee after consultation with the Executive. Any annual variable compensation determined by the Compensation Committee to have been earned by the Executive will be paid 50% in cash and 50% in the form of time-based restricted stock units (RSUs) and/or restricted shares awarded under the Companys 2020 Equity Compensation Plan (or any successor plan) (the Company Equity Plan); provided, however, that the Compensation Committee reserves discretion to change such allocation of cash and RSUs/restricted shares from time to time. The number of RSUs and/or restricted shares will be based on the Fair Market Value (as defined under the Company Equity Plan) of the Companys Class B common stock (Class B Shares) on the date the RSUs and/or restricted shares are awarded. RSUs and/or restricted shares will vest monthly over a period of three years from the date of each award.

2

4.3 

Long-Term Performance Awards. The Executive shall be eligible for an annual Long-Term Performance Award grant in amount equal to no less than $1,200,000, provided that the Compensation Committee shall have discretion to increase or decrease the Long-Term Performance Award grant amount for any year based on its evaluation of the Executives performance and/or such other factors the Compensation Committee deems appropriate. The Long-Term Performance Award shall be based on achievement of such performance objectives as the Compensation Committee in good faith deems appropriate, including without limitation objectives based on total shareholder return and/or other corporate and individual measures (including continued service). The Compensation Committee shall also determine the form of payment of each Long-Term Performance Award, which may be cash and/or equity (including RSUs and/or restricted shares with vesting conditions). The Compensation Committees determination of the Long-Term Performance Award, and payment thereof, shall be made within 2-1/2 months after the end of each calendar year, commencing with the year that includes the Effective Date. 

4.4 

Promotion Award. In recognition of the Executives promotion to Chief Executive Officer, upon the Agreement Date, the Executive shall be awarded RSUs and/or restricted shares under the Company Equity Plan with respect to a number of Class B Shares having a value of $1,500,000, determined based on the closing price of Class B Shares on the Agreement Date. Such RSU and/or restricted shares award shall provide vesting terms under which one-third (1/3rd) of the award shall vest on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and the remainder shall vest in installments of 1/24th per month thereafter. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, such award shall be forfeited in full if the Executive fails to assume the role of Chief Executive Officer of the Company, including by reason of termination of employment for any reason, prior to the Effective Date.

4.5 

Deferred Compensation.The Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Bel Fuse Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (the DCP) on terms no less favorable than any other senior executive of the Company. Notwithstanding anything contained in the DCP to the contrary, in addition to terms for accelerated vesting upon termination of employment due to death or Disability (as defined in the DCP) or upon a Change in Control Event (as defined in the DCP), the Executives account under the DCP attributable to Company credits shall 100% cliff vest upon the earlier to occur of (i) the Executives attainment of age 55 if Executive is then employed by the Company, or (ii) a Change in Control Event as defined by the DCP. Except as provided by Section 6.3 hereof, if the Executive terminates employment with the Company prior to the earlier of age 55 or a Change in Control Event (as defined by the DCP), and other than due to death or Disability (as so defined), the Executives account under the DCP attributable to Company credits shall be forfeited. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate the DCP at any time in its sole discretion.

3

4.6 

Employee Benefits. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices, and programs (including with respect to vacation days or paid time-off) maintained by the Company for the benefit of senior executives of the Company generally, as in effect from time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans), to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or cancel any Employee Benefit Plan at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable law.

4.7 

Perquisites; Transportation Allowance. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to such fringe benefits and perquisites as are provided by the Company to other senior executives of the Company generally. The Company will provide the Executive with an annual transportation allowance of $15,000 to be paid in accordance with regular pay practices.

4.8 

Business Expenses. The Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment, and travel expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with the performance of the Executives duties hereunder in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies and procedures. In addition, the Company will reimburse the Executive for up to $10,000 of legal fees in connection with the review and negotiation of this Agreement.

5. 

Termination of Employment. The employment relationship between the Executive and the Company created under this Agreement shall terminate before the expiration of the stated term of this Agreement under Section 2 upon the occurrence of any one of the following events:

5.1 

Death. The Executives employment shall be terminated effective on the death of the Executive.

5.2 

Disability. The Executives employment shall be deemed terminated in the event the Executive becomes Disabled (as defined herein). The Executive shall be deemed Disabled for purposes of this Agreement if the Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of his position (with or without accommodation) due to physical or mental disability that (i) has continued for at least 120 days or (ii) exists for a cumulative total of at least 180 days during any 12-month period. Any question as to the existence of the Executive's Disability as to which the Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to the Executive and the Company. If the Executive and the Company cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select a third who shall make such determination in writing. The determination of Disability made in writing to the Company and the Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, the definition of Disability under the DCP shall apply for purposes of determining benefits thereunder.

5.3 

Termination by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate Executives employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below) at any time, subject to the notice requirements below. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Cause shall mean the Executives (i) refusal (other than due to the Executives illness or incapacity) to perform the lawful duties required of, or assigned to, the Executive, as reasonably determined by the Board, (ii) fraud, embezzlement, or other intentional misappropriation of Company property or opportunity, (iii) gross negligence or willful misconduct, (iv) conviction of any crime involving moral turpitude or any felony, (v) material breach of this Agreement and/or any rule, policy, or practice of the Company, (vi) failure or refusal to cooperate in good faith with a governmental or internal investigation, or (vii) intentional violation of federal or state securities laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executives employment shall not be terminated for Cause, within the meaning of clauses (i), (v) or (vi) above unless written notice stating the basis for the termination is provided to the Executive and the Executive has had an opportunity to cure such matter (if the Board determines that it is curable) within thirty (30) days following such notice. If the matter has not been cured (if curable) to the reasonable satisfaction of the Board, the Executives employment shall be terminated on the last day of such cure period (or upon notice of termination if there is no cure period). No action or inaction by the Executive shall be deemed Cause hereunder if done in good faith by the Executive upon the advice of the Companys legal counsel or upon the directions of the Board.

4

5.4 

Termination by the Company Without Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment at any time other than for Cause upon thirty (30) days written notice to the Executive.

5.5 

Termination by Executive for Good Reason. The Executive may terminate his employment with Good Reason (as defined herein). For purposes of this Agreement, the term Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without the Executives prior written consent:

a. 

a material diminution of the Executives authorities, duties, responsibilities, reporting line or title;

b. 

a material reduction in Base Salary or target variable compensation opportunity unless a similar reduction applies to all senior executives of the Company on a percentage basis no worse for the Executive than compared to such other senior executives of the Company;

c. 

a material breach of this Agreement by the Company;

d. 

the relocation of the Executives principal office location to a location that is more than twenty-five (25) miles from the location on the Effective Date;

e. 

a change in reporting structure so that (A) the Executive does not report solely and directly to the Board or (B) any employee of the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries does not report directly or indirectly to the Executive; or

f. 

a failure by the Board to nominate the Executive for appointment (or reappointment, as applicable) to the Board and to recommend to the shareholders that he be so appointed (or reappointed).

5

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executives employment shall not be terminated with Good Reason unless (i) the Executive provides written notice to the Company of the event or condition alleged to constitute Good Reason within thirty (30) days after the Executive first becomes aware that such event or condition has occurred or arose, (ii) such notice details the basis of such termination, (iii) the Company reasonably fails to cure such event or condition within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice, and (iv) if the Company fails to reasonably cure such event or condition within such thirty (30) day period, the Executive actually terminates his employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration of such thirty (30) day cure period.

5.6 

Resignation by the Executive Without Good Reason. The Executive may terminate his employment without Good Reason upon one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days written notice to the Company. The Company reserves the right to shorten the period of notice and/or to require the Executive to discontinue all or some of the Executives duties at any time after receipt of such notice.

5.7 

Termination Compensation. Upon termination of the Executives employment during the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described in Section 6 and shall have no further rights to any additional compensation or other benefits from the Company or any of its affiliates.

5.8 

Resignation of All Positions. Upon termination of the Executives employment hereunder for any reason, the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions that the Executive holds as an officer or member of the Board (or a committee thereof) of the Company or any of its affiliates or as a fiduciary of any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its affiliates without the necessity of further action by the Company or the Executive.

6. 

Separation Payments.

6.1 

Accrued Amounts. Regardless of the reason for the Executives termination of employment, including due to death or Disability (as defined in Section 5.2), the Executive (or his estate or dependents, as applicable, in the event of his death) shall be entitled to receive the following (collectively, the Accrued Amounts):

i. 

any accrued but unpaid Base Salary;

ii. 

to the extent provided by Company policy, accrued but unused paid time-off which shall be in accordance with the Companys customary payroll procedures;

iii. 

reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by the Executive prior to the date of termination, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policy; and

iv. 

such employee benefits, if any, to which the Executive or the Executives dependents may be entitled under the Employee Benefit Plans as of the date of termination, including without limitation health continuation coverage under the Companys group health plan pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA).

6

Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, (i) the treatment of any outstanding equity awards made to the Executive shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the applicable Company Equity Plan and the applicable award agreements, (ii) the DCP benefits shall be payable in accordance with the terms of the DCP, and (iii) payment with respect to Long-Term Performance Awards shall be made in accordance the terms of such Awards.

6.2 

Death or Disability. In the event that the Executives employment with the Company terminates due to death or Disability (as defined in Section 5.2), the Executive (or the Executives estate in the event of his death) shall be provided the Accrued Amounts to the extent applicable and, subject to the Executives (or the executor of the Executives estate in the event of the Executives death) execution and non-revocation of a release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company (provided that such release will be limited to claims as of the date of the release and shall not contain any post-employment covenants beyond those to which the Executive is already subject), and the Executives compliance (in the case of termination due to Disability) in all material respects with the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement, a lump sum cash payment equal to the pro rata amount of the Target Annual Bonus under Section 4.2 hereof for the calendar year of termination (regardless of whether payable in cash or RSUs/restricted shares), based on the number of days the Executive was employed by the Company during such year divided by 365, which shall be payable on the date that annual bonuses are paid to the Company's similarly situated executives, but in no event later than two-and-a-half (2-1/2) months following the end of the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs, and full vesting of the Executives then current interest in the DCP payable in accordance with the terms of the DCP.

6.3 

Involuntary Termination Prior to a Change in Control Event. If the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (including if the Executives employment terminates upon expiration of the Employment Term due to the Companys issuance of a Non-Renewal Notice) or the Executive resigns for Good Reason (each as defined below), in each case prior to a Change in Control Event (as defined in the Companys 2020 Equity Compensation Plan), then the Executive shall be entitled to receive (i) the Accrued Amounts, and (ii) subject to the Executives execution and non-revocation of a release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company (provided that such release will be limited to claims as of the date of the release and shall not contain any post-employment covenants beyond those to which the Executive is already subject) (the Release) and compliance with the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement, the following:

a. 

Severance pay in an amount equal to two times the sum of the Executives Base Salary and cash portion of the Target Annual Bonus, which shall be payable in installments in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices. The first such installment shall be payable with the pay period following the date that the Release becomes effective; provided, however, that if the period for review and revocation of the Release spans two taxable years, such payment shall be made on the later of (i) the first pay period ending in the second of such taxable years or the first pay period after the Release becomes effective. The first such installment shall include all installments that would have been paid had severance payments commenced with the first pay period following the date of the Executives termination of employment;

7

b. 

A lump sum cash payment equal to the pro rata amount of the Target Annual Bonus under Section 4.2 hereof for the calendar year of termination (regardless of whether payable in cash or RSUs/restricted shares), based on the number of days the Executive was employed by the Company during such year divided by 365, which shall be paid on the date that annual performance bonuses are paid to similarly situated executives, but in no event later than two-and-a-half (2-1/2) months following the end of the calendar year in which the Executives separation from service occurs;

c. 

All equity awards outstanding as of the Executives termination of employment, including RSUs and/or restricted shares awarded in respect of variable compensation under Section 4.3 hereof and RSUs and/or restricted shares subject to the Promotion Award under Section 4.4 hereof, shall continue to vest in accordance with their applicable vesting schedules (though for avoidance of doubt no services by the Executive shall be required following the Executives date of termination), and with respect to such equity awards that are RSU and/or restricted share awards, the Class B Shares subject thereto shall be issued in accordance with the terms of such RSU and restricted share awards as and when such vesting occurs;

d. 

All of the restricted shares of the Companys Class B common stock awarded to the Executive pursuant to those certain Restricted Stock Award Agreements dated May 15, 2021 and November 15, 2022, respectively, shall, to the extent not previously vested, thereupon be fully vested and the restrictions applicable to all such shares shall thereupon lapse;

e. 

The Executives interest in the DCP shall be fully vested and be payable in accordance with the terms of the DCP; and

f. 

If the Executive timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under the Companys group health plan pursuant COBRA, the Company shall pay directly or promptly reimburse the Executive on a monthly basis for the difference between the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for the Executive and the Executives dependents and the monthly premium amount paid for such coverage by similarly situated active executives. The Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the eighteen-month anniversary of the Executives separation from service; (ii) the date the Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which the Executive obtains substantially similar coverage from another employer or other source. If the Executive maintains COBRA coverage through the eighteen-month anniversary of the Executives separation from service, the Company will continue such coverage for up to an additional six months either by continuing coverage on the same terms as COBRA or by reimbursing the Executive for coverage that is as comparable as possible under a health policy owned by the Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Companys payments under this Section 6.3(f) would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans under the Affordable Care Act (the ACA), or result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA and the related regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder), the Company may provide such coverage in a manner as is necessary to comply with the ACA.

8

6.4. 

Involuntary Termination on or Following a Change in Control Event. If the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined below), including if the Executives employment terminates upon expiration of the Employment Term due to the Companys issuance of a Non-Renewal Notice, or the Executive resigns with Good Reason (as defined below), in each case on or within twenty four (24) months following a Change in Control Event (as defined in the Company Equity Plan), then the Executive shall be entitled to receive (i) the Accrued Amounts, and (ii) subject to the Executives execution and non-revocation of a Release and compliance with the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement, the following:

a. 

A lump sum cash severance payment in an amount equal to three times the sum of the Executives Base Salary and cash portion of the Target Annual Bonus, which shall be paid with the pay period following the date that the Release becomes effective; provided, however, that if the period for review and revocation of the Release spans two taxable years, such payment shall be made on the later of (i) the first pay period ending in the second of such taxable years or the first pay period after the Release becomes effective;

b. 

A lump sum cash payment equal to the pro rata amount of the Target Annual Bonus under Section 4.2 hereof for the calendar year of termination (regardless of whether payable in cash or RSUs/restricted shares), based on the number of days the Executive was employed by the Company during such year divided by 365, which shall be paid on the date that annual performance bonuses are paid to similarly situated executives, but in no event later than two-and-a-half (2-1/2) months following the end of the calendar year in which the Executives separation from service occurs;

c. 

All equity awards outstanding as of the Executives termination of employment, including RSUs and/or restricted shares awarded in respect of variable compensation under Section 4.3 hereof and RSUs and/or restricted shares subject to the Promotion Award under Section 4.4 hereof, shall vest immediately; provided, however, if the acquirer in connection with the Change in Control Event does not assume or continue equity awards under the Company Equity Plan, then such equity awards shall vest immediately prior to the closing of the Change in Control Event;

d. 

All of the restricted shares of the Companys Class B common stock awarded to the Executive pursuant to those certain Restricted Stock Award Agreements dated May 15, 2021 and November 15, 2022, respectively, shall, to the extent not previously vested, thereupon be fully vested and the restrictions applicable to all such shares shall thereupon lapse;

e. 

The Executives interest in the DCP shall be fully vested, to the extent not otherwise vested, and be payable in accordance with the terms of the DCP;

9

f. 

The Company shall provide the Executive with continued healthcare coverage in accordance with Section 6.3(f) except that eighteen shall be substituted for six where the latter appears therein (for an aggregate of thirty-six months coverage); and

g. 

The Executive will be provided outplacement services through an outplacement firm of Executives choosing, up to an aggregate of $25,000.

7. 

Confidential Information.

7.1 

Confidential Information. The Executive understands and agrees that during his employment with the Company he has had and will continue to have access to and/or possession of Confidential Information (as defined below), that the Executive will be entrusted with business opportunities of the Company, and that the Executive will be in a position to develop business goodwill on behalf of the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to:

a. 

Technologies developed by the Company or any of its parents, subsidiaries, divisions or affiliates (collectively, Company Entities) and any research data or other documentation related to the development of such technologies, including, without limitation, all designs, improvements, product developments, discoveries and inventions, whether patentable or not, that are conceived, developed or acquired by the Executive, individually or in conjunction with others, during his employment;

b. 

Trade secrets;

c. 

All documents, drawings, memoranda, notes, records, files, correspondence, manuals, models, specifications, computer programs, E-mail, voice mail, electronic databases, maps, logs, drawings, models and all other writings or materials of any type embodying any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, inventions and other similar forms of expression that are conceived, developed or acquired by the Executive individually or in conjunction with others during the course of the Executives employment with the Company (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on any Company Entity premises or otherwise) that relate to the Company Entities or their trade secrets, products or services;

d. 

Customer lists and prospect lists developed by any Company Entity;

e. 

Information regarding any Company Entitys customers which the Executive acquired as a result of his employment with the Company, including but not limited to, customer contracts, work performed for customers, customer contacts, customer requirements and needs, data used by any Company Entity to formulate customer bids, customer financial information, and other information regarding the customers business;

f. 

Information related to any Company Entitys trade secrets, products or services, including but not limited to marketing strategies and plans, sales procedures, operating policies and procedures, pricing and pricing strategies, business plans, sales, profits, and other business and financial information of any Company Entity;

10

g. 

Training materials developed by and utilized by any Company Entity; and

h. 

Any other information that the Executive acquired as a result of his employment with the Company and which the Company Entities would not want disclosed to a business competitor or to the general public.

The Executive understands and acknowledges that such Confidential Information gives the Company Entities a competitive advantage over others who do not have the information, and that the Company Entities would be irreparably harmed if the Confidential Information were disclosed.

For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall not include information that: (i) prior to disclosure, is or was known or generally available to the public; (ii) after disclosure, become known to the public through no act or omission of the Executive or any other person or entity with an obligation of confidentiality to any Company Entity; (iii) is or was independently developed by the Executive, without the use of or reference to Confidential Information of any Company Entity, and can be demonstrated by the Executive through adequate documentation was developed by Executive in this manner; or (iv) is required to be disclosed pursuant to an applicable law, rule, regulation, government requirement or court order, or the rules of any stock exchange (provided however, the Executive shall advise the Company of such required disclosure immediately upon learning thereof in order to afford the Company a reasonable opportunity to contest, limit and/or assist the Executive in crafting such disclosure and shall cooperate with the Company concerning any such attempt to contest, limit or craft the disclosure).

The Executive acknowledges receipt of the following notice under the Defend Trade Secrets Act: An individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret if he/she (i) makes such disclosure in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and such disclosure is made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) such disclosure was made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding if such filing is made under seal.

7.2. 

Disclosure of Confidential Information. The Executive agrees that he shall hold all Confidential Information of the Company Entities in trust for the Company Entities and shall not during or after his employment terminates for any reason: (i) use the information for any purpose other than the benefit of the Company Entities; or (ii) disclose to any person or entity any Confidential Information of the Company Entities except as necessary during the Executives employment with the Company to perform services on behalf of the Company. the Executive shall also take reasonable steps to safeguard such Confidential Information in the Executives possession or control to prevent its disclosure to unauthorized persons. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, nor prohibit or restrict the Executive from, without notice to the Company, (i) initiating communications directly with or providing information to, responding to an inquiry from, or providing testimony before, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or any other self-regulatory organization, or any other federal or state regulatory authority, or (ii) otherwise engaging in activity protected by applicable whistleblower laws. The Executive may disclose Confidential Information to the minimum extent reasonably required in connection with defending against or asserting any claims in any legal proceeding between the Company and the Executive.

11

7.3 

Return of Information. Upon termination of employment, or at any earlier time as directed by the Company, the Executive shall immediately deliver to the Company any and all tangible Confidential Information in the Executives possession (including for avoidance of doubt any digital Confidential Information). The Executive acknowledges that such Confidential Information is the exclusive property of the Company Entities. After the Executive delivers to the Company all tangible Confidential Information in the Executives possession, the Executive shall immediately delete all Confidential Information from any computer, cellular phone or other digital or electronic device owned by the Executive. In addition, upon termination of employment, or at any time earlier as directed by the Company, the Executive shall immediately deliver to the Company any property of the Company in the Executives possession. The Executive shall provide all Company access codes, passcodes, and administrator rights to the Company at any time during or after the Executives employment on demand. The Executive may retain a copy of his computer calendar, contacts list and any information need to file his personal tax returns.

8. 

Assignment of Intellectual Property.

8.1 

Creations. The Executive shall promptly disclose to the Company any invention, discovery or improvement, whether patentable or not (Creations), conceived or made by him alone or with others at any time during the course of his employment with the Company. The Executive agrees that the Company owns any such Creations, and the Executive hereby irrevocably, absolutely, and unconditionally assigns to the Company all rights, title and interest in and to the Creations or portions thereof, including but not limited to, all copyrights, patents, and other proprietary and intellectual property rights and any and all goodwill associated therewith, as well as all moral rights that the Executive has or may acquire in and/or to the Creations, or any of them, including but not limited to any and all rights of identification of authorship and any and all rights of approval, restriction or limitation on use or subsequent modifications relating to the Creations. The Executive agrees to execute and deliver to Company at Companys sole expense any and all applications, assignments and other instruments relating thereto which the Company deems necessary or desirable in its discretion. These obligations shall continue beyond the termination of his employment with respect to Creations and derivatives of such Creations conceived or made during the course of the Executives employment with the Company. The Company and the Executive understand that the obligation to assign Creations to the Company shall not apply to any Creation which is developed entirely on his own time without using any of the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities, and/or Confidential Information (Executive Creations) unless such Creation (i) relates in any way to the business or to the current or anticipated research or development of any of the Company Entities; or (ii) results in any way from his work at the Company.

12

8.2 

Cooperation. The Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company, both during and after his employment with the Company, at the Companys sole expense with respect to the procurement, maintenance and enforcement of copyrights, patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights (both in the United States and foreign countries) relating to Creations covered by Section 8.1 hereof. The Executive shall sign all papers, including, without limitation, copyright applications, patent applications, declarations, oaths, formal assignments, assignments of priority rights and powers of attorney, which the Company, acting reasonably, may deem necessary or desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in any such Creations. The Executive further agrees that if the Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure the Executives signature on any such papers, any officer of the Company shall be entitled to execute such papers as his agent and attorney-in-fact and the Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints each officer of the Company as his agent and attorney-in-fact to execute any such papers on his behalf and to take any and all actions as the Company may deem necessary or desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in any such Creations, under the conditions described in this paragraph, all to the exclusion of the Executives Creations.

9. 

Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation Covenants. In consideration for (i) the Companys promise to provide Confidential Information to the Executive and the Executives return promise to hold the Companys Confidential Information in trust, (ii) the substantial economic investment made by the Company in the Confidential Information and goodwill of the Company, and the business opportunities disclosed or entrusted to the Executive, (iii) the compensation and other benefits provided by the Company to the Executive, and (iv) the Companys employment of the Executive pursuant to this Agreement, and to protect the Companys Confidential Information, customer relationships, and goodwill, the Executive agrees as follows:

9.1 

Non-Competition. During the Executives employment and for a period of twelve months following the termination of the Executives employment, regardless of the reason for such termination (the Restricted Period), the Executive shall not, anywhere in the world, directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control, consult with, be employed by, participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or otherwise render services to or engage in, any business engaged in or competitive with the business(es) conducted by the Company or any other Company Entity during the Executives employment or with respect to which the Company or any other Company Entity has or had under development during the Employment Term; provided, that the Executives passive ownership of (i) securities of 2% or less of any publicly traded class of securities of a public company and (ii) investment in hedge, private equity and mutual funds or similar investment vehicles shall not violate the foregoing restriction.

9.2 

Non-Solicitation of Service Providers, Customers. During the Executives employment and during the Restricted Period, other than in connection with his authorized duties under this Agreement, the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, either as a principal, manager, agent, employee, consultant, officer, director, stockholder, partner, investor, owner, or lender or in any other capacity, and whether personally or through other persons or entities:

13

a. 

solicit, hire, recruit or attempt to persuade any person to terminate or materially diminish such persons employment with or engagement by the Company or any Company Entity, regardless of whether or not such person is an employee or contractor, whether such person is full-time or part-time, whether or not such employment is pursuant to a written agreement or is at-will, and whether or not the Executive initiated the discussion or sought out the contact; or

b. 

solicit, contact or attempt to persuade any current or prospective customer of the Company to terminate or materially alter such customers or prospective customers relationship with the Company; or

c. 

solicit or assist in the solicitation of any current or prospective customer to induce or attempt to induce any such customer or prospective customer to purchase or contract for any Competing Services. Competing Services means any product, service, or process or the research or development thereof, of any person or entity other than the Company or any Company Entity that directly competes, in whole or part, with a product, service, or process, including the research and development thereof, of the Company.

10. 

Non-Disparagement. The Executive agrees and covenants that the Executive will not at any time, both during and after the Executives employment with the Company, make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Company Entities or their businesses, or any of their employees, officers, and existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors and other associated third parties. This Section 10 does not, in any way, restrict or impede the Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation, or order, including the Executives right to engage in protected activity under the National Labor Relations Act, government whistleblower programs and whistleblowing statutes or regulations. The Executive may testify truthfully in any legal proceeding between the parties and may provide performance reviews for Company personnel in the ordinary course, in each case without being in violation of this Section 10.

11. 

Remedies. 

11.1 

Injunctive Relief. The Executive acknowledges that, in view of the nature of the business of the Company Entities and his position with the Company, the restrictions contained in Sections 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement, are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company Entities, including their Confidential Information and goodwill, and that any violation of Sections 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement will result in irreparable injury to the Company Entities. Accordingly, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of Sections 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement, the Company may seek a temporary restraining order and injunctive relief restraining the Executive from the commission of any breach (without being obligated to post a bond or other collateral). Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting the Company from pursuing any other remedies available to it for any breach or threatened breach, including, without limitation, the recovery of money damages. The existence of any claim or cause of action by the Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of Sections 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement. 

14

11.2 

Reformation. The Executive acknowledges that the restrictions imposed by this Agreement are legitimate, reasonable and necessary to protect the Companys investment in its Confidential Information, businesses, customer relationships and the goodwill thereof. The Executive acknowledges that the scope and duration of the restrictions contained herein are necessary and reasonable in light of the Executive position with the Company, the Executives reputation in the markets for the Companys business and the Executives relationship with the suppliers, customers and clients of the Company obtained through the Executives employment with the Company. Nonetheless, the courts shall be entitled to modify the duration and scope of any restriction contained herein to the extent such restriction would otherwise be unenforceable, and such restriction as modified shall be enforceable. For purposes of Section 9, the Restricted Period shall not expire and shall be tolled during any period in which the Executive is in violation of Section 9, and therefore such Restricted Period under Section 9 shall be extended for a period equal to the duration of my violations thereof.

11.3 

Further Acknowledgments. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing restrictions of Sections 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement are (i) supported by valuable consideration; (ii) do not impose any restraint that is greater than is required for the protection of the Company and the other Company Entities; (iii) does not and will not impose an undue hardship on the Executive; and (iv) imposes only those restrictions that are appropriate in light of the valuable consideration given in support of this Agreement. The Executive further acknowledges and confirms that he has been represented by counsel in reviewing, negotiating and accepting all terms and conditions of this Agreement, including in particular the restrictions set forth in Sections 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement.

12. 

Governing Law: Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in the State of New Jersey. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue.

13. 

Entire Agreement. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between the Executive and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter, including without limitation the Prior Employment Agreement and the Employee Intellectual Property and Confidential Information Agreement dated December 7, 2020 executed by the Executive. The parties mutually agree that the Agreement can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement.

15

14. 

Modification and Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by a person specifically authorized by the Board to amend or modify this Agreement. No waiver by either of the parties of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either of the parties in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power, or privilege.

15. 

Captions. Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

16. 

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

17. 

Section 280G.

17.1 

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that it shall be determined that any payment or distribution to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (a Payment) would be nondeductible by the Company for federal income tax purposes because of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the Company shall reduce the aggregate present value of the Payments under this Agreement to the Reduced Amount (as defined below) if, and only if, reducing the Payments under this Agreement will provide the Executive with a greater net after-tax amount than would be the case if no such reduction was made, taking into account the applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and other taxes, including the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code. If a reduction in the Payments is necessary, such reduction shall occur in the following order: (1) reduction of cash payments; (2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of equity awards other than stock options; (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock options; and (4) reduction of other benefits paid to the Executive. Within any such category of payments and benefits (that is, clauses (1), (2), (3) or (4) of this Section 12(a)), a reduction shall occur first with respect to amounts that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code (Section 409A) and then with respect to amounts that are. The Reduced Amount shall be an amount expressed in present value that maximizes the aggregate present value of Payments under this Agreement without causing any Payment to be nondeductible by the Company because of Section 280G of the Code.

17.2 

All determinations to be made under this Section 17 shall be made at the Companys expense by a firm of certified public accountants of national standing selected by the Company (the Accounting Firm) which may be the firm regularly auditing the financial statements of the Company. The Company and the Executive shall furnish to the Accounting Firm such information and documents as the Accounting Firm may reasonably require in order to make a determination under this Section 17. In making its determinations hereunder, the Accounting Firm shall apply reasonable, good faith interpretations regarding the applicability of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code, along with any other applicable portions of the Code or other tax laws.

16

18. 

Section 409A.

18.1 

General Compliance. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made upon a separation from service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by the Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. If any provision of this Agreement is determined in good faith by the parties to be noncompliant with Section 409A, then the parties will negotiate such modifications to the noncompliant terms to make them compliant (if feasible), preserving, to the maximum extent possible, the original economic intent of the parties under this Agreement.

18.2 

Specified Employees. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit provided to the Executive in connection with his termination of employment is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and the Executive is determined to be a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or benefit shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of the Termination Date or, if earlier, on the Executives death (the Specified Employee Payment Date). The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before the Specified Employee Payment Date shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule.

18.3 

Reimbursements. To the extent required by Section 409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement shall be provided in accordance with the following:

a. 

the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year;

17

b. 

any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to the Executive on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and

c. 

any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

19. 

Clawback Provisions. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based or other compensation paid to the Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with the Company (whether in existence as of the Effective Date or later adopted) which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). The Board will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole good faith discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.

20. 

Withholding. The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state, and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation.

21. 

Publicity. The Executive hereby irrevocably consents to any and all uses and displays, by the Company and its agents, representatives and licensees, of the Executives name, voice, likeness, image, appearance, and biographical information in, on or in connection with any pictures, photographs, audio and video recordings, digital images, websites, television programs and advertising, other advertising and publicity, sales and marketing brochures, books, magazines, other publications, CDs, DVDs, tapes, and all other printed and electronic forms and media throughout the world, at any time during or after the Employment Term, for all legitimate commercial and business purposes of the Company (Permitted Uses) without further consent from or royalty, payment, or other compensation to the Executive. The Executive hereby forever waives and releases the Company and its directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all claims, actions, damages, losses, costs, expenses, and liability of any kind, arising under any legal or equitable theory whatsoever at any time during or after the Employment Term, arising directly or indirectly from the Companys and its agents, representatives, and licensees exercise of their rights in connection with any Permitted Uses.

22. 

Stock Ownership Requirements. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall maintain ownership of the Companys common stock to the extent required by executive ownership guidelines established by the Board or a committee thereof from time to time.

23. 

Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is personal to the Executive and shall not be assigned by the Executive. Any purported assignment by the Executive shall be null and void from the initial date of the purported assignment. The Company may assign this Agreement to any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and permitted successors and assigns.

18

24. 

Notice. Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight carrier to the parties at the addresses set forth below (or such other addresses as specified by the parties by like notice):

If to the Company:

Bel Fuse, Inc.

300 Executive Drive, Suite 300

West Orange, NJ 07052

Attn: Chairman of the Board of Directors and General Counsel

If to the Executive, at the home address of the Executive recorded in the Companys files.

25. 

Survival. Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive such expiration or other termination to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

26. 

Acknowledgement of Full Understanding. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF HIS CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

BEL FUSE INC.

By: /s/ Lynn Hutkin

Name: Lynn Hutkin

Title: Vice President of Financial Reporting and Investor Relations

EXECUTIVE

Signature: /s/ Farouq Tuweiq

Print Name: Farouq Tuweiq

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_774993.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
HTML Editor

Exhibit 10.2

Mr. Daniel Bernstein

Chief Executive Officer

Bel Fuse, Inc.

300 Executive Drive, Suite 300

West Orange, New Jersey

Dear Dan:

Thank you for your careful and considered planning for your transition from Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Bel Fuse, Inc. (the Company) to Non-Executive Chairman of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board), to be effective immediately following the 2025 annual meeting of the Companys shareholders (the Effective Date). This letter agreement will set forth the terms and conditions of your remaining term of employment with the Company. A separate letter between you and the Company will govern the terms of your membership on the Board from and after the Effective Date. 

1. Employment Period. From the date hereof through the earlier of the Effective Date or your death or incapacity (the Employment Period), you will continue to serve as CEO of the Company with all of the duties and responsibilities attendant to such position. During the Employment Period, you shall continue to receive compensation and be provided perquisites and employee benefits commensurate with that which is in effect as of the date hereof. In addition, the Company will reimburse you for up to $10,000 of legal fees in connection with the review and negotiation of this letter agreement. Upon the Effective Date, without any further action necessary, you shall be deemed have resigned employment and your position as CEO of the Company, as well as any other positions you hold with the Company (other than as a member of the Board).

Your performance incentive award for 2024 will be $1,500,000, which amount will be paid 50% in cash and 50% in equity in accordance with past practice. Such award will be made when such awards are paid to other senior executives of the Company, but no later than March 15, 2025. 

For 2025, your target performance incentive award will be $900,000 (that is, 150% of your current annual base salary). The actual amount of such performance incentive award, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, will be based on the Companys performance during the entire 2025 year and will be prorated based on the period from January 1, 2025 through the later of the Effective Date or June 30, 2025. The percentage achievement of your 2025 target performance incentive will be identical to the percentage achievement of the then current CEOs 2025 target performance incentive, up to your maximum percentage of 150%. Such bonus will be paid in 2026 (50% in cash and 50% in shares of the Companys Class B stock in accordance with the manner that performance incentive awards are paid to other senior executive officers subject to the following paragraph) when such awards are paid to other senior executive officers of the Company, but in no event later than March 15, 2026. 

1

All outstanding stock awards granted to you will continue to vest during the Employment Period and during your service as a member of the Board; provided, however, that all such awards granted to you with respect to your employment with the Company that are outstanding as of the expiration of the Transition Period (defined below), including the awards for 2024 and 2025 set forth above, shall, to the extent not then vested, vest upon the two-year anniversary of the Effective Date.

2. Accrued Obligations. Following expiration of the Employment Period, you (or your estate in the event of your death) shall be entitled to the following:

(i) All accrued but unpaid salary and, to the extent provided by Company policy, accrued but unused paid time-off;

(ii) Reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by you prior to the Effective Date;

(iii) Such employee benefits, if any, to which you or your dependents may be entitled under the Companys employee benefit plans, including without limitation health continuation coverage under the Companys group health plan pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA);

(iv) You shall be entitled to the benefits payable to you under the Companys Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the SERP). Any required notice period by you under the SERP is waived.

3. Transition Services. In addition to your duties as CEO, during the Employment Period and through the Transition Period, you agree to assist the Company in the transition of your duties and responsibilities as CEO to your successor by (i) providing the Company with assistance to ensure a smooth and effective transition of your duties and responsibilities as CEO to the successor CEO, (ii) mentoring the successor CEO, (iii) serving as a liaison between the Board and the successor CEO, and (iv) providing such other services as may be reasonably requested by the successor CEO or the Board in connection with the transition (collectively, the Transition Services). Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, it is our mutual intent that you not perform Transition Services at a level that exceeds 20% of the average level of services you provided as CEO during the 36-month period preceding the Effective Date. For avoidance of doubt, in no event shall your services as a director of the Board be considered Transition Services.

4. Transition Pay and Benefits. In consideration of your continued services during the Employment Period and the Transition Services, and the other terms and conditions of this letter agreement, the Company agrees to provide you with the following payments and benefits, provided that you comply with the terms of this letter agreement, including paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 below, and further subject to your execution and non-revocation of a release of claims in substantially the draft form provided to you (the Release) within thirty (30) days following the Effective Date:

2

(a) Commencing on the Effective Date and continuing until the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Transition Period), the Company will pay you, as transition pay, $510,000, which amount will be paid ratably in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices (the Transition Payments). For avoidance of doubt, you will not be an employee or officer of the Company from and after the Effective Date. Transition Payments will continue to be made to your estate in the event of your death before the Transition Period expires. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Transition Payments will be made until the Release becomes effective, but the first installment of Transition Payments shall include all installments that would have been made had such installments begun with the pay period immediately following the Effective Date.

(b) Provided that you timely elect health continuation coverage under the Companys group health plan pursuant COBRA, the Company will promptly reimburse you on a monthly basis for the difference between the monthly COBRA premium paid by you for such coverage and the monthly premium amount paid for such coverage by similarly situated active executives. You will be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the eighteen-month anniversary of COBRA coverage; and (ii) the date you are no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage. If you maintain COBRA coverage through the expiration of such 18-month period, the Company will continue such coverage for up to an additional six months either by continuing coverage on the same terms as COBRA or by reimbursing you for coverage that is as comparable as possible under a health policy owned by you (taking into account Medicare coverage). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such reimbursements by the Company would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans under the Affordable Care Act (the ACA), or result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA and the related regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder), the Company may provide such coverage in a manner as is necessary to comply with the ACA.

(c) To the extent not vested as of the Effective Date, all of your then outstanding stock awards shall continue to vest in accordance with their terms subject to your continued services as provided by this letter agreement during the Transition Period and as a director of the Board following the Effective Date.

5. Confidential Information.

You understand and agree that during your employment with the Company you have had and will continue to have access to and/or possession of Confidential Information (as defined below), that you will be entrusted with business opportunities of the Company, and that you will be in a position to develop business goodwill on behalf of the Company. For purposes of this letter agreement, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to:

3

(i) Technologies developed by the Company or any of its parents, subsidiaries, divisions or affiliates (collectively, Company Entities) and any research data or other documentation related to the development of such technologies, including, without limitation, all designs, improvements, product developments, discoveries and inventions, whether patentable or not, that are conceived, developed or acquired by you, individually or in conjunction with others, during your employment;

(ii) Trade secrets;

(iii) All documents, drawings, memoranda, notes, records, files, correspondence, manuals, models, specifications, computer programs, E-mail, voice mail, electronic databases, maps, logs, drawings, models and all other writings or materials of any type embodying any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, inventions and other similar forms of expression that are conceived, developed or acquired by you individually or in conjunction with others during the course of your employment with the Company (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on any Company Entity premises or otherwise) that relate to the Company Entities or their trade secrets, products or services;

(iv) Customer lists and prospect lists developed by any Company Entity;

(v) Information regarding any Company Entitys customers which you acquired as a result of your employment with the Company, including but not limited to, customer contracts, work performed for customers, customer contacts, customer requirements and needs, data used by any Company Entity to formulate customer bids, customer financial information, and other information regarding the customers business;

(vi) Information related to any Company Entitys trade secrets, products or services, including but not limited to marketing strategies and plans, sales procedures, operating policies and procedures, pricing and pricing strategies, business plans, sales, profits, and other business and financial information of any Company Entity;

(vii) Training materials developed by and utilized by any Company Entity; and

(viii) Any other information that you acquired as a result of your employment with the Company and which the Company Entities would not want disclosed to a business competitor or to the general public.

You understand and acknowledge that such Confidential Information gives the Company Entities a competitive advantage over others who do not have the information, and that the Company Entities would be irreparably harmed if the Confidential Information were disclosed.

4

For purposes of this letter agreement, Confidential Information shall not include information that: (i) prior to disclosure, is or was known or generally available to the public; (ii) after disclosure, becomes known to the public through no act or omission by you or any other person or entity with an obligation of confidentiality to any Company Entity; (iii) is or was independently developed by you, without the use of or reference to Confidential Information of any Company Entity; or (iv) is required to be disclosed pursuant to an applicable law, rule, regulation, government requirement or court order, or the rules of any stock exchange (provided however, you shall advise the Company of such required disclosure promptly upon learning thereof in order to afford the Company a reasonable opportunity to contest, limit and/or assist you in crafting such disclosure and shall cooperate with the Company concerning any such attempt to contest, limit or craft the disclosure, to the extent not prohibited by law, court order or the direction of a government official).

You acknowledge receipt of the following notice under the Defend Trade Secrets Act: An individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret if he/she (i) makes such disclosure in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and such disclosure is made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) such disclosure was made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding if such filing is made under seal.

You agree that you shall hold all Confidential Information of the Company Entities in trust for the Company Entities and shall not during or after your employment terminates for any reason: (i) use the information for any purpose other than the benefit of the Company Entities; or (ii) disclose to any person or entity any Confidential Information of the Company Entities except as authorized during your employment with the Company to perform services on behalf of the Company. You will also take reasonable steps to safeguard such Confidential Information in your possession or control to prevent its disclosure to unauthorized persons. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this letter agreement shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, nor prohibit or restrict you from, without notice to the Company, (i) initiating communications directly with or providing information to, responding to an inquiry from, or providing testimony before, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or any other self-regulatory organization, or any other federal or state regulatory authority, or (ii) otherwise engaging in activity protected by applicable whistleblower laws.

6. Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation Covenants. In consideration for (i) the Companys promise to provide Confidential Information to you and your return promise to hold the Companys Confidential Information in trust, (ii) the substantial economic investment made by the Company in the Confidential Information and goodwill of the Company, and the business opportunities disclosed or entrusted to you, (iii) the compensation and other benefits provided by the Company to you, and (iv) the Companys employment of you as CEO, and to protect the Companys Confidential Information, customer relationships, and goodwill, you agree as follows:

5

(a) Non-Competition. During your employment and for a period of twelve months following the termination of your employment, regardless of the reason for such termination (the Restricted Period), you shall not, anywhere in the world, directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control, consult with, be employed by, participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or otherwise render services to or engage in, any business engaged in or competitive with the business(es) conducted by the Company or any other Company Entity during your employment or with respect to which the Company or any other Company Entity has or had under development during the Employment Period; provided, that your passive ownership of securities of 2% or less of any publicly traded class of securities of a public company shall not violate the foregoing restriction.

(b) Non-Solicitation of Service Providers, Customers. During your employment and during the Restricted Period, other than in connection with your duties as CEO or as a director of the Board, you shall not, directly or indirectly, either as a principal, manager, agent, employee, consultant, officer, director, stockholder, partner, investor, owner, or lender or in any other capacity, and whether personally or through other persons or entities:

(i) solicit, hire, recruit or attempt to persuade any person to terminate or materially diminish such persons employment with or engagement by the Company or any Company Entity, regardless of whether or not such person is an employee or contractor, whether such person is full-time or part-time, whether or not such employment is pursuant to a written agreement or is at-will, and whether or not you initiated the discussion or sought out the contact; or

(ii) solicit, contact or attempt to persuade any current or prospective customer of the Company, in each case with respect to which you had business contact or accessed Confidential Information during your employment, to terminate or materially alter such customers or prospective customers relationship with the Company; or

(iii) solicit or assist in the solicitation of any current or prospective customer, in each case with respect to which you had business contact or accessed Confidential Information during your employment, to induce or attempt to induce any such customer or prospective customer to purchase or contract for any Competing Services. Competing Services means any product, service, or process or the research or development thereof, of any person or entity other than the Company or any Company Entity that directly competes, in whole or part, with a product, service, or process, including the research and development thereof, of the Company.

7. Non-Disparagement. You agree and covenant that you will not, during your employment with the Company and for twelve (12) months following the later of the date you cease to be a member of the Board or your termination of employment with the Company, make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Company Entities or their businesses, or any of their employees, officers, and existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors and other associated third parties that could materially affect the business of the Company or the reputation of the Company or such individuals. The Company agrees and covenants that it will instruct the Companys named executive officers and the members of the Board (in each case as of the date of this letter agreement) not to at any time during which the preceding sentence is in effect make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning you that could materially affect your reputation. This paragraph does not, in any way, restrict or impede you from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation, or order, including your right to engage in protected activity under the National Labor Relations Act, government whistleblower programs and whistleblowing statutes or regulations.

6

8. Remedies. 

(a) You acknowledge that, in view of the nature of the business of the Company Entities and your position with the Company, the restrictions contained in paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 of this letter agreement, are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company Entities, including their Confidential Information and goodwill, and that any violation of paragraphs 5, 6 or 7 of this letter agreement will result in irreparable injury to the Company Entities. Accordingly, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by you of paragraphs 5, 6 or 7 of this letter agreement, the Company may seek a temporary restraining order and injunctive relief restraining you from the commission of any breach (without being obligated to post a bond or other collateral). Nothing contained in this letter agreement shall be construed as prohibiting the Company from pursuing any other remedies available to it for any breach or threatened breach, including, without limitation, the recovery of money damages. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or any other provision of this letter agreement to the contrary, monetary damages under this paragraph 8 relating to a breach of paragraphs 6 or 7 of this letter agreement shall be limited to the amounts paid or payable under paragraph 4 of this letter agreement. The existence of any claim or cause of action by you against the Company, whether predicated on this letter agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 of this letter agreement.

(b) You acknowledge that the restrictions imposed by this letter agreement are legitimate, reasonable and necessary to protect the Companys investment in its Confidential Information, businesses, customer relationships and the goodwill thereof. You acknowledge that the scope and duration of the restrictions contained herein are necessary and reasonable in light of your position with the Company, your reputation in the markets for the Companys business and your relationship with the suppliers, customers and clients of the Company obtained through your employment with the Company. Nonetheless, the courts shall be entitled to modify the duration and scope of any restriction contained herein to the extent such restriction would otherwise be unenforceable, and such restriction as modified shall be enforceable. For purposes of paragraph 6, the Restricted Period shall not expire and shall be tolled during any period in which you are in violation of paragraph 6, and therefore such Restricted Period under paragraph 6 shall be extended for a period equal to the duration of my violations thereof.

7

(c) You acknowledge and agree that the foregoing restrictions of paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 of this letter agreement (i) are supported by valuable consideration; (ii) do not impose any restraint that is greater than is required for the protection of the Company and the other Company Entities; (iii) does not and will not impose an undue hardship on you; and (iv) impose only those restrictions that are appropriate in light of the valuable consideration given in support of this letter agreement. You further acknowledge and confirm that you have been represented by counsel in reviewing, negotiating and accepting all terms and conditions of this letter agreement, including in particular the restrictions set forth in paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 of this letter agreement.

9. Clawback Provisions. You acknowledge and agree that you are bound by the Companys Compensation Recovery Policy dated October 25, 2023, as the same may be modified or amended as required by law or an applicable rule promulgated by the securities exchange on which the Companys stock is listed.

10. Withholding. The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state, and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation.

11. Section 409A. The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this letter agreement be exempt from, or comply with, the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations and other guidance of the Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A), and accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this letter agreement shall be interpreted to be exempt therefrom or in compliance therewith. Each installment payment hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment as defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-2(b)(2). If you are a specified employee on the date of your separation from service (as such terms are defined under Section 409A) and if any portion of the Transition Payments or other amounts or benefits payable under paragraph 5 hereof would be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A, all such Transition Payments or other amounts or benefits (other than payments that satisfy the short-term deferral rule, as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4), or that are treated as separation pay under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) or 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v) or satisfy another exception under Section 409A) shall not be paid or commence to be paid on any date prior to the first business day after the date that is six months following your separation from service.

12. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This letter agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this letter shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in the State of New Jersey. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue.

8

13. Entire Agreement. This letter agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all agreements and understandings (whether oral or written) between the parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof. This letter agreement may be modified by the parties hereto only by a written supplemental agreement executed by both parties.

14. Counterparts. This letter agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Kindly sign your name at the end of this letter agreement to signify your understanding and acceptance of these terms. 

Dan, on behalf of the Board, we thank you for your many years of dedicated service and excellent leadership.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Lynn Hutkin

Lynn Hutkin

Vice President of Financial Reporting and Investor Relations

Agreed and accepted:

/s/ Daniel Bernstein

Daniel Bernstein

Dated: February 3, 2025

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_774994.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
HTML Editor

Exhibit 10.3

February 3, 2025

Mr. Daniel Bernstein

Chief Executive Officer

Bel Fuse, Inc.

300 Executive Drive, Suite 300

West Orange, New Jersey

Dear Dan,

Letter of Appointment

The Board of Directors (the Board) of Bel Fuse Inc. (the Company) is extremely pleased that you have accepted our offer to lead our Board as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board (Chairman). In addition, the Board is pleased to inform you that the Board will support your nomination for an additional three-year term as a member of the Board at the Companys 2025 Meeting of Shareholders.

This letter sets out the main terms of your remuneration and your anticipated responsibilities as Chairman. It is understood and agreed that this is a contract for personal services and will not be a contract of employment.

1. APPOINTMENT

1.1 Subject to the remaining provisions of this letter, your appointment as Chairman will commence on the date of the Companys 2025 Meeting of Shareholders (the Effective Date) and continue for a term ending on the earlier of (i) the date of the Companys 2027 Meeting of Shareholders, or (ii) the date you cease to be a director of the Board (the Term). The Board may invite you to serve as Chairman for an additional period. Should the Board do so, this letter of appointment will automatically renew for such further period of appointment as approved by the Board and the term specified in this paragraph 1.1 shall be deemed to be extended accordingly.

1.2 Your appointment is subject to the Bylaws of the Company, as amended from time to time (the Bylaws), as well as all applicable laws or regulations. Nothing in this letter shall be taken to exclude or vary the terms of the Bylaws as they apply to you as a director of the Company.

1.3 Upon the termination of your appointment as a director, you shall only be entitled to accrued fees as at the date of termination together with reimbursement of any reasonable and documented expenses properly incurred prior to that date.

1

1.4 You will receive notice of all Board meetings in accordance with the Companys bylaws and as required by applicable law, except for meetings or sessions of meetings required to be attended only by independent Board members as required under any law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement.

2. ROLE AND DUTIES

2.1 As Chairman, you shall have the same general legal responsibilities to the Company as any other director.

2.2 In your role as Chairman, you shall also be required to:

(a) Attend and chair Board and shareholder meetings;

(b) Shape and oversee Board meeting agendas, ensuring alignment with key governance and strategic priorities;

(c) Lead executive sessions of independent Directors, provided that the Board and the independent directors reserve the right to have meetings attended solely by independent directors and in no event shall you be permitted to vote on a matter requiring a vote solely by independent directors except as permitted by counsel to the Board or the Company. Your participation in executive sessions of the Board shall be further limited to the extent necessary to ensure compliance with applicable law, regulations and stock exchange listing standards;

(d) Take reasonable measures to enable the Board to address key governance and strategic issues;

(e) Facilitate effective communication among Board members;

(f) Promote effective communication between executive and non-executive directors; and

(g) Carry out such other duties commensurate with the position as may be reasonably requested by the Board or are customary for the position of Chairman.

3. FEES

3.1 For your service as a non-executive member of the Board during the first year of the Term, you shall be paid an annual cash retainer fee equal to forty thousand dollars ($40,000). Thereafter, for your service as a non-executive member of the Board, you will receive the then prevailing Board retainer fee. The annual cash retainer fee shall be paid quarterly in the manner applicable to such retainers payable to other members of the Board. 

3.2 During the Term, you will receive an annual Chair premium of $50,000 payable in the same manner as the retainer set forth in paragraph 3.1. 

2

3.3 In addition, on or as soon as administratively practicable following the Effective Date and on each annual anniversary of the Effective Date thereafter (each an Equity Retainer Date) for as long as you are a non-executive member of the Board, you shall receive an annual equity retainer in an amount, payable in shares of the Companys Class B Common Stock (Class B Shares), equal to the greater of (i) 1,000 Class B Shares, or (ii) a number of Class B Shares having a fair market value (determined based on the closing price of such stock on the respective Equity Retainer Date) equal to the then prevailing Board annual equity retainer fee (currently seventy thousand dollars ($70,000)). Each annual equity retainer shall be subject to such vesting conditions as are applicable to equity retainers of non-executive members of the Board generally. 

3.4 The Company shall reimburse you for all reasonable and properly documented expenses that you incur in performing the duties of your office.

3.5 Board retainer fees shall be prorated for partial years of service on the Board.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY

Since you will be exposed to Confidential Information (as defined below) through your service on the Board, you hereby agree that you will not use or disclose any Confidential Information at any time for any reason (except as must be disclosed to enable you to properly perform your duties to the Company and its subsidiaries). For purposes of this letter, Confidential Information means all writings, equipment, financial information, business plans, customer lists, the identity of or other facts relating to prospective customers, referral sources, inventory lists, computer programs, other material embodying trade secrets, customer or product information, technical or business information or any other confidential information of the Company or its subsidiaries. Nothing in this letter agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such section.

All information acquired by you prior to and during your appointment as Chairman is confidential to the Company and may not be disclosed to third parties or used for any reason other than in the interests of the Company, either before, during or following termination of your appointment (by whatever means), without prior written approval from the CEO or the Companys General Counsel.

5. INSURANCE

The Company will maintain reasonable directors and officers liability insurance on behalf of the members of the Board, and you will be entitled to the benefits of indemnification and exculpation to the fullest extent permitted by law as set forth in the Companys Bylaws.

6. TAX MATTERS

6.1 All fees payable to you by the Company in your capacity as a non-employee director of the Board shall be subject to all applicable withholding taxes and any other amounts required by law to be withheld.

3

6.2 The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this letter agreement be exempt from, or comply with, the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations and other guidance of the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A), and accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this letter agreement shall be interpreted to be exempt therefrom or in compliance therewith.

7. MISCELLANEOUS

7.1 This letter agreement constitutes the entire terms and conditions of your appointment as Chairman and supersedes all previous discussions, correspondence, negotiations, arrangements, understandings and agreements between you and the Company relating to its subject matter.

7.2 This letter agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

7.3 This letter agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this letter shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in the State of New Jersey. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue.

Dan, we are excited to have you be Chairman and for your continued invaluable leadership and stewardship of the Company. Kindly countersign this letter below and return to me to accept the terms of this letter agreement.

Yours sincerely,

/s/ Lynn Hutkin

Lynn Hutkin

Vice President of Financial Reporting and Investor Relations

I agree to the above terms of my appointment as Chairman.

Daniel Bernstein

/s/ Daniel Bernstein

Date: February 3, 2025

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex_774995.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
HTML Editor

Exhibit 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 

Bel Fuse Inc.

300 Executive Drive

Suite 300

West Orange, NJ 07052

www.belfuse.com

tel 201.432.0463

Farouq Tuweiq to Succeed Daniel Bernstein

as CEO of Bel Fuse Inc. in May 2025

WEST ORANGE, N.J., Feb. 03, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)The Board of Directors of Bel Fuse Inc. (Nasdaq: BELFA and BELFB) (Bel or the Company) today announced an upcoming transition in the Chief Executive Officer position at Bel.After 24 years as Bels Chief Executive Officer and 46 total years of service at the Company, Daniel Bernstein will step down as President and CEO effective immediately following Bels 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, currently scheduled for May 27, 2025. Bernstein will transition to the role of Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors on that same date.

As part of the leadership change, Bels Board of Directors has appointed Farouq Tuweiq to serve as the Companys next President and CEO, effective immediately following Bels 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Tuweiq will vacate his current role as Chief Financial Officer on that same date, with the Board having initiated a search process to identify a successor CFO for the Company. The Board of Directors has also approved the expansion of Bels Board to ten directors and appointed Tuweiq as a director on Bels Board, with such expansion and appointment to be effective on the date of Bels annual shareholder meeting scheduled for May 27, 2025.

Bernsteins distinguished career defined by growth and diversification

Under Dan Bernsteins leadership since 2001, the Company completed 19 acquisitions, growing sales from less than $100 million to over $600 million. In building upon the solid customer relationships, brand reputation and quality products that his father, Elliot Bernstein (Bels founder) developed during his tenure, Dans strategy has been to grow and diversify Bel, from each of a product, end market and geographic perspective. This transformation of products developed and end markets served has provided Bel with a strong foundation which has served the Company well during challenging times over the years. Most recently, Dan has been engaged in preparing Bel for its next chapter through his partnership with Farouq. Over the past two years, Bel has reached record levels of profitability and a stock price valuation not previously seen in Bels 76-year history.

Its been an honor to serve as Bels CEO over the past two decades and to witness the many accomplishments and new milestones reached together as a global team. With our celebration of 75 years in business now complete, the time is right for a transition to the next generation of Bel leadership. I have a deep sense of pride and gratitude for Bel and our dedicated group of associates around the world who have made Bel's growth and success possible. I look forward to my new role as Chairman of Bels Board of Directors and supporting Farouq in any manner he feels advisable, said Bernstein.

Farouq Tuweiq, Chief Financial Officer, to become new CEO

On May 27, 2025, Tuweiq will become Bels President and CEO. Tuweiq joined Bel in 2021 as the Companys Chief Financial Officer. During the past four years, he has been instrumental in transforming Bels corporate strategy and financial discipline which have been strong drivers in leading to Bels record performance. From his start, Tuweiq has been a strategic partner with Bernstein and the executive team, capitalizing on the solid foundation of Bels quality products and customer base that Bernstein has built over the years.

I could not be more proud of the executive teams collective achievements over these past four years, said Daniel Bernstein. Farouq has brought a new perspective and a high level of accountability to the management of the Company. As my father passed the reins to me in 2001, I am now honored to be the one passing the torch to the next generation. Having seen Farouqs and the executive teams drive for excellence and their success in motivating the global team to work together in transforming Bel financially, I could not be more excited for the future of Bel under Farouqs leadership.

I am humbled and honored to accept the role of President and CEO, Tuweiq said. It has been a pleasure working alongside Dan for the past four years. It is clear the deep values that have been instilled in the Company from the early days of his father and I appreciate the trust that is being placed in me to continue the Bernstein legacy. I want to pay a special thank you to Dan for his partnership and mentorship over these past few years. It was this teamwork and mutual desire for change that led to Bels transformation and success. Im confident that with our talented associates around the world, we will continue the momentum that Dan has created during his tenure.

Peter Gilbert, Lead Director of Bels Board, commented, On behalf of the Board of Directors, we want to express our deepest gratitude for Dans years of dedicated leadership and service to the Company and we are delighted to have him assume the role as Chairman of the Board of Directors. We also wish Farouq continued success in his new role and are excited to work closely with him as he continues to apply his vision, skills and passion in guiding the Company to cross new milestones and achieve new heights.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>belfb-20250203.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>belfb-20250203_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>belfb-20250203_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

ClassACommonStock010ParValue Custom [Member] 

ClassBCommonStock010ParValue Custom [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>belfb-20250203_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image00001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>logo.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Feb. 03, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name BEL FUSE INC /NJ

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Feb. 03, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code NJ

Entity, File Number 0-11676

Entity, Tax Identification Number 22-1463699

Entity, Address, Address Line One 300 Executive Drive

Entity, Address, City or Town West Orange

Entity, Address, State or Province NJ

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 07052

City Area Code 201

Local Phone Number 432-0463

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0000729580

ClassACommonStock010ParValue Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock ($0.10 par value)

Trading Symbol BELFA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

ClassBCommonStock010ParValue Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class B Common Stock ($0.10 par value)

Trading Symbol BELFB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=belfb_ClassACommonStock010ParValueCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=belfb_ClassBCommonStock010ParValueCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.belfb.com/20250203/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

belfb-20250203.xsd 
belfb-20250203_def.xml 
belfb-20250203_lab.xml 
belfb-20250203_pre.xml 
belfb20250128_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-003119-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>belfb20250128_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000729580 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

0000729580 

belfb:ClassACommonStock010ParValueCustomMember 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

0000729580 

belfb:ClassBCommonStock010ParValueCustomMember 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

false 
0000729580 
8-K 
2025-02-03 
BEL FUSE INC /NJ 
NJ 
0-11676 
22-1463699 
300 Executive Drive 
West Orange 
NJ 
07052 
201 
432-0463 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock ($0.10 par value) 
BELFA 
NASDAQ 
Class B Common Stock ($0.10 par value) 
BELFB 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>