<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-034374.txt : 20250423
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-034374.hdr.sgml : 20250423
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250423092947
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-034374
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250422
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250423
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250423

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cantor Equity Partners, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865602
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				981576482
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42250
		FILM NUMBER:		25859458

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-610-2307

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CF Acquisition Corp. A
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230627

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CF International Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210603
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0239222-8k425_cantor.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000186560200018656022025-04-222025-04-22iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 23, 2025 (April 22, 2025)

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42250 98-1576482

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY10022

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 938-5000

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share CEP The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure

On April 23, 2025, Cantor
Equity Partners, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempt company (the Company), and Twenty One Capital, Inc., a Texas corporation
(Pubco), issued a press release announcing that they had entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business
Combination Agreement), dated as of April 22, 2025, with Twenty One Merger Sub D, a Cayman Islands exempted company (SPAC
Merger Sub), Twenty One Assets, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Twenty One), Tether Investments, S.A.
de C.V., an El Salvador Sociedad annima de capital variable (Tether), iFinex, Inc., a British Virgin Islands company
(Bitfinex), and solely for the purposes of certain provisions in the Business Combination Agreement, Stellar Beacon LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (SoftBank). A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated
herein by reference.

Pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby,
(a) the Company will merge with and into SPAC Merger Sub with SPAC Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity (the SPAC Merger),
and with Company shareholders receiving one share of Pubco Class A common stock for each Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per
share, of the Company (the Class A ordinary shares) held by such shareholder, and (b) Twenty One will merge with and into
a Delaware corporation to be formed by the Company after the date hereof (Twenty One Merger Sub), with Twenty One Merger
Sub continuing as the surviving company (the Twenty One Merger, and together with SPAC Merger, the Mergers),
and with members of Twenty One receiving shares of Pubco common stock in exchange for their membership interests in Twenty One. As a result
of the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination),
SPAC Merger Sub and Twenty One Merger Sub will become wholly-owned subsidiaries of Pubco and Pubco will become a publicly traded company,
all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. Tether and Bitfinex will contribute
an aggregate of 31,500 Bitcoin to Twenty One, and Softbank will purchase a certain number of shares of Pubco common stock from Tether,
such that immediately following the closing of the Mergers, Pubco will be majority-owned by Tether and Bitfinex, with a significant minority
ownership by SoftBank. Tether has also agreed to purchase additional Bitcoin that it will sell at the closing to Pubco for additional
shares of Pubco in an amount equal to 10,500 less any Bitcoin contributed by Equity PIPE Investors (as defined below), the Initial PIPE
Bitcoin (as defined below) and the Option PIPE Bitcoin (as defined below), such that Pubco will own at least 42,000 Bitcoin upon the closing
of the Business Combination.

Contemporaneously with the
execution of the Business Combination Agreement, (a) certain investors, Cantor EP Holdings, LLC (the Sponsor) and Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co. (CF&Co. and, together with such investors and the Sponsor, the Convertible Note Investors)
have agreed to make a private investment in Pubco by purchasing convertible notes (Convertible Notes) with an aggregate
principal amount of $385 million (the Initial Convertible Notes PIPE), pursuant to subscription agreements for the Convertible
Notes PIPE (the Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements) or, with respect to the Sponsor and CF&Co., other agreements
with the Company and Pubco, and (b) certain investors (the Equity PIPE Investors) have agreed to make a private investment
in the Company by purchasing Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate amount of $200 million, payable in either cash or
Bitcoin (the Equity PIPE), pursuant to subscription agreements for the Equity PIPE (the Equity PIPE Subscription
Agreements and, together with the Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements, the PIPE Subscription Agreements). Pubco
has also granted the Convertible Note Investors an option to purchase additional Convertible Notes in an aggregate amount of up to $100
million, exercisable within thirty (30) days of the date hereof (the Convertible Notes Option and together with the Initial
Convertible Notes PIPE, the Convertible Notes PIPE and, together with the Equity PIPE, the PIPE Investments
and, together with the Business Combination, the Proposed Transactions). The net proceeds from the PIPE Investments will
be used by Pubco to purchase Bitcoin, with the balance to be used by Pubco for transaction expenses, working capital and general corporate
purposes. Tether has agreed to purchase such Bitcoin in respect of the commitment made as of the date hereof (the Initial PIPE
Bitcoin) within ten (10) business days of the date hereof and in respect of the Convertible Notes Option (the Option PIPE
Bitcoin), within ten (10) business days of the end of the period during which the Convertible Note Investors may exercise the Convertible
Notes Option. The Initial PIPE Bitcoin and the Option PIPE Bitcoin will be sold by Tether to Pubco at the closing of the Mergers with
the net proceeds of the PIPE Investments.

1

Attached as Exhibit 99.2 and
Exhibit 99.3 and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference herein are the investor presentations for the Convertible Notes PIPE and
the Equity PIPE, respectively, which investor presentations will be used by the Company, Pubco and Twenty One with respect to the Business
Combination.

The information in this Item
7.01, including Exhibits 99.1, 99.2 and 99.3, is furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section,
and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act) or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings. This Current Report
on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any of the information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1,
99.2 or 99.3.

Additional Information and Where to Find
It 

Pubco and the Company intend
to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (as may be amended, the
Registration Statement), which will include a preliminary proxy statement of the Company and a prospectus (the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus) in connection with the Proposed Transactions. The definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents
will be mailed to shareholders of the Company as of a record date to be established for voting on the Business Combination and other matters
as described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. The Company and/or Pubco will also file other documents regarding the Business Combination
with the SEC. This Current Report does not contain all of the information that should be considered concerning the Proposed Transactions
and is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision or any other decision in respect of the Proposed Transactions or the
PIPE Investments. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION, SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AND OTHER INTERESTED PARTIES ARE URGED
TO READ, WHEN AVAILABLE, THE PRELIMINARY PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, AND AMENDMENTS THERETO, AND THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS
AND ALL OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED OR THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMPANYS SOLICITATION OF PROXIES
FOR THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD TO APPROVE THE BUSINESS COMBINATION AND OTHER MATTERS AS DESCRIBED
IN THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS BECAUSE THESE DOCUMENTS WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY, PUBCO AND THE PROPOSED
TRANSACTIONS. Investors and security holders will also be able to obtain copies of the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
and all other documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by the Company and Pubco, without charge, once available, on the SECs
website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: Cantor Equity Partners, Inc., 110 East 59th Street, New York, NY 10022; e-mail:
CantorEquityPartners@cantor.com, or upon written request to Twenty One Capital, Inc.,
via email at info@xxi.money, respectively.

NEITHER THE SEC NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES REGULATORY
AGENCY HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN, PASSED UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE BUSINESS COMBINATION
OR ANY RELATED TRANSACTIONS OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THE DISCLOSURE IN THIS CURRENT REPORT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE
CONTRARY CONSTITUTES A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

The Convertible
Notes and the Class A ordinary shares of the Company to be issued in the PIPE Investment have not been registered under the Securities
Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act.

2

Participants in the Solicitation

The
Company, Pubco and their respective directors, executive officers, certain of their shareholders and other members of management and employees
may be deemed under SEC rules to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the Companys shareholders in connection with
the Proposed Transactions. A list of the names of such persons, and information regarding their interests in the Proposed Transactions
and their ownership of the Companys securities are, or will be, contained in the Companys filings with the SEC, including
the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on March 28, 2025. Additional information
regarding the interests of the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies of the Companys
shareholders in connection with the Proposed Transactions, including the names and interests of Pubcos directors and executive
officers, will be set forth in the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which is expected to be filed by Pubco and the
Company with the SEC. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of these documents as described above. 

No Offer or Solicitation

This Current Report on Form
8-K and the information contained herein is for informational purposes only and is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent
or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Proposed Transactions
and shall not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange the securities of the
Company or Pubco, or any commodity or instrument or related derivative, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any
state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements
of the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom. Investors should consult with their counsel as to the applicable requirements for a purchaser
to avail itself of any exemption under the Securities Act.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form
8-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws with respect to the Proposed Transactions
involving Pubco and the Company, including expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, plans, prospects, financial results or strategies
regarding Pubco, the Company and the Proposed Transactions and statements regarding the anticipated benefits and timing of the completion
of the Proposed Transactions , the assets held by Pubco, the price and volatility of Bitcoin, Bitcoins growing prominence as a
digital asset and as the foundation of a new financial system, Pubcos listing on any securities exchange, the macro and political
conditions surrounding Bitcoin, the planned business strategy including Pubcos ability to develop a corporate architecture capable
of supporting financial products built with and on Bitcoin including native lending models, capital market instruments, and future innovations
that will replace legacy financial tools with Bitcoin-aligned alternatives, plans and use of proceeds, objectives of management for future
operations of Pubco, the upside potential and opportunity for investors, Pubcos plan for value creation and strategic advantages,
market size and growth opportunities, regulatory conditions, technological and market trends, future financial condition and performance
and expected financial impacts of the Proposed Transactions, the satisfaction of closing conditions to the Proposed Transactions and the
level of redemptions of the Companys public shareholders, and Pubcos expectations, intentions, strategies, assumptions or
beliefs about future events, results of operations or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. These forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate,
estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, potential,
plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will
continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and
other statements about future events or conditions that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject
to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in
this Current Report on Form 8-K, including, but not limited to: the risk that the Proposed Transactions may not be completed in a timely
manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of the Companys securities;
the risk that the Proposed Transactions may not be completed by the Companys business
combination deadline; the failure by the parties to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the Business Combination, including
the approval of the Companys shareholders, or either of the PIPE Investments; failure
to realize the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Transactions; the level of redemptions of the
Companys public shareholders which may reduce the public float of, reduce the liquidity of the trading market of, and/or
maintain the quotation, listing, or trading of the Class A ordinary shares of the Company or the shares of Class A common stock of Pubco;
the lack of a third-party fairness opinion in determining whether or not to pursue the Business Combination; the failure of Pubco to obtain
or maintain the listing of its securities on any securities exchange after closing of the Proposed Transactions; costs related to the
Proposed Transactions and as a result of becoming a public company; changes in business, market, financial, political and regulatory conditions;
risks relating to Pubcos anticipated operations and business, including the highly volatile nature of the price of Bitcoin; the
risk that Pubcos stock price will be highly correlated to the price of Bitcoin and the price of Bitcoin may decrease between the
signing of the definitive documents for the Proposed Transactions and the closing of the Proposed Transactions or at any time after the
closing of the Proposed Transactions; risks related to increased competition in the industries in which Pubco will operate; risks relating
to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty regarding Bitcoin; risks relating to the treatment of crypto assets
for U.S. and foreign tax purposes; risks that after consummation of the Proposed Transactions, Pubco experiences difficulties managing
its growth and expanding operations; the risks that growing Pubcos learning programs and educational content could be difficult;
challenges in implementing Pubcos business plan including Bitcoin-related financial and advisory services, due to operational challenges,
significant competition and regulation; being considered to be a shell company by any stock exchange on which Pubcos
Class A common stock will be listed or by the SEC, which may impact Pubcos ability to list Pubcos Class A common stock and
restrict reliance on certain rules or forms in connection with the offering, sale or resale of securities; the outcome of any potential
legal proceedings that may be instituted against Pubco, the Company or others following announcement
of the Proposed Transactions, and those risk factors discussed in documents that Pubco and/or the
Company filed, or that will be filed, with the SEC.

3

The foregoing list of risk
factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the
Risk Factors section of the final prospectus of the Company dated as of August 12, 2024 and filed by the Company with the
SEC on August 13, 2024, the Companys Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, the
Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Registration Statement that will be filed by Pubco and the
Company and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus contained therein, and other documents filed by the
Company and Pubco from time to time with the SEC. These filings do or will identify and address other important risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. There may be additional
risks that neither the Company nor Pubco presently know or that the
Company and Pubco currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking
statements.

Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and each of the
Company and Pubco assume no obligation and do not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events, or otherwise. Neither the Company nor Pubco gives any
assurance that either the Company or Pubco will achieve its expectations. The inclusion of
any statement in this communication does not constitute an admission by the Company or Pubco or any other person that the events or circumstances
described in such statement are material.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Press Release, dated April 23, 2025.

99.2 Form of Convertible Notes PIPE Investor Presentation.

99.3 Form of Equity PIPE Investor Presentation.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

4

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 23, 2025

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC.

By: /s/ Brandon Lutnick

Name: Brandon Lutnick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023922201ex99-1_cantor.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED APRIL 23, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Tether, SoftBank Group, and Jack Mallers launch
Twenty One, a Bitcoin-native Company, through a business combination with Cantor Equity Partners

Backed by Tether and SoftBank Group, Twenty One is expected to launch
with over 42,000 Bitcoin and a mission to maximize Bitcoin Ownership Per Share

Co-founder Jack Mallers will lead Twenty One as CEO 

Twenty One is expected to offer investors a singular vehicle for
Bitcoin exposure, pro-Bitcoin advocacy, and Bitcoin-focused content and media with plans to explore future expansion into Bitcoin-native
financial products.

Austin, Texas -- April 23, 2025 -- Twenty One Capital, Inc. (Twenty
One or the Company), a newly formed entity, today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement for a business
combination with Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. (CEP) (Nasdaq: CEP) (the Business Combination), a special-purpose
acquisition company (SPAC) sponsored by an affiliate of Cantor Fitzgerald, a leading global financial services and real estate services
holding company.

At the closing of the Business Combination, Twenty One will be majority-owned
by Tether, co-founder of Twenty One and the worlds largest stablecoin issuer, and Bitfinex, with significant minority ownership
by SoftBank Group Corp. (SoftBank Group), one of the worlds leading investment holding companies.

Twenty
One and CEP have also entered into subscription agreements with investors to raise, at closing, $585 million of total additional capital
consisting of (i) $385 million through convertible senior secured notes and (ii) $200 million through a common equity PIPE financing (the
PIPE Offerings, and together with the Business Combination, the Proposed Transactions).
The net proceeds from the PIPE Offerings, which will close contemporaneously with the Business Combination, will be used to purchase additional
Bitcoin and for general corporate purposes. Twenty One expects to launch with more than 42,000 Bitcoin, which would make it the third-largest
Bitcoin treasury in the world as of today.

A New Era: Measuring Success in Bitcoin

Twenty One is built to accumulate Bitcoin and grow ownership per share,
not just track it.

As part of its launch, Twenty One will introduce two key performance
metrics, to reflect its Bitcoin-denominated capital structure and Bitcoin-focused mindset.

Bitcoin
Per Share (BPS): Amount of Bitcoin each fully-diluted share represents, reflecting shareholder ownership in Bitcoin rather than fiat
earnings per share

Bitcoin
Return Rate (BRR): Rate at which BPS grows over time, denominating the companys performance in Bitcoin

Led by Seasoned Founder with Deep Bitcoin Expertise 

Twenty One will be led by Co-Founder and CEO Jack Mallers, who
has been instrumental in furthering Bitcoins adoption by institutions, corporations, and governments worldwide, and will continue
with his existing roles and responsibilities. As the Founder and CEO of Strike, he has built one of the worlds leading digital
payment providers on Bitcoins Lightning Network, pioneering Bitcoin brokerage infrastructure and Bitcoins integration into
corporate balance sheets.

Markets need reliable money to measure value and allocate capital
efficiently, said Jack Mallers, Co-Founder and CEO of Twenty One. We believe that Bitcoin is the answer, and Twenty
One is how we bring that answer to public markets. Our mission is simple: to become the most successful company in Bitcoin, the most valuable
financial opportunity of our time. Were not here to beat the market, were here to build a new one. A public stock, built
by Bitcoiners, for Bitcoiners.

Bitcoin is one of the only truly decentralized, immutable, and
censorship-resistant asset, and its role as the foundation of a new financial system is inevitable, said Paolo Ardoino, CEO
of Tether. With Jack at the helm, we are proud to support this effort to further Bitcoins adoption and reinforce its
role as the ultimate store of value. At Tether, we have always believed in supporting initiatives that strengthen Bitcoins dominance
and real-world utility. Twenty One will take a Bitcoin-first approach that aligns with our visionprioritizing accumulation over
speculation and building long-term value for those who understand what Bitcoin represents.

Pioneering Bitcoin-native Financial Solutions

Twenty One is structured to be a day one Bitcoin-native company that
will strategically allocate capital to increase Bitcoin per share. Twenty One intends to develop a corporate architecture capable of supporting
financial products built with and on Bitcoin. This includes native lending models, capital market instruments, and future innovations
that will replace legacy financial tools with Bitcoin-aligned alternatives. As a pro-Bitcoin advocate, Twenty One plans to produce original
Bitcoin-focused content and media. This pure-play approach will offer investors access to a public company that combines Bitcoin exposure
with an operating business building Bitcoin-native products and services.

Cantors relationships with innovative partners are key
to unlocking unique opportunities, and we are proud of our role in this extraordinary collaboration between Tether, a foundation for todays
digital asset ecosystem, and SoftBank, one of the worlds preeminent investors, said Brandon Lutnick, Chairman & CEO
of Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. and Chairman of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. With a visionary leader at the helm and backing from
two renowned industry leaders, Twenty One is designed to help investors capture value from Bitcoins growing global demand and increasing
institutional adoption.

Terms of the Transaction

Shares of Cantor Equity Partners will continue to trade on Nasdaq under
the symbol CEP until the closing of the Transaction. Twenty One will seek to trade after closing under the ticker symbol
XXI.

The Board of Directors of each of Twenty One and CEP has unanimously
approved the transaction. The transaction will require the approval of the shareholders of CEP and is subject to customary closing conditions.

2

The transaction values Twenty One at a pro-forma enterprise value of
$3.6 billion, based on a Bitcoin spot price of $84,863.57 (a 10-day average CME CF BRRNY price) as of April 21, 2025. The transaction
is expected to provide approximately $540 million in proceeds to Twenty One, including from a fully committed convertible senior secured
notes PIPE of $385 million, convertible at $13.00 per share, a fully committed common equity PIPE of $200 million at $10.00 per share,
and $100 million of cash held in the trust account of CEP, assuming no redemptions and prior to accounting for transaction expenses and
interest accrued on the CEP trust account. Up to an additional $100 million of convertible senior secured notes may be purchased, at the
investors option (the Convertible Notes Option), within 30 days of the date hereof, which may generate additional
proceeds.

Tether
has also agreed to purchase Bitcoin in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of the convertible senior secured notes and equity PIPE
offerings, less transaction expenses and certain other amounts, within 10 business days of the date hereof, plus additional Bitcoin to
the extent investors elect to exercise their Convertible Notes Option.
This Bitcoin will then be purchased by Twenty One upon closing using the proceeds of the PIPE offerings at a purchase price equal to the
amount paid by Tether for such Bitcoin.

Additional information about the Business Combination and the PIPE
Offerings, including a copy of the business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement) and investor presentations,
will be available in a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by CEP with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
and at www.sec.gov.

Advisors

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. is acting as financial and capital markets
advisor to CEP. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP is acting as legal advisor to CEP.

Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom (UK) LLP is acting as legal
advisor to Twenty One and Tether.

Sullivan & Cromwell LLP is acting as legal advisor to SoftBank
Group.

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. served as placement agent for the convertible
senior secured note and common equity PIPE financings.

About Twenty One

At closing, Twenty One will become the first Bitcoin-native public
company, built to maximize Bitcoin ownership per share. Twenty One aims to be the most effective public vehicle for Bitcoin accumulation
and monetization, with a mission to accelerate Bitcoin adoption and Bitcoin literacy, and a pursuit of strategies to develop a range of
Bitcoin-related financial and advisory services.

3

About Tether and USD

Tether is a pioneer in the field of stablecoin technology, driven by
an aim to revolutionize the global financial landscape. With a mission to provide accessible and efficient financial, communication, artificial
intelligence, and energy infrastructure. Tether enables greater financial inclusion, and communication resilience, fosters economic growth,
and empowers individuals and businesses alike.

As the creator of the largest, most transparent, and liquid stablecoin
in the industry, Tether is dedicated to building sustainable and resilient infrastructure for the benefit of underserved communities.
By leveraging cutting-edge blockchain and peer-to-peer technology, it is committed to bridging the gap between traditional financial systems
and the potential of decentralized finance.

About SoftBank Group

The SoftBank Group invests in
breakthrough technology to improve the quality of life for people around the world. The SoftBank Group is comprised of SoftBank Group
Corp. (TOKYO: 9984), an investment holding company that includes stakes in AI, smart robotics, IoT, telecommunications, internet services,
and clean energy technology providers, as well as a majority stake in Arm, which is building the future of computing; and the SoftBank
Vision Funds, which are investing to help transform industries and shape new ones. 

About Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. 

Cantor Equity Partners (Nasdaq: CEP) is a special purpose acquisition
company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or other similar
business combination with one or more businesses or entities. CEP is led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brandon Lutnick and sponsored
by an affiliate of Cantor Fitzgerald.

About Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P.

Cantor Fitzgerald, with more than 14,000 employees, is a leading global
financial services and real estate services holding company and a proven and resilient leader for more than 79 years. Its diverse group
of global companies provides a wide range of products and services, including investment banking, asset and investment management, capital
markets, prime services, research, digital assets, data, financial and commodities brokerage, trade execution, clearing, settlement, advisory,
financial technology, custodial, commercial real estate advisory and servicing, and more.

Additional Information and Where to Find It 

Twenty One and CEP intend to file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (as may be amended, the Registration Statement),
which will include a preliminary proxy statement of CEP and a prospectus (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus) in connection
with the Proposed Transactions. The definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents will be mailed to shareholders of CEP as of
a record date to be established for voting on the Proposed Transactions and other matters as described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.
CEP and/or Twenty One will also file other documents regarding the Proposed Transactions with the SEC. This press release does not contain
all of the information that should be considered concerning the Proposed Transactions and is not intended to form the basis of any investment
decision or any other decision in respect of the Proposed Transactions or the PIPE Offerings. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION,
SHAREHOLDERS OF CEP AND OTHER INTERESTED PARTIES ARE URGED TO READ, WHEN AVAILABLE, THE PRELIMINARY PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, AND AMENDMENTS
THERETO, AND THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ALL OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED OR THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION
WITH CEPS SOLICITATION OF PROXIES FOR THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD TO APPROVE THE PROPOSED
TRANSACTIONS AND OTHER MATTERS AS DESCRIBED IN THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS BECAUSE THESE DOCUMENTS WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION
ABOUT CEP, TWENTY ONE AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS. Investors and security holders will also be able to obtain copies of the Registration
Statement and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and all other documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by CEP and Twenty One, without
charge, once available, on the SECs website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: Cantor Equity Partners, Inc., 110
East 59th Street, New York, NY 10022; e-mail: CantorEquityPartners@cantor.com, or upon written request to Twenty One Capital, Inc., via
email at info@xxi.money, respectively.

4

NEITHER
THE SEC NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES REGULATORY AGENCY HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS
DESCRIBED HEREIN, PASSED UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE BUSINESS COMBINATION OR
ANY RELATED TRANSACTIONS OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THE DISCLOSURE IN THIS PRESS RELEASE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY
CONSTITUTES A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

The convertible notes and the Class A ordinary shares to be issued
in the PIPE Offerings have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent
registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933.

Participants in the Solicitation

CEP, Twenty One and their respective directors, executive officers,
certain of their shareholders and other members of management and employees may be deemed under SEC rules to be participants in the solicitation
of proxies from CEPs shareholders in connection with the Proposed Transactions. A list of the names of such persons, and information
regarding their interests in the Proposed Transactions and their ownership of CEPs securities are, or will be, contained in CEPs
filings with the SEC, including CEPs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on March
28, 2025. Additional information regarding the interests of the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation
of proxies of CEPs shareholders in connection with the Proposed Transactions, including the names and interests of Twenty Ones
directors and executive officers, will be set forth in the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which is expected to
be filed by Twenty One and CEP with the SEC. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of these documents as described above.

No Offer or Solicitation

This press release and the information contained herein is for informational
purposes only and is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect
of the potential transactions and shall not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange
the securities of CEP or Twenty One, or any commodity or instrument or related derivative, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting
the requirements of the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom. Investors should consult with their counsel as to the applicable requirements
for a purchaser to avail itself of any exemption under the Securities Act.

5

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws with respect to the Proposed Transactions involving Twenty One and CEP, including expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions, plans, prospects, financial results or strategies regarding Twenty One, CEP and the Proposed Transactions
and statements regarding the anticipated benefits and timing of the completion of the Proposed Transactions, the assets held by Twenty
One, the price and volatility of Bitcoin, Bitcoins growing prominence as a digital asset and as the foundation of a new financial
system, Twenty Ones listing on any securities exchange, the macro and political conditions surrounding Bitcoin, the planned business
strategy including Twenty Ones ability to develop a corporate architecture capable of supporting financial products built with and on
Bitcoin including native lending models, capital market instruments, and future innovations that will replace legacy financial tools with
Bitcoin-aligned alternatives, plans and use of proceeds, objectives of management for future operations of Twenty One, the upside potential
and opportunity for investors, Twenty Ones plan for value creation and strategic advantages, market size and growth opportunities,
regulatory conditions, technological and market trends, future financial condition and performance and expected financial impacts of the
Proposed Transactions, the satisfaction of closing conditions to the Proposed Transactions and the level of redemptions of CEPs
public shareholders, and Twenty Ones expectations, intentions, strategies, assumptions or beliefs about future events, results
of operations or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. These forward-looking statements generally are
identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate,
intend, strategy, future, opportunity, potential, plan,
may, should, will, would, will be, will continue,
will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements
about future events or conditions that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this press release, including,
but not limited to: the risk that the Proposed Transactions may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect
the price of CEPs securities; the risk that the Proposed Transactions may not be completed by CEPs business combination
deadline; the failure by the parties to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the Proposed Transactions, including the approval
of CEPs shareholders, or either of the PIPE Offerings; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Transactions;
the level of redemptions of CEPs public shareholders which may reduce the public float of, reduce the liquidity of the trading
market of, and/or maintain the quotation, listing, or trading of the Class A ordinary shares of CEP or the shares of Class A common stock
of Twenty One; the lack of a third-party fairness opinion in determining whether or not to pursue the Proposed Transactions; the failure
of Twenty One to obtain or maintain the listing of its securities on any securities exchange after closing of the Proposed Transactions;
costs related to the Proposed Transactions and as a result of becoming a public company; changes in business, market, financial, political
and regulatory conditions; risks relating to Twenty Ones anticipated operations and business, including the highly volatile nature
of the price of Bitcoin; the risk that Twenty Ones stock price will be highly correlated to the price of Bitcoin and the price
of Bitcoin may decrease between the signing of the definitive documents for the Proposed Transactions and the closing of the Proposed
Transactions or at any time after the closing of the Proposed Transactions; risks related to increased competition in the industries in
which Twenty One will operate; risks relating to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty regarding Bitcoin;
risks relating to the treatment of crypto assets for U.S. and foreign tax purposes; risks that after consummation of the Proposed Transactions,
Twenty One experiences difficulties managing its growth and expanding operations; the risks that growing Twenty Ones learning programs
and educational content could be difficult; challenges in implementing our business plan including Bitcoin-related financial and advisory
services, due to operational challenges, significant competition and regulation; being considered to be a shell company
by any stock exchange on which Twenty Ones Class A common stock will be listed or by the SEC, which may impact our ability to list
Twenty Ones Class A common stock and restrict reliance on certain rules or forms in connection with the offering, sale or resale
of securities; the outcome of any potential legal proceedings that may be instituted against Twenty One, CEP or others following announcement
of the Proposed Transactions, and those risk factors discussed in documents that Twenty One and/or CEP filed, or that will be filed, with
the SEC.

6

The foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully
consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of the final
prospectus of CEP dated as of August 12, 2024 and filed by CEP with the SEC on August 13, 2024, CEPs Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q, CEPs Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Registration Statement that will be filed by Twenty One and CEP and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
contained therein, and other documents filed by CEP and Twenty One from time to time with the SEC. These filings do or will identify and
address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in
the forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither CEP nor Twenty One presently know or that CEP and Twenty One
currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made.
Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and each of CEP and Twenty One assume no obligation and
do not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Neither CEP nor Twenty One gives any assurance that either CEP or Twenty One will achieve its expectations. The inclusion of any statement
in this communication does not constitute an admission by the Twenty One or CEP or any other person that the events or circumstances described
in such statement are material.

MEDIA CONTACTS 

Twenty One

press@xxi.money

Cantor Fitzgerald

Erica Chase

erica.chase@cantor.com

Tether

press@tether.to

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023922201ex99-2_cantor.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF CONVERTIBLE NOTES PIPE INVESTOR PRESENTATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Project Mystery Investor Presentation April 2025

Disclaimers and Other Important Information This presentation (this Presentation) is being furnished solely to recipients that are qualified institutional buyers as def ined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or institutional accredited investors (as defined in Rule 506 of Regulation D) (any such recipient, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, the Recipient) by Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. (CEP), Twenty - One Assets, LLC. (the Company), and Twenty - One Capital, Inc. ( Pubco and together with CEP and the Company, the Parties) solely for informational purposes of considering the opportunity to par tic ipate in the proposed private placement of convertible notes by Pubco (the Convertible Notes Offering) in connection with a potential business combination among the Parties and related transactions (the Business Combination and t oge ther with a proposed private offering of shares (the Equity PIPE Offering) and the Convertible Notes Offering, the Transactions). By reading this Presentation, the Recipient will be deemed to have agreed to the obligations and restric tio ns set out below. This Presentation and any oral statements made in connection with this Presentation do not constitute an offer to sell, or a sol icitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation to purchase, any securities in any jurisdiction, or the solicitation of any proxy, vote, consent or approval in any jurisdiction, in connection with the Transactions, nor shall there be any sale, issua nce or transfer of any securities in any jurisdiction where, or to any person to whom, such offer, solicitation or sale may be unlawful under the laws of such jurisdiction. This Presentation does not constitute either advice or a recommendation regardi ng any securities. Any offer to sell securities pursuant to the Convertible Notes Offering or the Equity PIPE Offering will be made only pursuant to a definitive subscription agreement and related documentation and will be made in reliance on an exe mpt ion from registration under the Securities Act for offers and sales of securities that do not involve a public offering. Any other solicitation or offering of securities shall be made only by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Sec urities Act or an exemption therefrom. The Parties reserve the right to withdraw or amend for any reason any offering and to reject any subscription agreement for any reason, or for no reason. The communication of this Presentation is restrict ed by law; it is not intended for distribution to, or use by any person in, any jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. The Recipient acknowledges that it is (a) aware that the United States securiti es laws prohibit any person who has material, non - public information concerning a company from purchasing or selling securities of such company or from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reas ona bly foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase or sell such securities, and (b) familiar with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act), an d t hat the Recipient will neither use, nor cause any third party to use, this Presentation or any information contained herein in contravention of the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 10b - 5 thereunder. The convertible notes that ar e to be issued in the Convertible Notes Offering and the Class A ordinary shares to be issued in the Equity PIPE Offering have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. No representations or warranties, express or implied, are given in, or in respect of, this Presentation. This Presentation is su bject to updating, completion, revision, verification and further amendment. None of the Parties or their respective affiliates has authorized anyone to provide interested parties with additional or different information. No securities regula tor y authority has expressed an opinion about the securities discussed in this Presentation or determined if this Presentation is truthful, accurate or complete, and it is an offense to claim otherwise. None of CEP, the Company or Pubco nor any of their respective subsidiaries, equity holders, affiliates, representatives, partners, members, directors, officers , employees, advisers or agents (collectively, Representatives) makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein or any ot her written, oral or other communications transmitted or otherwise made available to the Recipient in the course of its evaluation of the Transactions, and nothing contained herein shall be relied upon as a promise or representation whether as t o t he past or future performance. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Parties nor any of their Representatives shall be responsible or liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or loss of profit arising from the use of this Presentation, its contents, its accuracy or sufficiency, its omissions, its errors, reliance on the information contained within it, or on opinions communicated in relation thereto or otherwise arising in connection therewith. In additio n, the information contained herein does not purport to contain all of the information that may be required to evaluate the Transactions. The information contained in this Presentation is provided as of the date hereof and may change, and none of th e P arties nor any of their Representatives undertakes any obligation to update such information, including in the event that such information becomes inaccurate or incomplete. The general explanations included in this Presentation cannot address , n or is intended to address, your specific investment objectives, financial situations or financial needs. Recipients of this Presentation are not to construe its contents, or any prior or subsequent communications from or with any Par ty or their respective Representatives, as investment, legal or tax advice. In addition, this Presentation does not purport to be all - inclusive or to contain all of the information that may be required to make a full analysis of the Parties and each of the Transactions. Recipients of this Presentation should read the definitive documents for the Convertible Notes Offering or any other Transaction and make their own evaluation of the Parties and the Convertible Notes Offering or any othe r T ransactions and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. You are urged to request any additional information you may consider necessary or desirable in making an informed investment dec ision. You (and your Representative, if any) are invited, prior to the entry into any definitive documentation with respect to the Convertible Notes Offering or the consummation of any other Transaction, to ask questions of, and receive answ ers from, the Parties concerning the Transactions and to obtain additional information regarding the Transactions, to the extent the same can be acquired without unreasonable effort or expense, in order to verify the accuracy of the informatio n c ontained herein. Confidentiality This information is being distributed to you on a confidential basis. By receiving this information, you and your affiliates and Representatives agree to maintain the confidentiality of the information contained herein. Without the express prior written consent of each of the Parties, this Presentation and any information contained within it may not be ( i ) reproduced (in whole or in part), (ii) copied at any time, (iii) used for any purpose other than your evaluation of the Par tie s and the Transactions or (iv) provided to any person except your employees and advisors with a need to know who are advised of the con fid entiality of the information. This Presentation supersedes and replaces all previous oral or written communications between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof. Forward - Looking Statements This Presentation (and any oral statements regarding the subject matter of this Presentation) contains certain forward - looking s tatements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws with respect to the Parties and the Transactions, including expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, plans, prospects, financial results or strategies regarding Pubco , the Company, the Transactions and statements regarding the anticipated benefits and timing of the completion of the Transactions, the assets held by the Company, the price and volatility of Bitcoin, Bitcoins growing prominence as a digital ass et, and as the foundation of a new financial system, Pubco's listing on an applicable securities exchange, the macro and political conditions surrounding Bitcoin, timing of the next Bitcoin halving event planned business strategy including Pubco's ability to grow its shareholders ownership of Bitcoin over time and create, license and produce educational content and Bitcoin - related financial products and advisory services, plans and use of proceeds, objectives of management for future operati ons of the Company, expected operating costs of Pubco and its subsidiaries, the upside potential and opportunity for investors including insulation from movement in the price of Bitcoin and participation in the Convertible Notes Offering or a ny future convertible bonds, Pubco and the Companys plan for value creation and strategic advantages, market size and growth opportunities, regulatory conditions, competitive position and the interest of other corporations in similar business str ategies, technological and market trends, future financial condition and performance and expected financial impacts of the Transactions, the satisfaction of closing conditions to the Transactions and the level of redemptions of CEPs public sha reh olders, and Pubcos expectations, intentions, strategies, assumptions or beliefs about future events, results of operations or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. These forward - looking statements generall y are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, potential, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and s imi lar expressions. 2 Disclaimer

Forward - Looking Statements (Contd) Forward - looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events or conditions that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward - looking statements in this Presentation, including, but not lim ited to: the risk that the Transactions may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of CEPs securities; the risk that the Business Combination may not be completed by CEPs business combination deadline ; t he failure by the Parties to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the Business Combination, including the approval of CEPs shareholders, or either of the Convertible Notes Offering or the Equity PIPE Offering; failure to realize t he anticipated benefits of the Transactions; the level of redemptions of CEPs public shareholders which may reduce the public float of, reduce the liquidity of the trading market of, and/or maintain the quotation, listing, or trading of the Cla ss A ordinary shares of CEP or the shares of Class A common stock of Pubco ; the lack of a third - party fairness opinion in determining whether or not to pursue the Business Combination; the failure of Pubco to obtain or maintain the listing of its securities any stock exchange on which Pubco's Class A Common Stock will be listed after closing of the Business Combination; costs related to the Transactions and as a result of becoming a public company; changes in business, market, fin anc ial, political and regulatory conditions; risks relating to Pubcos anticipated operations and business, including the highly volatile nature of the price of Bitcoin; the risk that Pubcos stock price will be highly correlated to the price of Bitcoin and the price of Bitcoin may decrease between the signing of th e definitive documents for the Transaction and the closing of the Transactions or at any time after the closing of the Transactions; risks related to increased competition in the indus tri es in which Pubco will operate; risks relating to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty regarding Bitcoin; risks relating to the treatment of crypto assets for U.S. and foreign tax purposes; risks that after consu mma tion of the Business Combination, Pubco experiences difficulties managing its growth and expanding operations; the risks that growing Pubcos learning programs and educational content could be difficult; challenges in implementing its business plan including Bitcoin - re lated financial and advisory services, due to operational challenges, significant competition and regulation; being considered to be a shell company by any stock exchange on which the Pubco Class A Common Stock will be listed or by the SEC, which may impact the ability to list Pubco's Class A common stock and restrict reliance on certain rules or forms in connection with the offering, sale or resale of securities; the outcome of any potential legal proc eed ings that may be instituted against the Company, CEP, Pubco or others following announcement of the Business Combination; and those risk factors discussed in documents of Pubco , the Company, or CEP filed, or to be filed, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks an d uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of the final prospectus of CEP dated as of August 12, 2024 and filed by CEP with the SEC on August 13, 2024, CEPs Quarterly Reports on Form 10 - Q, CEPs Annual Report on Form 10 - K to be filed with the SEC and the registration statement on Form S - 4 and proxy statement/prospectus that will be filed by Pubco and CEP, and other documents filed by CEP and Pubco from time to time with the SEC, as well as the list of risk factors included in Annex A hereto. These filings do or will iden ti fy and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward - looking statements. There may be additi onal risks that neither CEP or Pubco presently know or that CEP and Pubco currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward - looking statements. Forward - looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward - l ooking statements, and none of the Parties or any of their Representatives assumes any obligation and do not intend to update or revise these forward - looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise . None of the Parties or any of its Representatives gives any assurance that any of CEP, the Company or Pubco will achieve its expectations. The inclusion of any statement in this presentation does not constitute an admission by Pubco or CEP or any other person that the events or circumstances described in such statement are material. Industry and Market Data This Presentation has been prepared by the Parties and their Representatives and includes market data and other statistical i nfo rmation from third - party industry publications and sources as well as from research reports prepared for other purposes. Although the Parties believe these third - party sources are reliable as of their respective dates, none of the Parties or any of their respective Representatives has independently verified the accuracy or completeness of this information and cannot assure you of the datas accuracy or completeness. Some data are also based on the Parties good faith estimates, whi ch are derived from both internal sources and the third - party sources. None of the Parties or their Representatives make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy of such information. The Parties expressly disclaim any resp ons ibility or liability for any damages or losses in connection with the use of such information herein. Accordingly, such information and data may not be included in, may be adjusted in, or may be presented differently in, any registration stateme nt, prospectus, proxy statement or other report or document to be filed or furnished by CEP or Pubco , or any other report or document to be filed by Pubco following completion of the Business Combination with the SEC. Trademarks and Intellectual Property All trademarks, service marks, and trade names of any Party or their respective affiliates used herein are trademarks, servic e m arks, or registered trade names of such Party or its respective affiliate, respectively, as noted herein. Any other product, company names, or logos mentioned herein are the trademarks and/or intellectual property of their respective owners, and thei r u se is not alone intended to, and does not alone imply, a relationship with any Party, or an endorsement or sponsorship by or of any Party. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this Pre sen tation may appear without the , TM or SM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that any Party or the applicable rights owner will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights or the rig ht of the applicable owner or licensor to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. Additional Information and Where to Find It In connection with the Business Combination, CEP and Pubco intend to file relevant materials with the SEC, including a registration statement on Form S - 4, which will include a document t hat serves as a joint prospectus and proxy statement, referred to as a proxy statement/prospectus. A proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to all CEP shareholders. CEP will also fi le other documents regarding the Transactions with the SEC. Before making any voting or investment decision, investors, shareholders and other interested persons of CEP are urged to rea d t he registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with Transactions carefully and in their entirety as they become available because they will conta in important information about the Transactions. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospect us and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by CEP through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. The documents filed by CEP and Pubco with the SEC also may be obtained free of charge, once available, on the SECs website at www.sec.gov or by directing a reque st to: Cantor Equity Partners, Inc., 110 East 59th Street, New York, NY 10022; e - mail: CantorEquityPartners@cantor.com, or upon written request to Twenty One Capital , Inc., via email at info@xxi.money , respectively. Participants in Solicitation CEP, Pubco , the Company and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed under SEC rules to be participants in the s oli citation of proxies from CEPs shareholders in connection with the Business Combination. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers, and information regarding their interests in the Business Combination and the ir ownership of CEPs securities are, or will be, contained in CEPs filings with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies of CEPs shareho lde rs in connection with the Business Combination, including and the names and interests of the Company and Pubcos directors and executive officers, will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus on Form S - 4 for the Business Combination, which is expected to be filed by Pubco and CEP with the SEC. You may obtain free copies of these documents as described in the preceding paragraph. 3 Disclaimer (Contd)

Twenty One Capital, Inc. (Twenty One or the Company) is a purpose - built vehicle for Bitcoin investment through the public equity markets, unlocking a potentially compelling opportunity for value creation as an innovative company with multiple Bitcoin - focused business lines Bitcoin Thesis A confluence of factors including growing adoption by institutions and governments, elevated levels of global inflation, ongoing geopolitical instability, and the possibility of regulatory clarity are driving increased interest in Bitcoin Twenty Ones Value Proposition Launching with the 3 rd largest corporate Bitcoin treasury of ~42,000 BTC at closing , Twenty One plans to leverage its Bitcoin to generate returns for its shareholders and benefit from Bitcoins potential for price appreciation At closing, Twenty One will be majority - owned by Tether, the worlds largest stablecoin issuer (1) , and Bitfinex with significant minority ownership by SoftBank , one of the worlds leading technology investment companies Investment Opportunity Twenty One is targeting $585 (2) million of total financing consisting of (i) $385 (2) million of convertible debt and (ii) $200 million of equity (collectively, the PIPE Investment) to be announced concurrently with the Companys business combination with Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. (CEP or the SPAC) (the Transaction) (2) Investors would benefit from the protections of a debt instrument, including a collateral package consisting of ~$1,155 milli on (4) of Bitcoin subject to release when certain events occur, with the ability to participate in any equity appreciation through a co nve rtible note 4 Executive Summary 1 2 3 4 (1) Per Forbes Top Stablecoins Coins Today By Market Cap web page as of March 28, 2025. (2) Includes $45M of convertible note principal issued to Sponsor. (3) Proceeds of the PIPE Investment will be used to facilitate the purchase of bitcoin, to pay future convertible interest expens es, and general corporate purposes. (4) Collateral amount does not reflect option to purchase additional notes.

5 Management Bios Jack Mallers is a visionary entrepreneur and one of Bitcoins most influential advocates, shaping its perception and furtheri ng its adoption by institutions, corporations, and governments. As the Founder & CEO of Strike, he built one of the worlds leading digital payment providers built on Bitcoins Lightning Ne two rk, pioneering Bitcoin brokerage infrastructure and Bitcoins integration into corporate balance sheets. His leadership was instrumental in El Salvadors historic decision to become the first nation to adopt Bitcoin as an official currency, a major milestone in sovereign Bitcoin po licy. Beyond Strike, Jack is a key advocate for Bitcoins integration into global finance, engaging with institutional investors, p oli cymakers, and enterprises to accelerate its adoption as the worlds premier monetary asset. Now, as Co - Founder & CEO of Twenty One, he is building the first true Bitcoin - native public company, designed to maximize Bitcoi n Per Share (BPS) and redefine corporate treasury strategy for the Bitcoin era. Jack Mallers Chief Executive Officer Steve Meehan is a financial services & management professional with 25 + years of financial and operational leadership experience spanning corporate strategy, M&A, capital raising, and FP&A . Previously, Mr . Meehan served as the CFO of Kadmon Holdings, Inc . , a publicly traded life science company, where he assisted in the development of a drug from the lab to FDA approval, and the subsequent sale for ~ $ 2 Billion to Sanofi . Before Kadmon , Mr . Meehan served as a partner in the Healthcare Group of Moelis & Company, leading their effort in Life Sciences and Advanced Diagnostics . Prior to Moelis, Mr . Meehan was Head of Life Sciences within the Global Healthcare Group in the New York office of UBS Investment Bank . During his tenure at UBS, Mr . Meehan was Chief Executive Officer of UBS Russia and the former Soviet Union across all businesses, including securities, banking, and wealth management . He was also a member of the UBS Groups EMEA Management Committee . Mr . Meehan also served as a Managing Director/Head of M&A and Co - Head of Life Sciences at Scale Consulting where he provided advisory and due diligence consultancy services for Private Equity companies . During his investment banking career, Mr . Meehan also held senior roles in M&A, leveraged finance and capital markets at Salomon Smith Barney, NatWest Securities and Drexel Burnham Lambert . In addition, he has served on several healthcare boards of directors and advisors . Mr . Meehan holds a B . S . in Business Administration/Finance from the University of Massachusetts at Lowell . Steve Meehan Chief Financial Officer

I. The Bitcoin Thesis II. Investment Opportunity Overview Appendix A Appendix B Table of Contents

I. The Bitcoin Thesis

8 Why Bitcoin and Why Now? Why Bitcoin? Why Now? Limited Supply Immutable, verifiable supply limit of 21 million total Bitcoin Capped supply creates scarcity, and positions Bitcoin as a hedging asset against inflationary pressures Inflection Point for Adoption Anticipated growing regulatory clarity and institutional adoption Inflation & currency devaluation fueling demand for scarce assets Institutional & Sovereign Adoption Over 10% of Bitcoins supply held by corporations, governments, and institutions (1) Increasingly recognized as a strategic treasury asset Accounting Reform (FASB Update) Bitcoin can now be marked to fair value, reflecting capital gains Superior Historical Performance The best - performing asset relative to major assets since 2020 ETFs & Institutional Accessibility Accelerating adoption of Spot Bitcoin ETFs has added liquidity and structure to Bitcoin markets (6) Hedge Against Currency & Geopolitical Ris k Highly uncorrelated asset, offering diversification beyond equities, bonds, and commodities Potential safeguard against currency devaluation for corporate balance sheets First - Mover Competitive Advantage Early adopters of Bitcoin treasury strategy have enhanced shareholder returns (7) Companies acting now could gain an edge in an increasingly digital economy It is an ideal time for corporations to embrace Bitcoin as a strategic asset, unlocking long - term value and a competitive edge t hrough early adoption Bitcoin S&P500 Mag. 7 Gold Real Est. 3 yrs. Cuml. 79% 22% 65% 59% (13%) 3 yrs. CAGR 21% 7% 18% 17% (5%) 5 yrs. Cumm. 864% 120% 219% 90% 34% 5 yrs. CAGR 57% 17% 26% 14% 6% (3) (4) (5) (4) (5) ( 2 ) (1) Per bitcointreasuries.net as of March 28, 2025. (2) Per S &P Capital IQ and FactSet as of March 28 , 2025. (3) Magnificent 7 consists of (i) Nvidia, (ii) Tesla, (iii) Alphabet, (iv) Meta, (v) Apple, (vi) Netflix, and (vii) Amazon. (4) Calculated based on performance from March 28, 2022 to March 28, 2025. (5) Calculated based on performance from March 27, 2020 to March 28, 2025. (6) Per Investopedia article Spot Bitcoin ETFs: Everything You Need to Know. published on October 24, 2024. (7) Per bitcointreasuries.net and Capital IQ as of March 28, 2025. Return since first buying bitcoin: MSTR = 2,045.5% (August 11, 2020 to March 28, 2025); RIOT = 507.4% (January 1, 2020 to March 28, 2025). 

9 Bitcoin is the Gold Standard of Digital Capital Bitcoin increasingly recognized as Digital Gold, combining the attributes of physical gold with the advantages of digital tec hnology Hedging Asset Viewed as a potential safeguard against currency devaluations or geopolitical risks Deflationary Supply Increasing difficulty of new coin mining over time enhances value proposition of existing Bitcoin Finite Supply Bitcoins capped supply of 21 million coins creates gold - like scarcity Portable & Digital More easily transferrable than physical commodities & digitally storable Global Liquidity Highly liquid Bitcoin trading markets on numerous exchanges around the world Security & Transparency Transactions secured by cryptography & recorded on immutable, distributed ledger Insulation from External Factors Not governed by traditional institutions such as governments and financial firms Decentralized Architecture Blockchain technology unlocks real - time visibilitity throughout a distributed network

0 20 40 60 80 100 120 $0.00 $20.00 $40.00 $60.00 $80.00 $100.00 $120.00 Mar-24 Jun-24 Sep-24 Dec-24 Mar-25 Volume (in 000's) Price ($ in 000's) Bitcoin currently makes up ~0.2% of Total Global Asset Value ~113,711 Peak BTC Trading Volume ~$109,993 Peak BTC Price ~19.2% LTM BTC Price Growth 10 Bitcoin has Seen Significant Growth, But Remains a Small Fraction of Global Wealth Bitcoin Has Shown Significant Growth (1) But is Still Only a Fraction of Global Asset / Wealth (2) Note: BTC transaction per day growth based on a 30 - day moving average. (1) Per FactSet as of March 28 , 2025. Prices taken at U.S. Stock Market close. (2) Asset values over $100T are rounded to the nearest $5T. (3) Per Savills, Total Value of Global Real Estate published on September 20, 2023. (4) Per Institution of International Finance Winds of Change - Prospects for Debt Markets in 2025 published December 3, 2024. (5) Per focus.world - exchanges.org published January 2025. (6) Per FactSet as of December 31, 2024. (7) Per gold.org as of December 31, 2024. Assumes ~216 K metric tons of above ground gold. (8) Per Deloitte, Art and Finance Report 2023. (9) Per companiesmarketcap.com as of March 28 , 2025. (10) Represents BTC price growth from March 28 , 2024 to March 28 , 2025. (11) Per Invest o pedia , Bitcoins Price History. published January 21, 2025. (12) Achieved on December 5, 2024. (1)(10) (1)(12) (1 1) Bitcoin: ~$1.6T (9) Art & Collectibles: ~ $2T (8) Total Global Asset Value: ~$967T Real Estate ~$380T (3) Bond ~$320T (4) Equities ~$125T (5) Fiat Currency ~$115T (6) Gold ~$23T (7)

Asset Market Cap ($tn) Price ($) 3-Year CAGR 5-Year CAGR Gold $23.4 $3,071.6 16.5% 13.8% Magnificent 7 9.0 n.m. 20.2% 24.7% Bitcoin 1.6 84,326.0 22.9% 57.3% Bonds n.a. 516.2 1.6% 1.7% Real Estate n.a. 260.6 (4.8%) 6.2% 11 Bitcoins Performance vs. Top Assets Bitcoins strong historical performance highlights its resilience and growing prominence as a digital asset, positioning it a mon g the most valuable investment asset classes 0 1 2 3 4 5 Years Traditional 60/40 Portfolio 60/35/5 Porftolio ( 6 ) (7) (4) Over the Last Five Years, Bitcoins Returns Have Significantly Outpaced Those from Traditional Investment Assets (1) Last 5 Years Impact of Bitcoin Allocation on a Traditional Portfolio (1)(8) $197.5 $172.1 Bitcoin has outperformed traditional assets on a risk - adjusted basis over the past 5 years: Bitcoin: 0.95 (11) S&P 500: 0.73 (12) SPDR Gold: 0.65 (12) Why does this matter? Even with its volatility, Bitcoins returns have more than compensated investors for the risk over the past 5 years outperforming stocks and gold when adjusted for volatility Bitcoin Has Delivered Superior Risk Adjust Returns Note: Historical performance is not an indication of future performance; digital asset prices are highly volatile (1) Per Capital IQ and FactSet as of March 28, 2025. (2) From March 31, 2022 to March 28 , 2025. (3) From March 31, 2020 to March 28 , 2025. (4) Per gold.org. Assumes 216,265 metric tons of above ground gold as of December 31, 2024. (5) Magnificent 7: Nvidia, Tesla, Alphabet, Meta, Apple, Netflix, and Amazon. (6) S&P 500 Bond Index. (7) S&P 500 Real Estate Index. (8) Historical impact shown over 5 CAGR of Traditional Portfolio vs. BTC Allocation. (9) 60/40 Portfolio consists of 60% equities (S&P 500) and 40% bonds (S&P 500 Bond Index). (10) 60/35/5 Portfolio consists of 60% equities (S&P 500) , 35% bonds (S&P 500 Bond Index), and 5% Bitcoin. (11) Calculated using data from March 27, 2020 to March 28, 2025, based on daily returns per FactSet; Risk - free rate of 4.239%, based on the U.S. 10 - year Treasury yield at close as of March 28, 2025 per Wall Street Journal. (12) Per MorningStar.com. ~15% increase (9) (10) Portfolio Value (Indexed to 100) (3) (2) ( 5 )

2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 It will be the policy of my administration, United States of America, to keep 100% of all the bitcoin the U.S. government currently holds or acquires into the future. (2) 12 Macro and Political Conditions Viewed as Favorable for Bitcoin Growth U.S. Administration Seen as Favorable to Bitcoin Growth in U.S. Fiat Currency Supply (1) Donald Trump U.S. President Reinvigorated interest underpinned by substantial pro - crypto regulatory changes x Bitcoin as a Treasury Reserve Asset: Explore holding Bitcoin as part of the U.S. Treasury's strategic reserves (4) x Improved Regulatory Clarity: Develop unified & clear federal regulatory framework for Bitcoin & other digital assets to provide certainty for businesses and investors (4) x Stablecoin and Digital Asset Legislation: Pass legislation covering stablecoins & cryptocurrency exchanges (5) x Tax Reform: Simplify cryptocurrency taxation rules and address issues like capital gains on small transactions to promote Bitcoin use as a payment tool (6) Trumps new administration is viewed as strongly pro - crypto Potential Regulatory Developments Securities & Exchange Commission Reconsidering Crypto Regulation Posture The price of Bitcoin has risen 21.5% since Trump won the election (3) (1) From February 1, 2015 to February 1, 2025; Per fred.stlouisfed.org as of March 25 , 2025 (2) Per CNCB, Trump signs executive order promoting crypto, paving way for digital asset stockpile., January 23, 2023 (3) Change in Bitcoin price from November 5, 2024 to March 28, 2025 per FactSet. (4) Per whitehouse.gov, Strengthening American Leadership in Digital Financial Technology. , January 23, 2025. (5) Per whitehouse.gov, Fact Sheet: Executive Order to Establish United States Leadership in Digital Financial Technology., January 23, 2025. (6) Per Forbes, Financial Capital Gains Signaled for U.S. Crypto. , January 27, 2025. Covid - 19 Pandemic 05/01/2023 08/03/2021 11/21/2024 ($ in billions) $21,671 $11,906

13 Corporations are Showing Interest in Holding Bitcoin on Balance Sheet Medical products for chronic illness detection & treatment Hotel development and operation Bitcoin mining, data center hosting, & engineering services Cryptocurrency mining, with a primary focus on Bitcoin Enterprise business analytics and mobility software Business Description BTC Holdings BTC Value (6) ($ in millions) Mkt. Cap (7) / BTC Value (6) 506,137 BTC 46,374 BTC 18,692 BTC 3,200 BTC 3,192 BTC $42,681 $3,911 $1,576 $270 $269 1.8x 1.1x 1.6x 4.3x 1.3x (1) Per Strategy 8 - K filed on March 24, 2025. (2) Per Mara Press Release filed on February 28, 2025. (3) Per Riot Press Release filed on February 28, 2025. (4) Per MetaPlanet Press Release, March 5, 2025. (5) Per Semler 8 - K filed on February 4, 2025. (6) Per FactSet as of March 28, 2025. (7) Per Capital IQ as of March 28, 2025. (1) (2) (3) (4) (5)

Mar-2023 Jul-2023 Nov-2023 Mar-2024 Jul-2024 Nov-2024 Mar-2025 BTC Mined / Day MSTR Avg. Daily BTC Purchases MSTR Buying Avg. as a % of Mined MSTR Buying Avg. as a % of Mined (Post Halving) 186% 72% 14 Bitcoins Inherent Supply Constraints Contribute to Demand Sensitivity Bitcoin is Fundamentally Demand Sensitive Mathematical Constraints on Bitcoin Mining May Lead to a Supply Gap 21 Million Finite, Fixed Bitcoin Supply ~450 Bitcoin Current Daily Mining Limit Mathematical Supply Limits Create Price Sensitivity to Any New Source of Demand MSTR's current demand for new Bitcoin far exceeds current daily Bitcoin mining output (1) (3) (1) Per bitcoinvisuals.com as of March 28, 2025. (2) Per https://bitcointreasuries.net/about; Daily purchasing average taken quarterly. (3) (144 blocks per day) x (3.125 BTC per block) = 450 BTC per day. Halvin g Event (04/20/24) Bitcoin Halving Event Block: A batch of Bitcoin transactions recorded on the blockchain Bitcoin Reward: Miners earn Bitcoin for validating and adding a new block (max: 144 blocks / day) Halving: Every 210,000 blocks, the block reward is cut in half to reduce supply inflation Pre - 2024: 6.250 BTC / block Post - 2024: 3.125 BTC / block Next Halving: Expected in April 2028, reducing the block reward to 1.5625 BTC. Halving reduces new Bitcoin supply, increasing scarcity, which can drive demand and new price discovery (2)

Total Bitcoin 38.3 70.5 91.3 105.1 114.0 124.4 129.2 129.7 130.0 132.5 140.0 152.3 158.2 189.2 214.3 226.3 252.2 447.7 506.1 Market Cap / Bitcoin Value n.m. 1.8x 1.2x 1.8x 1.2x 1.0x 0.9x 0.7x 0.9x 0.7x 0.8x 1.0x 1.1x 1.2x 1.9x 1.8x 2.1x 1.7x 1.8x 38.3 70.5 91.3 105.1 114.0 124.4 129.2 129.7 130.0 132.5 140.0 152.3 158.2 189.2 214.3 226.3 252.2 447.7 38.3 32.2 20.8 13.8 8.9 10.4 4.8 0.5 0.3 2.5 7.5 12.3 5.9 31.0 25.1 12.0 25.9 195.5 58.4 Q3'20 Q4'20 Q1'21 Q2'21 Q3'21 Q4'21 Q1'22 Q2'22 Q3'22 Q4'22 Q1'23 Q2'23 Q3'23 Q4'23 Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Current 15 MSTRs Road to Becoming a Bitcoin Holding Company MSTRs Bitcoin Strategic Treasury Reserve Growth Current Bitcoin Holdings Capital Raised to Acquire Bitcoin Since 2021 Current BTC Holdings ~506,137 BTC Current BTC Value (2) ~$42.7 Billion ATM Proceeds ~$22.0 Billion Convertible Notes Proceeds ~$9.3 Billion (1) Per FactSet and Public Filings as of March 28, 2025. (2) Per Company 10Ks and 10Qs up through March 28, 2025. (3) Per Capital IQ. (4) Per FactSet. (5) Per Strategy 8 - K filed on March 24, 2025. (6) Based upon 506,137 Bitcoins at a price of $84,326 per Bitcoin as of March 28, 2025 per FactSet. (7) Per MSTR 2024 10 - K, MSTR 2023 10 - K, MSTR 2022 10 - K, and MSTR 2/24/25 8 - K. (2) (BTC in 000s) Bitcoin Price Convert Deal Bitcoin at Start of Quarter Bitcoin Purchased in the Quarter $650M Convert ( 12/11/20) $1,050M Convert ( 2/19/21 ) $800M Convert (0 3/08/24) $604M Convert (0 3/18/24) $800M Convert (0 6/17/24) $1,010M Convert (0 9/19/24) $3,000M Convert ( 11/21/24) $2,000M Convert (0 2/21/25) (1) ( 2 ) (6) (5) (7) (7) ( 3 ) (4)

16 MSTR: Raising Capital to Acquire Bitcoin Mar - 24: $800M (Convertible Notes) Mar - 24: $604M (Convertible Notes) Jun - 24: $800M (Convertible Notes) Aug - 24: $2,000M (ATM Offering) 2021 2022 2023 2024 Feb - 21: $1,050M (Convertible Notes) June - 21: $1,000M (ATM Offering) May - 23: $625M (ATM Offering) Aug - 23: $750M (ATM Offering) Nov - 23: $750M (ATM Offering) Sep - 22: $500M (ATM Offering) Sep - 24: $1,010M (Convertible Notes) Oct - 24: $21,000M (ATM Offering) Dec - 24: $3,000M (Convertible Notes) Bitcoin Balance 124,391 BTC 132,500 BTC 189,150 BTC 506,137 BTC 447,470 BTC MSTR Recently Raised $2 Billion at Attractive Terms The MSTR Bitcoin Accumulation Strategy Strategy, Inc. (NASDAQ: MSTR) Issuer: February 20, 2025 (After Market Close) Pricing Date: Convertible Senior Unsecured Notes due 2030 (March 1, 2030) Securities Offered: $2.0 Billion (including $300.0 Million Greenshoe) Deal Size: 0.00% (Marketed Range: Fixed) Coupon: 35.00% (Marketed Range: 40.00% - 50.00%) Conversion Premium: Non - callable for 2 years, provisionally callable thereafter if the stock price appreciates to greater than 130.0% of the conversion price, with table make - whole Call Schedule: 3 Year Investor Put (March 1, 2028) Investor Put Right: x Leverage Favorable Capital: Raise funds through low - interest financial instruments like convertible notes and senior bonds x Tap Into Investor Optimism: Attract investors by aligning with the growing interest in Bitcoin and the companys strong market positioning x Deploy Funds Strategically: Use the borrowed capital to acquire Bitcoin as a long - term store of value and inflation hedge x Amplify Returns: Enhance the potential for high returns through Bitcoins appreciation while minimizing the direct impact on operational cash flow x Repeat and Scale: Continuously reinvest in Bitcoin by capitalizing on favorable borrowing conditions when available (1) Per public filings as of March 28, 2025. (2) Aggregate liquidation preference of $730 million. Gross proceeds to MSTR of $584 million. (3) Represents Bitcoin Balance at year end. (4) Per Strategy 8K as of March 24, 2025. (5) Per Company Filings and DealLogic as of March 28, 2025. 2025 Jan - 25: $730M (Convertible Preferred) Feb - 25: $2,000M (Convertible Notes) Mar - 25: $850M (Convertible Preferred) ( 4 ) (2) (1) Historical Capital Raised Through Convertibles Notes and At - the - Market Offerings Since 2021 (3) (5) (3) (3) (3)

II. Investment Opportunity Overview

18 Offering Summary Term Sheet Twenty One is considering issuing Convertible Senior Notes (1) Includes $45M of convertible note principal issued to Sponsor. (2) Note: Twenty One Class A shares entitled to 0 vote per share and Twenty One Class B shares entitled to 1 vote per share. (3) Bitcoin will be purchased by Tether within 10 business days of signing, using an amount equal to the PIPE subscription procee ds (net of fees, expenses, and cash to be retained by Pubco ) and will be contributed at Closing. (4) Bitcoin will be purchased by Tether within 10 business days after the end of the option period, using an amount equal to the PIP E subscription proceeds (net of fees, expenses, and cash to be retained by Pubco ) and will be contributed at Closing, April 22, 2025 Pricing Date Upon closing of the Business Combination Issue Date Twenty One Capital, Inc. (XXI) / Texas, US Issuer / Incorporation Convertible Notes Securities Offered Launch via confidential Wall Cross $385 (1) million Deal Size / Notional Private Placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) with intent to wrap the notes with a 144A CUSIP on the Issue Date (to facilitat e p ost - closing trading among QIBs) and SEC - register the notes and shares underlying as promptly as practicable after the Issue Date Form of Offering Senior with no permitted senior secured indebtedness that ranks senior to the notes. Convertible Notes to be 3:1 collateraliz ed (33.3% LTV) as of Closing Date Debt Ranking / LTV The NAV of the underlying collateral will be calculated at the end of every quarter based on a 10 - day average lookback (Average Price). For each quarter where the price of BTC has increased 33.3% above (the Qualifying Price) the 10 - day average price of BTC as of the day before closing (the Average Bitcoin Price at Closi ng), collateral equal to 40% of the value of the increase in collateral above the Average Bitcoin Price at Closing will be released in an un - clawbackable manner. For each calendar quarter after the initial collateral release, the additional collateral to be released will be 40% of the value of the increase in collateral above the highest previous Average Price. The public float of Twenty One will be calculated at the end of every quarter based on a 10 - day average lookback (Public Float ). For each quarter where the Public Float is >200% of the par notional value of the notes (the Qualifying Float), collateral equal to 66.6% of the value of the Qualifying Float will be released in an un - clawbackable manner. For each calendar quarter after the initial collateral release, the additional collateral to be released will be 66.6% of the value of the increase in collateral above t he highest previous Qualifying Float. Collateral Release Mechanism 5 - years (2030) Maturity Non - callable for 3.0 years from Issue Date, thereafter callable partially or in whole, if the stock trades at 130% of the Conver sion Price for 20 out of 30 consecutive days, plus Make - Whole Shares (grid) Issuer Redemption Discrete investor put right at 100% of Notional plus accrued interest, 3.0 - years from Issue Date Investor Put Right Anti - dilution and Fundamental Change including Make - Whole Shares (grid) Investor Protections $1,000 per Note Denomination $10.00 per share Twenty One Reference Price 1% payable semi - annually in cash Coupon Reference Price * (Average Bitcoin Price at Closing / Base Bitcoin Price) Conversion Reference Price 130% of Conversion Reference Price Conversion Premium During any calendar quarter after December 31, 2025 if the last reported sale price of the Common Stock on each of at least 2 0 t rading days during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately proceeding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on such trading day Investor Conversion Rights Cash, Class A Shares (2) or any combination thereof upon conversion at Twenty Ones election (Instrument X) Settlement Type To facilitate the purchase of bitcoin (3) , to pay future convertible interest expenses, and general corporate purposes Use of Proceeds $100M (4) Option to Purchase Additional Notes $200 million PIPE Concurrent Equity Offerings Cantor Fitzgerald Sole Placement Manager

19 Opportunity for Investors Twenty Ones innovative strategies leverage Bitcoin to create unique investment opportunities, offering substantial upside po ten tial Bitcoin Exposure Proceeds from financing will be used to fund strategic acquisitions of Bitcoin, a historically high - performing asset, and execute growth strategies (1) Bitcoin - Native Operations Twenty Ones Bitcoin - native operational structure is expected to result in significantly lower operating costs vs. other Bitcoin treasury companies & its ability to focus primarily on Bitcoin - centric metrics and bitcoin related operations differentiates the Company from others in the space Ownership At closing, the Company will be majority owned by Tether, the worlds largest stablecoin issuer, and Bitfinex , with significant minority ownership by SoftBank, one of the worlds leading technology investment companies Exchange - Traded Instrument Offers investors the opportunity to gain exposure to Bitcoin through an instrument that is tradable on public markets Attractive Equity Investment Convertible Note holders will have the ability to participate in any share price appreciation through an attractively priced convert Collateralized Debt Instrument Convertible Notes will be collateralized by ~$1,155 (2) million of Bitcoin subject to release when specific events occur , offering investors insulation from movement in the price of Bitcoin (1) To facilitate the purchase of bitcoin, to pay future convertible interest expenses, and general corporate purposes. (2) Collateral amount does not reflect option to purchase additional notes.

20 Twenty Ones Plan for Value Creation The Company has developed a streamlined value proposition as an innovative company with multiple Bitcoin - focused business lines Strategic Bitcoin accumulation with intention of maximizing BPS and BRR 1 2 Prioritize long - term value creation for Twenty Ones common stock 4 Maintain an uncomplicated balance sheet 6 Grow rapidly and responsibly within the constraints of market dynamics 8 Utilize deliberate financing strategy to deliver superior performance for investors 5 Explore potential ways to creatively leverage Bitcoin 7 Promote global adoption of Bitcoin as a treasury reserve asset 3 Acquire Bitcoin in a shareholder friendly manner whenever possible

21 Twenty Ones Operational Business Plan A Road Map for Accumulation, Strategy, and Financing Twenty One will deploy a bitcoin accumulation and management strategy with the following mandates: BTC Accumulation Acquire Bitcoin Actively Manage Bitcoin Holdings Issue debt / equity securities for Bitcoin purchases and other operating expenses BTC Financing (2) Twenty One expects to engage in a range of Bitcoin - related activities including: Bitcoin - related financial and advisory services Offering Bitcoin - related debt and equity structured products Bitcoin - related lending BTC Education and Branding (1) Twenty Ones mission will be to accelerate Bitcoin adoption and Bitcoin literacy at both institutional and retail levels Create, license and produce: Modular Educational Content Branded video media Act as the go - to content partner for: Major Conferences Web3 Firms Fintech Institutions (1) Preparation of these materials will commence shortly after launch and will be deployed commercially once the Company has dete rmi ned that its marketing conditions have been satisfied. (2) Preparation for the launch of these financial services is expected to begin shortly following consummation of the business co mbi nation, with a launch timeline to be determined based on regulatory approvals, market needs and the macroeconomic environment.

The Companys value proposition offers several possible advantages over other Bitcoin investment options Twenty Ones Strategic Advantages (1) 22 Overall Relative Ranking Strategic Bitcoin Accumulation Use of Leverage Pure Play Bitcoin Exposure Company Bitcoin Treasury Companies Bitcoin ETFs Bitcoin - Exposed Corporates Bitcoin Miners As a Bitcoin - native company , Twenty One has several advantages vs. existing avenues for Bitcoin exposure in the market All business lines focused on Bitcoin - no unrelated legacy businesses Strategic Bitcoin accumulations vs. passive BTC investment Ability to strategically raise & deploy capital to increase Bitcoin per Share Blue - chip ownership aligned with Twenty Ones Bitcoin - centric operating model Commentary Note: Graphic shows an illustrative Harvey balls representation. Complete blue circles represent the highest relative ranking and complete white circles represent lowest relative ranking in each respective category. (1) Based on the Companys own view of the relative positioning of the various categories shown. 

23 Twenty One Compares Favorably to MSTR Across Metrics (1) Pure Play Bitcoin Exposure Bitcoin - Native Operations Existing Debt Balance Debt Collateralization (2) Insider Ownership Purpose - Built KPIs Note: Graphic shows an illustrative Harvey balls representation. Complete blue circles represent the highest relative ranking and complete white circles represent lowest relative ranking in each respective category. (1) Based on the Companys own view of the relative positioning of the various categories shown. (2) Subject to release upon certain events. (3) BPS = Bitcoin Per Share; BRR = Bitcoin Rate of Return. Twenty Ones Compelling Investment Possibility MSTRs size poses questions about potential diminishing returns as it continues to purchase Bitcoin With ~500,000 Bitcoin, MSTR must purchase larger quantities to increase BPS, reducing the per dollar impact of future capital deployments Twenty One will launch with ~42,000 Bitcoin and potential for a more capital - efficient growth trajectory Capital Efficiency Versus MSTR Twenty Ones balance sheet simplicity provides additional flexibility for strategic capital raises Innovative BTC KPIs As a purpose - built platform for Bitcoin investors, Twenty One will be guided by Bitcoin - specific KPIs including BPS and BRR (2) Commentary Twenty One is a potentially superior vehicle for investors seeking capital - efficient Bitcoin exposure

24 Illustrative Transaction Structure Commentary Illustrative Transaction Structure Note: Twenty One Class A & Class B shares entitled to 0 vote per share 1 vote per share respectively. Note: Bitcoin and Cash amounts do not reflect the potential exercise of option to purchase additional notes. Note: This slide does not take into account the $100 million in Option Notes which may be exercised by Subscribers to the convert within 30 days of signing. (1) Interest payable in either cash or shares. (2) Additional BTC calculated as 42,000 less Bitcoin from step 2A and step 6, less Bitcoin from step 2A and step 6, Bitcoin used as consideration in 2B, and Bitcoin purchased via option to purchase additional notes (if any). Tether and Bitfinex SPAC Shareholders SPAC Merger Sub NewCo SPAC Twenty One S1 S2 NewCo Merger Sub Convert Investors PIPE Investors At Announcement: Tether and Bitfinex agree to contribute 31,500 BTC at closing to NewCo in exchange for NewCo interests Within 10 business days, Tether purchases incremental ~$462M of BTC to be purchased by Twenty One upon closing of PIPE & Convert financings At Close: Tether and Bitfinex contribute 31,500 BTC in exchange for NewCo interests PIPE Investors contribute $200M of cash and BTC to SPAC in exchange for SPAC shares SPAC merges with and into SPAC Merger Sub SPAC shareholders (including PIPE Investors) receive Twenty One Class A shares in exchange for SPAC shares NewCo merges with and into NewCo Merger Sub Tether and Bitfinex receive Twenty One Class A & B shares in exchange for NewCo interests Convert Investors contribute $340M of cash to Twenty One in exchange for Twenty One Convert Twenty One purchases BTC from Step 1B using proceeds from Step 2B and Step 5 Softbank purchases Twenty One Class A & Class B shares from Tether for purchase price based on value of 10,500 BTC plus interest (1) If necessary, Tether sells additional BTC to Twenty One in exchange for Twenty One Class A and Class B shares (2) 1A 1B 3A 3B 4A 4B 5 6 7 2A 2B Softbank Tether and Bitfinex $171M Cash & ~29M of BTC SPAC Shares Value of 10,500 BTC plus interest paid in cash or shares Twenty One Class A & Class B Shares 7 1A 1B 31,500 BTC NewCo Shares Merger #1 Merger #2 Twenty One Class A Shares Twenty One Class A & Class B Shares 2A 2B 3A 3B 4A 4B 5 Twenty One Convert $340M Cash 6 ~$462M Cash ~$462M BTC 8 8

Illustrative Sources Illustrative Uses Source ($mm) (BTC) Use ($mm) (BTC) Bitcoin Contribution - Tether $1,588 18,713 Bitcoin Contribution - Tether $1,588 18,713 Bitcoin Contribution - Bitfinex 594 7,000 Bitcoin Contribution - Bitfinex 594 7,000 Bitcoin Contribution - Tether on Behalf of SoftBank 891 10,500 Bitcoin Contribution - Tether on Behalf of SoftBank 891 10,500 Tether Interim Funding 462 5,440 Bitcoin Purchases 462 5,440 Bitcoin Contributed In-Kind 29 348 Bitcoin Contributed In-Kind 29 348 Total Sources $3,564 42,000 Total Uses $3,564 42,000 25 Sources and Uses Bitcoin Contribution Assumptions: Bitcoin Contribution - Tether: 18,710 Bitcoin Contribution Bitfinex: 7,000 Bitcoin Contribution Tether on Behalf of SoftBank: 10,500 Bitcoin Contributed In - Kind from Investors: 348 Interim Funding & BTC Purchase Assumptions: Tether Interim Funding: $462M (2) Bitcoin Purchases: $462 (2) PIPE Proceeds: $200M Convertible Note Proceeds: 340M (3) Tether Repayment: $462M (2) De - SPAC Transaction Assumptions: SPAC Cash in Trust: $100M (5) SPAC Redemptions Percentage: 0.0% Estimated Fees & Expenses: ~$29M (6) Cash to Balance Sheet: ~$120M Illustrative Sources and Uses At Signing (1) Illustrative Assumptions Illustrative Sources and Uses At Closing (1) Note: This slide does not take into account the $100 million in option notes which may be exercised by subscribers to the con ver t within 30 days of signing. (1) Calculated using average BTC price over the 10 days prior to pricing of $84,864. (2) $540M less ~$50M to account for transaction expenses and operating expenses less $29M Bitcoin contributed in - kind. (3) Excludes $45M of convertible note principal issued to Sponsor. (4) Excludes ~$29M of Bitcoin contributed in - kind. (5) Assumes no redemptions; to be adjusted for interest earned on Trust account at closing. (6) Represents an estimate of transaction expenses as of current, which are subject to change until closing. (2) (2) (5) (4) (6) Illustrative Sources Illustrative Uses Source ($mm) Use ($mm) Convertible Note Proceeds $340 Tether Repayment $462 PIPE Cash Proceeds 171 Estimated Fees at Close 29 SPAC Cash in Trust 100 Cash for Operating Expenses 20 Other Cash to Balance Sheet 100 Total Sources $611 Total Uses $611

Shares Ownership % Vote % Tether 158.8 42.8% 51.7% Bitfinex 59.4 16.0% 19.3% Softbank 89.1 24.0% 29.0% Convertible Noteholders 26.2 7.1% 0.0% Public SPAC Shareholders 10.0 2.7% 0.0% PIPE Investors 20.0 5.4% 0.0% Sponsor 7.2 1.9% 0.0% Total 370.7 100.0% 100.0% Shares Ownership % Vote % Tether 158.8 46.6% 51.7% Bitfinex 59.4 17.4% 19.3% Softbank 89.1 26.1% 29.0% Public SPAC Shareholders 10.0 2.9% 0.0% PIPE Investors 20.0 5.9% 0.0% Sponsor 3.8 1.1% 0.0% Total 341.1 100.0% 100.0% 26 Pro Forma Ownership General Assumptions: SPAC Share Price: $10.00 Tether and SoftBank Assumptions: Tether Bitcoin Contribution Value ($M): $1,588 (1) Bitfinex Bitcoin Contribution Value ($M): $594 (2) Softbank Bitcoin Contribution Value ($M): $891 (3) Convert Assumptions: Convert Principal ($M): $385 (4) Conversion Price: $13.00 (10) Shares Underlying Convert Excl. Sponsor Convert (M): 29.6 SPAC Assumptions: Public SPAC Shares at Closing (M): 10.0 Public SPAC Redemption Percentage: 0.00% Additional Assumptions: Sponsor Shares (M): 3.8 (5) Sponsor Loans ($M): $0.5 (6) Sponsor Loan Shares (M): 0.05 Convert Principal Issued to Sponsor ($M): $44.8 Shares Underlying Sponsor Convert Principal (M): 3.4 Illustrative Pro Forma Ownership Pre - Convert Illustrative Assumptions Illustrative Pro Forma Ownership Post - Convert Note: This slide does not take into account the $100 million in option notes which may be exercised by subscribers to the convert within 30 days of signing (1) Calculated as (i) 18,713 BTC multiplied by (ii) average BTC price over the 10 days prior to pricing of $84,864. (2) Calculated as (i) 7,000 BTC multiplied by (ii) average BTC price over the 10 days prior to pricing of $84,864. (3) Calculated as (i) 10,500 BTC multiplied by (ii) average BTC price over the 10 days prior to pricing of $84,864, contributed initially by Tether. (4) Includes $45M of convertible note principal issued to Sponsor. (5) Includes ( i ) 1.3 million SPAC Class A shares and (ii) 2.5 million SPAC Class B shares. (6) Based on current outstanding Sponsor Loan balance of ~$500,000. (7) Twenty One Class A and Class B Shares. (8) Option for interest on Tether loan to SoftBank to be paid in shares may change share count marginally. (9) Twenty One Class A Shares. (10) Calculated using Bitcoin price at signing and closing of $84,864; Conversion Price to be adjusted based on a ratio of Bitcoin price at closing to Bitcoin price at signing. (7)(8) (7)( 8 ) (9) (9) (9) (7)(8) (9) (9) (9) (9) (7)(8) (7)( 8 ) (7)(8)

Appendix A

28 Offering Summary Term Sheet CEP and Twenty One are considering raising equity through a PIPE Cantor Equity Partners (CEP) / Cayman Islands (1) Issuer / Incorporation April 22, 2025 Pricing Date Upon closing of the Business Combination Issue Date $200 million Deal Size Non - Voting Class A Shares (the Shares) (2) Securities Offered CEP and Twenty One to use commercially reasonable efforts to have the Shares registered on the Form S - 4 registration statement and otherwise to register the Shares on a Form S - 1 to be filed after closing Registration $385 (3) million Convertible Senior Notes Offering Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering Cantor Fitzgerald Sole Placement Agent (1) Subject to confirmation by CEP counsel. (2) Note: Twenty One Class A shares entitled to 0 vote per share and Twenty One Class B shares entitled to 1 vote per share. (3) Includes $45M of convertible note principal issued to Sponsor.

Appendix B

Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of Twenty O ne Capital, Inc. ( Pubco ), Twenty One Assets Inc. (Twenty One) and/or Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. (CEP and, together with Pubco and Twenty One, the Parties) and your proposed investment in the convertible notes (the Notes) offering by Pubco (the Convertible Notes PIPE) and/or your proposed investment in the common equity offering of CEP (the Equity PIPE and, together with the Convertible Notes PIPE, the PIPE Offerings). The risks and uncertainties described bel ow are not the only ones that the Parties face. Additional risks that the Parties are unaware of, or that the Parties currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that materially adversely affect any of the Parties. If any of th e f ollowing risks actually occur, the business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects of the Parties could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of Pubcos common stock following the proposed business combination among the Parties (the Business Combination) could decline, and yo u could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to the Business and Bitcoin Strategy of Pubco Pubcos principal asset will be Bitcoin. Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset, and Pubcos operating results may significantly fluctuate, including due to the highly volatile nature of the price of Bitcoin and errati c market movements. Due to Pubcos limited operating history and the concentration of its Bitcoin holdings, it will be difficult to evaluate Pubcos business and future prospects, and Pubco may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in any given period. A significant decrease in the market value of Pubcos Bitcoin holdings could adversely affect Pubcos ability to satisfy its financial obligations under the Notes and any subsequent debt financings. Pubco will operate in a highly competitive environment and will compete against companies and other entities with similar strategie s, including companies with significant Bitcoin holdings and ETFs and ETPs for Bitcoin and other digital assets, and Pubcos business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected if Pubco is unable to compete effectively. The emergence or growth of other digital assets, including those with significant private or public sector backing, including by governments, consortiums or financial institutions, could have a negative impact on the price of Bitcoin and adversely affect Pubcos business. Pubcos Bitcoin holdings will be less liquid than its cash and cash equivalents and may not be able to serve as a source of liquidity f or Pubco . Pubco will face risks relating to the custody of its Bitcoin. If Pubco or its third - party service providers, including Anchorage, experience a security breach or cyberattack and unauthorized parties obtain access to Pubcos Bitcoin, or if Pubcos private keys are lost or destroyed, or other similar circumstances or events occur, Pubco may lose some or all of its Bitcoin and Pubcos financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Pubcos Bitcoin acquisition strategy exposes Pubco to risk of non - performance by counterparties, including in particular risks relating to its custodians, including as a result o f inability or refusal of a counterparty to perform because of a deterioration in the counterpartys financial condition and liquidity or for any other reason. Bitcoin and other digital assets are novel assets, which will expose Pubco to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty, which could materially adversely affect Pubcos financial position, operations and prospects. Policymakers in the U.S. are just beginning to consider what a regulatory regime for digital assets would look like and the e lem ents that would serve as the foundation for such a regime. Pubco may be unable to effectively react to proposed legislation and regulation of digital assets, which would adversely affect its business. Bitcoins status as a security in any relevant jurisdiction, as well as the status of Bitcoin - related products and services in general is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if Pubco is unable to properly characterize such product or service offering, Pubco may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, inquiries, investigations, fines, and other penalties, which may adversely affect Pubcos business, operating results, and financial condition. Regulatory changes classifying Bitcoin as a security could lead to Pubcos classification as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and could adversely affect the market pric e of Bitcoin and the market price of shares of Class A common stock of Pubco ( Pubco Class A Common Stock). Pubco will not be subject to the same legal and regulatory obligations, including certain compliance and reporting obligations inte nd ed to protect investors, that apply to investment companies such as mutual funds and exchange - traded funds, or to obligations applicable to investment advisers. Due to the unregulated nature and lack of transparency surrounding the operations of many Bitcoin trading venues, Bitcoin tra din g venues may experience greater fraud, security failures or regulatory or operational problems than trading venues for more established asset classes, which may result in a loss of confidence in Bitcoin trading venues and adversely affect t he value of Pubcos Bitcoin holdings. Pubco may be subject to material litigation, including individual and class action lawsuits, as well as investigations and enforcem en t actions by regulators and governmental authorities. These matters are often expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm Pubcos business, financial condition, and operating results. Pubcos compliance and risk management methods might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect Pubcos reputation, operating results, and financial condition. Our mission will be to accelerate Bitcoin adoption and Bitcoin literacy at both institutional and retail levels. We have not pr eviously engaged in the business of online learning programs and educational content, and growing these operations could be difficult for us, including, without limitation, due to operational challenges and significant competition. A portion of our business will rely on our BTC educational program clients to drive utilization and to generate revenue, and if we fail to attract and retain customers for our educational business segment, our operating results may suffer. We expect to engage in Bitcoin - related activities in the future, including Bitcoin - related financial and advisory services, Bitc oin - related debt and equity structured products and Bitcoin - related lending activities, all of which are subject to regulation. We have not previously engaged in these business lines and we may be unable to implement our business plan, inclu din g, without limitation, due to operational challenges, significant competition and regulation. Bitcoins status as a security in any relevant jurisdiction, as well as the status of our Bitcoin - related products and service s, is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if we are unable to properly characterize a product or service offering, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, inquiries, investigations, fines, and other penalties, which may adversely affect our bus iness, operating results, and financial condition. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, including any applicable financial indu str y regulation, could have a material adverse impact on us and our activities. If we were considered to be a shell company by Nasdaq, or another stock exchange on which we apply for listing, or by the S EC, we may be unable to list our Pubco Class A Common Stock on a stock exchange and the Business Combination would not occur. We could be considered to be a shell company and we expect to be considered the successor to a shell company, and therefore , w e and our stockholders would be restricted in reliance on certain rules or forms in connection with the offering, sale or resale of securities. 30 Risk Factors

Risks Related to Being a Public Company The market price of Pubco Class A Common Stock may be volatile and decline materially as a result of volatility in Bitcoin or the digital asset markets g enerally, or for other reasons. You should be aware that you may lose some or all of your investment. The principal assets of Pubco following the Business Combination will be its Bitcoin holdings and cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds of the Busine ss Combination and the PIPE Offerings not invested in Bitcoin. Although Pubco is expected to have certain other operations, Pubco will depend on such retained cash and cash equivalents to pay its debts and other obligations. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about Pubcos business or the Business Combination or publish negative reports, the market price of Pubco Class A Common Stock could decline. Pubcos ability to timely raise capital in the future may be limited, or may be unavailable on acceptable terms, if at all. Pubcos failure to raise capital when needed could harm its business, operating results and financial condition. The issuance of additional shares or convertible securities by Pubco could make it difficult for another company to acquire Pubco , may dilute the ownership of Pubco stockholders and could adversely affect the price of Pubco Class A Common Stock. Future resales of Pubco Class A Common Stock after the consummation of the Business Combination may cause the market price of Pubcos securities to drop significantly, even if Pubcos business is doing well. Risks Related to Being a Public Company (Contd) Pubco will incur higher costs post - Business Combination as a result of being a public company, including additional legal, accounting , insurance and other expenses, as well as costs associated with public company reporting requirements. Pubcos management team is expected to have limited experience managing and operating a U.S. public company. If Pubco is unable to maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances, its business and reputation could be adversel y affected. Pubcos failure to timely and effectively implement controls and procedures required by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act that w ill be applicable to it following consummation of the Business Combination could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and prospects. Pubco will be an emerging growth company. The reduced public company reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth compani es may make Pubco Class A Common Stock less attractive to investors. Pubco will rely on Tether International S.A. de C.V., an affiliate of Tether Investments S.A. de C.V. (Tether), who will have a c on trolling interest in Pubco , for certain administrative and operational services. Risks Related to the Business Combination The market price of Pubco Class A Common Stock after the Business Combination will be affected by factors different from those currently affecting the pr ices of Class A ordinary shares of CEP (CEP Class A Ordinary Shares). The consummation of the Business Combination is subject to a number of conditions and if those conditions are not satisfied o r w aived, the Business Combination Agreement among the Parties (the Business Combination Agreement) may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the Business Combination may not be completed. The Business Combination Agreement contains provisions that limit CEP from seeking an alternative business combination. Members of CEPs management team and the CEP Board have significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executiv es or employees of other companies. Certain of those persons, as well as CEPs affiliates, have been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related to those companies or otherwise . T he defense or prosecution of these matters could be time - consuming and could divert CEP managements attention, and may have an adverse effect on CEP, which may impede CEPs ability to consummate the Business Combination. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect CEPs business, in clu ding CEPs ability to negotiate and complete the Business Combination. If the Business Combination is not approved and CEP does not consummate another initial business combination by its deadline, th en the Sponsors ordinary shares of CEP will become worthless and the expenses it has incurred will not be reimbursed. These interests may have influenced its decision to approve the Business Combination. A substantial majority of CEPs public shareholders may redeem their CEP Class A Ordinary Shares, which will reduce proceeds ava ilable to fund Pubcos operations following the Business Combination. The ability of public shareholders of CEP to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of CEPs public shares ma y reduce the public float of CEP Class A Ordinary Shares, reduce the liquidity of the trading market for the CEP Class A Ordinary Shares on Nasdaq, or make it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of shares of Pubco Class A Common Stock on Nasdaq, and consequently may not allow the parties to complete the Business Combination, or optimize Pubco's capital structure following the Business Combination. If CEP seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the Sponsor and CEPs directors, officers and their respective af filiates may elect to purchase CEP Class A Ordinary Shares from public shareholders, subject to any limitations under Rule 14e - 5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which may influence a vote on the Business Combination and reduce th e public float of CEP Class A Ordinary Shares. In connection with his confirmation as the 41st Secretary of Commerce, Howard W. Lutnick has stated his intention to divest h is interests in Cantor and its affiliates to comply with U.S. government ethics rules. We cannot predict the consequences of this divestiture. The ability of public shareholders of CEP to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of CEPs public shares ma y reduce the public float of CEP Class A Ordinary Shares, reduce the liquidity of the trading market for the CEP Class A Ordinary Shares on Nasdaq, or may prevent us from obtaining or maintaining the quotation, listing or trading of share s o f Pubco Class A Common Stock on the applicable securities exchange, and consequently may not allow the parties to complete the Business Combination, or optimize Pubco's capital structure following the Business Combination. 31 Risk Factors (Contd)

Risks Related to Ownership of Pubco Common Stock Following the Business Combination Securities of companies formed through mergers with special purpose acquisition companies such as Pubco may experience a material decline in price relative to the share price of the special purpose acquisition companies prior to th e merger. Volatility in Pubcos share price could subject Pubco to securities class action litigation. The number of issued shares of Pubco Class A Common Stock and additional issues of shares of Pubco Class A Common Stock may fluctuate substantially, which could lead to adverse tax consequences for the holders thereof. Currently, there is no public market for the shares of Pubco Class A Common Stock. Investors cannot be sure about whether the shares of Pubco Class A Common Stock will develop an active trading market, their market price or whether Pubco will successfully obtain authorization for listing on the Nasdaq. Since the completion of the initial public offering of CEP, there has been a precipitous drop in the market values of compani es formed through mergers involving special purpose acquisition companies. Accordingly, securities of companies such as Pubco may be more volatile than other securities and may involve special risks. Pubco may or may not pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Tether, through its voting control of Pubco , is in a position to control actions that require shareholder approval and may make decisions that are adverse to other shar eho lders. Pubco expects to qualify as a controlled company under applicable stock exchange rules and expects to avail itself of applicable ex em ptions from the corporate governance requirements thereof. Holders of Pubco Class A Common Stock have no voting rights. As a result, holders of Pubco Class A Common Stock will not have any ability to influence stockholder decisions. Because Pubco Class A Common Stock is non - voting, Pubco and its shareholders are exempt from certain provisions of U.S. securities laws. This may limit the information available to ho lders of Pubco Class A Common Stock. Sales of a substantial number of Pubco securities in the public market following the Business Combination could adversely affect the market price of Pubco Class A Common Stock. Risks Related to the Notes Pubcos indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the Notes. Pubco may be able to incur substantial indebtedness. This could exacerbate the risks to Pubcos financial condition described above and prevent Pubco from fulfilling its obligations under the Notes. Pubcos obligation to offer to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change will be triggered only by certain specifi ed transactions, and may discourage a transaction that could be beneficial to the holders of Pubco Class A Common Stock and the Notes. Pubco may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of its indebtedness, including the Notes, and may be forced to tak e other actions to satisfy its obligations under its indebtedness, which may not be successful. Pubcos inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy its debt obligations, or to refinance its indebtedness on commercially r easonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect Pubcos financial position and results of operations and Pubcos ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. The indenture for the Convertible Notes PIPE (the Indenture) contains terms which restrict Pubcos current and future operations, particularly its ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. The Indenture contains cross - default provisions that could result in the acceleration of all of Pubcos indebtedness. A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to Pubcos debt securities by rating agencies, if any, may increase Pubcos future borrowing costs and reduce its access to capital. The Notes will be secured by a substantial portion of the assets of Pubco . As a result of these security interests, such assets would only be available to satisfy claims of Pubcos general creditors or to holders of Pubcos equity securities if Pubco were to become insolvent to the extent the value of such assets exceeded the amount of Pubcos secured indebtedness and other obligations. In addition, the existence of these security interests may adversely affect Pubcos financial flexibility. Federal and state fraudulent transfer laws may permit a court to void the Notes and, if that occurs, the noteholders may not rec eive any payments on the Notes. There is limited trading and liquidity for the Notes, and notwithstanding any registration rights and trading being facilitat ed through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company, holders ability to sell the Notes could be limited. Pubco may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes, repurchase the Notes upon a fundame nt al change, purchase the Notes if tendered at the option of holders at the date specified in the indenture or repay the Notes in cash at their maturity, and Pubcos future debt may contain limitations on its ability to pay cash upon conversion, redemption or repurchase of the Notes. The conversion rate of the Notes may not be adjusted for all dilutive events that may occur. The increase in the conversion rate applicable to the Notes that holders convert in connection with a make - whole fundamental cha nge or notice of redemption may not adequately compensate you for the lost option time value of your Notes as a result of that make - whole fundamental change. Liquidity, regulatory actions, changes in market conditions and other events may adversely affect the trading price and liqui dit y of the Notes and the ability of investors to implement a convertible note arbitrage trading strategy. Upon conversion of the Notes, you may receive less valuable consideration than expected because the value of Pubco Class A Common Stock may decline after you exercise your conversion right but before Pubco settles the conversion obligation. Conversion or redemption may adversely affect your return on the Notes. The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, including the Notes, may have a material e ffe ct on Pubcos reported financial results. 32 Risk Factors (Contd)

Risks Related to the Notes (Contd) The market price of the Pubco Class A Common Stock, which may fluctuate significantly, may directly affect the market price for the Notes. As a holder of the Notes, you will not be entitled to any rights with respect to the Pubco Class A Common Stock, but you will be subject to all changes made with respect to the Pubco Class A Common Stock. The Notes are convertible into Pubco Class A Common Stock, which will not be entitled to voting rights even after the Notes are converted. As a result, you will be subject to all of the risks associated with holding Pubco Class A Common Stock. Risks Related to Taxation Future developments regarding the treatment of crypto assets for U.S. and foreign tax purposes could adversely impact Pubcs business. Unrealized fair value gains on Pubcos Bitcoin holdings could cause Pubco to become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Pubco may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities, including the potential taxation of unrealized gains on its Bi tc oin holdings. If CEP is characterized as a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, its U.S. shareholders m ay suffer adverse tax consequences. You may have to pay U.S. federal income tax if we adjust the conversion rate of the Notes in certain circumstances, even if y ou do not receive any cash. 33 Risk Factors (Contd)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023922201ex99-3_cantor.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF EQUITY PIPE INVESTOR PRESENTATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

Project Mystery Investor Presentation April 2025

Disclaimers and Other Important Information This presentation (this Presentation) is being furnished solely to recipients that are qualified institutional buyers as def ined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or institutional accredited investors (as defined in Rule 506 of Regulation D) (any such recipient, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, the Recipient) by Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. (CEP), Twenty - One Assets, LLC. (the Company), and Twenty - One Capital, Inc. ( Pubco and together with CEP and the Company, the Parties) solely for informational purposes of considering the opportunity to par tic ipate in the proposed private placement of convertible notes by Pubco (the Convertible Notes Offering) in connection with a potential business combination among the Parties and related transactions (the Business Combination and t oge ther with a proposed private offering of shares (the Equity PIPE Offering) and the Convertible Notes Offering, the Transactions). By reading this Presentation, the Recipient will be deemed to have agreed to the obligations and restric tio ns set out below. This Presentation and any oral statements made in connection with this Presentation do not constitute an offer to sell, or a sol icitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation to purchase, any securities in any jurisdiction, or the solicitation of any proxy, vote, consent or approval in any jurisdiction, in connection with the Transactions, nor shall there be any sale, issua nce or transfer of any securities in any jurisdiction where, or to any person to whom, such offer, solicitation or sale may be unlawful under the laws of such jurisdiction. This Presentation does not constitute either advice or a recommendation regardi ng any securities. Any offer to sell securities pursuant to the Convertible Notes Offering or the Equity PIPE Offering will be made only pursuant to a definitive subscription agreement and related documentation and will be made in reliance on an exe mpt ion from registration under the Securities Act for offers and sales of securities that do not involve a public offering. Any other solicitation or offering of securities shall be made only by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Sec urities Act or an exemption therefrom. The Parties reserve the right to withdraw or amend for any reason any offering and to reject any subscription agreement for any reason, or for no reason. The communication of this Presentation is restrict ed by law; it is not intended for distribution to, or use by any person in, any jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. The Recipient acknowledges that it is (a) aware that the United States securiti es laws prohibit any person who has material, non - public information concerning a company from purchasing or selling securities of such company or from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reas ona bly foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase or sell such securities, and (b) familiar with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act), an d t hat the Recipient will neither use, nor cause any third party to use, this Presentation or any information contained herein in contravention of the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 10b - 5 thereunder. The convertible notes that ar e to be issued in the Convertible Notes Offering and the Class A ordinary shares to be issued in the Equity PIPE Offering have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. No representations or warranties, express or implied, are given in, or in respect of, this Presentation. This Presentation is su bject to updating, completion, revision, verification and further amendment. None of the Parties or their respective affiliates has authorized anyone to provide interested parties with additional or different information. No securities regula tor y authority has expressed an opinion about the securities discussed in this Presentation or determined if this Presentation is truthful, accurate or complete, and it is an offense to claim otherwise. None of CEP, the Company or Pubco nor any of their respective subsidiaries, equity holders, affiliates, representatives, partners, members, directors, officers , employees, advisers or agents (collectively, Representatives) makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein or any ot her written, oral or other communications transmitted or otherwise made available to the Recipient in the course of its evaluation of the Transactions, and nothing contained herein shall be relied upon as a promise or representation whether as t o t he past or future performance. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Parties nor any of their Representatives shall be responsible or liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or loss of profit arising from the use of this Presentation, its contents, its accuracy or sufficiency, its omissions, its errors, reliance on the information contained within it, or on opinions communicated in relation thereto or otherwise arising in connection therewith. In additio n, the information contained herein does not purport to contain all of the information that may be required to evaluate the Transactions. The information contained in this Presentation is provided as of the date hereof and may change, and none of th e P arties nor any of their Representatives undertakes any obligation to update such information, including in the event that such information becomes inaccurate or incomplete. The general explanations included in this Presentation cannot address , n or is intended to address, your specific investment objectives, financial situations or financial needs. Recipients of this Presentation are not to construe its contents, or any prior or subsequent communications from or with any Par ty or their respective Representatives, as investment, legal or tax advice. In addition, this Presentation does not purport to be all - inclusive or to contain all of the information that may be required to make a full analysis of the Parties and each of the Transactions. Recipients of this Presentation should read the definitive documents for the Convertible Notes Offering or any other Transaction and make their own evaluation of the Parties and the Convertible Notes Offering or any othe r T ransactions and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. You are urged to request any additional information you may consider necessary or desirable in making an informed investment dec ision. You (and your Representative, if any) are invited, prior to the entry into any definitive documentation with respect to the Convertible Notes Offering or the consummation of any other Transaction, to ask questions of, and receive answ ers from, the Parties concerning the Transactions and to obtain additional information regarding the Transactions, to the extent the same can be acquired without unreasonable effort or expense, in order to verify the accuracy of the informatio n c ontained herein. Confidentiality This information is being distributed to you on a confidential basis. By receiving this information, you and your affiliates and Representatives agree to maintain the confidentiality of the information contained herein. Without the express prior written consent of each of the Parties, this Presentation and any information contained within it may not be ( i ) reproduced (in whole or in part), (ii) copied at any time, (iii) used for any purpose other than your evaluation of the Par tie s and the Transactions or (iv) provided to any person except your employees and advisors with a need to know who are advised of the con fid entiality of the information. This Presentation supersedes and replaces all previous oral or written communications between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof. Forward - Looking Statements This Presentation (and any oral statements regarding the subject matter of this Presentation) contains certain forward - looking s tatements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws with respect to the Parties and the Transactions, including expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, plans, prospects, financial results or strategies regarding Pubco , the Company, the Transactions and statements regarding the anticipated benefits and timing of the completion of the Transactions, the assets held by the Company, the price and volatility of Bitcoin, Bitcoins growing prominence as a digital ass et, and as the foundation of a new financial system, Pubco's listing on an applicable securities exchange, the macro and political conditions surrounding Bitcoin, timing of the next Bitcoin halving event planned business strategy including Pubco's ability to grow its shareholders ownership of Bitcoin over time and create, license and produce educational content and Bitcoin - related financial products and advisory services, plans and use of proceeds, objectives of management for future operati ons of the Company, expected operating costs of Pubco and its subsidiaries, the upside potential and opportunity for investors including insulation from movement in the price of Bitcoin and participation in the Convertible Notes Offering or a ny future convertible bonds, Pubco and the Companys plan for value creation and strategic advantages, market size and growth opportunities, regulatory conditions, competitive position and the interest of other corporations in similar business str ategies, technological and market trends, future financial condition and performance and expected financial impacts of the Transactions, the satisfaction of closing conditions to the Transactions and the level of redemptions of CEPs public sha reh olders, and Pubcos expectations, intentions, strategies, assumptions or beliefs about future events, results of operations or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. These forward - looking statements generall y are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, potential, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and s imi lar expressions. 2 Disclaimer

Forward - Looking Statements (Contd) Forward - looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events or conditions that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward - looking statements in this Presentation, including, but not lim ited to: the risk that the Transactions may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of CEPs securities; the risk that the Business Combination may not be completed by CEPs business combination deadline ; t he failure by the Parties to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the Business Combination, including the approval of CEPs shareholders, or either of the Convertible Notes Offering or the Equity PIPE Offering; failure to realize t he anticipated benefits of the Transactions; the level of redemptions of CEPs public shareholders which may reduce the public float of, reduce the liquidity of the trading market of, and/or maintain the quotation, listing, or trading of the Cla ss A ordinary shares of CEP or the shares of Class A common stock of Pubco ; the lack of a third - party fairness opinion in determining whether or not to pursue the Business Combination; the failure of Pubco to obtain or maintain the listing of its securities any stock exchange on which Pubco's Class A Common Stock will be listed after closing of the Business Combination; costs related to the Transactions and as a result of becoming a public company; changes in business, market, fin anc ial, political and regulatory conditions; risks relating to Pubcos anticipated operations and business, including the highly volatile nature of the price of Bitcoin; the risk that Pubcos stock price will be highly correlated to the price of Bitcoin and the price of Bitcoin may decrease between the signing of th e definitive documents for the Transaction and the closing of the Transactions or at any time after the closing of the Transactions; risks related to increased competition in the indus tri es in which Pubco will operate; risks relating to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty regarding Bitcoin; risks relating to the treatment of crypto assets for U.S. and foreign tax purposes; risks that after consu mma tion of the Business Combination, Pubco experiences difficulties managing its growth and expanding operations; the risks that growing Pubcos learning programs and educational content could be difficult; challenges in implementing its business plan including Bitcoin - re lated financial and advisory services, due to operational challenges, significant competition and regulation; being considered to be a shell company by any stock exchange on which the Pubco Class A Common Stock will be listed or by the SEC, which may impact the ability to list Pubco's Class A common stock and restrict reliance on certain rules or forms in connection with the offering, sale or resale of securities; the outcome of any potential legal proc eed ings that may be instituted against the Company, CEP, Pubco or others following announcement of the Business Combination; and those risk factors discussed in documents of Pubco , the Company, or CEP filed, or to be filed, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks an d uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of the final prospectus of CEP dated as of August 12, 2024 and filed by CEP with the SEC on August 13, 2024, CEPs Quarterly Reports on Form 10 - Q, CEPs Annual Report on Form 10 - K to be filed with the SEC and the registration statement on Form S - 4 and proxy statement/prospectus that will be filed by Pubco and CEP, and other documents filed by CEP and Pubco from time to time with the SEC, as well as the list of risk factors included in Annex A hereto. These filings do or will iden ti fy and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward - looking statements. There may be additi onal risks that neither CEP or Pubco presently know or that CEP and Pubco currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward - looking statements. Forward - looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward - l ooking statements, and none of the Parties or any of their Representatives assumes any obligation and do not intend to update or revise these forward - looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise . None of the Parties or any of its Representatives gives any assurance that any of CEP, the Company or Pubco will achieve its expectations. The inclusion of any statement in this presentation does not constitute an admission by Pubco or CEP or any other person that the events or circumstances described in such statement are material. Industry and Market Data This Presentation has been prepared by the Parties and their Representatives and includes market data and other statistical i nfo rmation from third - party industry publications and sources as well as from research reports prepared for other purposes. Although the Parties believe these third - party sources are reliable as of their respective dates, none of the Parties or any of their respective Representatives has independently verified the accuracy or completeness of this information and cannot assure you of the datas accuracy or completeness. Some data are also based on the Parties good faith estimates, whi ch are derived from both internal sources and the third - party sources. None of the Parties or their Representatives make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy of such information. The Parties expressly disclaim any resp ons ibility or liability for any damages or losses in connection with the use of such information herein. Accordingly, such information and data may not be included in, may be adjusted in, or may be presented differently in, any registration stateme nt, prospectus, proxy statement or other report or document to be filed or furnished by CEP or Pubco , or any other report or document to be filed by Pubco following completion of the Business Combination with the SEC. Trademarks and Intellectual Property All trademarks, service marks, and trade names of any Party or their respective affiliates used herein are trademarks, servic e m arks, or registered trade names of such Party or its respective affiliate, respectively, as noted herein. Any other product, company names, or logos mentioned herein are the trademarks and/or intellectual property of their respective owners, and thei r u se is not alone intended to, and does not alone imply, a relationship with any Party, or an endorsement or sponsorship by or of any Party. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this Pre sen tation may appear without the , TM or SM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that any Party or the applicable rights owner will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights or the rig ht of the applicable owner or licensor to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. Additional Information and Where to Find It In connection with the Business Combination, CEP and Pubco intend to file relevant materials with the SEC, including a registration statement on Form S - 4, which will include a document t hat serves as a joint prospectus and proxy statement, referred to as a proxy statement/prospectus. A proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to all CEP shareholders. CEP will also fi le other documents regarding the Transactions with the SEC. Before making any voting or investment decision, investors, shareholders and other interested persons of CEP are urged to rea d t he registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with Transactions carefully and in their entirety as they become available because they will conta in important information about the Transactions. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospect us and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by CEP through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. The documents filed by CEP and Pubco with the SEC also may be obtained free of charge, once available, on the SECs website at www.sec.gov or by directing a reque st to: Cantor Equity Partners, Inc., 110 East 59th Street, New York, NY 10022; e - mail: CantorEquityPartners@cantor.com, or upon written request to Twenty One Capital , Inc., via email at info@xxi.money , respectively. Participants in Solicitation CEP, Pubco , the Company and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed under SEC rules to be participants in the s oli citation of proxies from CEPs shareholders in connection with the Business Combination. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers, and information regarding their interests in the Business Combination and the ir ownership of CEPs securities are, or will be, contained in CEPs filings with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies of CEPs shareho lde rs in connection with the Business Combination, including and the names and interests of the Company and Pubcos directors and executive officers, will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus on Form S - 4 for the Business Combination, which is expected to be filed by Pubco and CEP with the SEC. You may obtain free copies of these documents as described in the preceding paragraph. 3 Disclaimer (Contd)

Twenty One Capital, Inc. (Twenty One or the Company) is a purpose - built vehicle for Bitcoin investment through the public equity markets, unlocking a potentially compelling opportunity for value creation as an innovative company with multiple Bitcoin - focused business lines Bitcoin Thesis A confluence of factors including growing adoption by institutions and governments, elevated levels of global inflation, ongoing geopolitical instability, and the possibility of regulatory clarity are driving increased interest in Bitcoin Twenty Ones Value Proposition Launching with the 3 rd largest corporate Bitcoin treasury of ~42,000 BTC at closing , Twenty One plans to leverage its Bitcoin to generate returns for its shareholders and benefit from Bitcoins potential for price appreciation At closing, Twenty One will be majority - owned by Tether, the worlds largest stablecoin issuer (1) , and Bitfinex with significant minority ownership by SoftBank , one of the worlds leading technology investment companies Investment Opportunity Twenty One is targeting $585 (2) million of total financing consisting of (i) $385 (2) million of convertible debt and (ii) $200 million of equity (collectively, the PIPE Investment) to be announced concurrently with the Companys business combination with Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. (CEP or the SPAC) (the Transaction) (3) Investors would get an opportunity to purchase equity at a ~1.0x multiple to Bitcoin Net Asset Value (NAV) , where other co mpa nies pursuing a bitcoin treasury strategy regularly trade at a premium to NAV 4 Executive Summary 1 2 3 4 (1) Per Forbes Top Stablecoins Coins Today By Market Cap web page as of March 28, 2025. (2) Includes $45M of convertible note principal issued to Sponsor. (3) Proceeds of the PIPE Investment will be used to facilitate the purchase of bitcoin, to pay future convertible interest expens es, and general corporate purposes.

5 Management Bios Jack Mallers is a visionary entrepreneur and one of Bitcoins most influential advocates, shaping its perception and furtheri ng its adoption by institutions, corporations, and governments. As the Founder & CEO of Strike, he built one of the worlds leading digital payment providers built on Bitcoins Lightning Ne two rk, pioneering Bitcoin brokerage infrastructure and Bitcoins integration into corporate balance sheets. His leadership was instrumental in El Salvadors historic decision to become the first nation to adopt Bitcoin as an official currency, a major milestone in sovereign Bitcoin po licy. Beyond Strike, Jack is a key advocate for Bitcoins integration into global finance, engaging with institutional investors, p oli cymakers, and enterprises to accelerate its adoption as the worlds premier monetary asset. Now, as Co - Founder & CEO of Twenty One, he is building the first true Bitcoin - native public company, designed to maximize Bitcoi n Per Share (BPS) and redefine corporate treasury strategy for the Bitcoin era. Jack Mallers Chief Executive Officer Steve Meehan is a financial services & management professional with 25 + years of financial and operational leadership experience spanning corporate strategy, M&A, capital raising, and FP&A . Previously, Mr . Meehan served as the CFO of Kadmon Holdings, Inc . , a publicly traded life science company, where he assisted in the development of a drug from the lab to FDA approval, and the subsequent sale for ~ $ 2 Billion to Sanofi . Before Kadmon , Mr . Meehan served as a partner in the Healthcare Group of Moelis & Company, leading their effort in Life Sciences and Advanced Diagnostics . Prior to Moelis, Mr . Meehan was Head of Life Sciences within the Global Healthcare Group in the New York office of UBS Investment Bank . During his tenure at UBS, Mr . Meehan was Chief Executive Officer of UBS Russia and the former Soviet Union across all businesses, including securities, banking, and wealth management . He was also a member of the UBS Groups EMEA Management Committee . Mr . Meehan also served as a Managing Director/Head of M&A and Co - Head of Life Sciences at Scale Consulting where he provided advisory and due diligence consultancy services for Private Equity companies . During his investment banking career, Mr . Meehan also held senior roles in M&A, leveraged finance and capital markets at Salomon Smith Barney, NatWest Securities and Drexel Burnham Lambert . In addition, he has served on several healthcare boards of directors and advisors . Mr . Meehan holds a B . S . in Business Administration/Finance from the University of Massachusetts at Lowell . Steve Meehan Chief Financial Officer

I. The Bitcoin Thesis II. Investment Opportunity Overview Appendix A Appendix B Table of Contents

I. The Bitcoin Thesis

8 Why Bitcoin and Why Now? Why Bitcoin? Why Now? Limited Supply Immutable, verifiable supply limit of 21 million total Bitcoin Capped supply creates scarcity, and positions Bitcoin as a hedging asset against inflationary pressures Inflection Point for Adoption Anticipated growing regulatory clarity and institutional adoption Inflation & currency devaluation fueling demand for scarce assets Institutional & Sovereign Adoption Over 10% of Bitcoins supply held by corporations, governments, and institutions (1) Increasingly recognized as a strategic treasury asset Accounting Reform (FASB Update) Bitcoin can now be marked to fair value, reflecting capital gains Superior Historical Performance The best - performing asset relative to major assets since 2020 ETFs & Institutional Accessibility Accelerating adoption of Spot Bitcoin ETFs has added liquidity and structure to Bitcoin markets (6) Hedge Against Currency & Geopolitical Ris k Highly uncorrelated asset, offering diversification beyond equities, bonds, and commodities Potential safeguard against currency devaluation for corporate balance sheets First - Mover Competitive Advantage Early adopters of Bitcoin treasury strategy have enhanced shareholder returns (7) Companies acting now could gain an edge in an increasingly digital economy It is an ideal time for corporations to embrace Bitcoin as a strategic asset, unlocking long - term value and a competitive edge t hrough early adoption Bitcoin S&P500 Mag. 7 Gold Real Est. 3 yrs. Cuml. 79% 22% 65% 59% (13%) 3 yrs. CAGR 21% 7% 18% 17% (5%) 5 yrs. Cumm. 864% 120% 219% 90% 34% 5 yrs. CAGR 57% 17% 26% 14% 6% (3) (4) (5) (4) (5) ( 2 ) (1) Per bitcointreasuries.net as of March 28, 2025. (2) Per S &P Capital IQ and FactSet as of March 28 , 2025. (3) Magnificent 7 consists of (i) Nvidia, (ii) Tesla, (iii) Alphabet, (iv) Meta, (v) Apple, (vi) Netflix, and (vii) Amazon. (4) Calculated based on performance from March 28, 2022 to March 28, 2025. (5) Calculated based on performance from March 27, 2020 to March 28, 2025. (6) Per Investopedia article Spot Bitcoin ETFs: Everything You Need to Know. published on October 24, 2024. (7) Per bitcointreasuries.net and Capital IQ as of March 28, 2025. Return since first buying bitcoin: MSTR = 2,045.5% (August 11, 2020 to March 28, 2025); RIOT = 507.4% (January 1, 2020 to March 28, 2025). 

9 Bitcoin is the Gold Standard of Digital Capital Bitcoin increasingly recognized as Digital Gold, combining the attributes of physical gold with the advantages of digital tec hnology Hedging Asset Viewed as a potential safeguard against currency devaluations or geopolitical risks Deflationary Supply Increasing difficulty of new coin mining over time enhances value proposition of existing Bitcoin Finite Supply Bitcoins capped supply of 21 million coins creates gold - like scarcity Portable & Digital More easily transferrable than physical commodities & digitally storable Global Liquidity Highly liquid Bitcoin trading markets on numerous exchanges around the world Security & Transparency Transactions secured by cryptography & recorded on immutable, distributed ledger Insulation from External Factors Not governed by traditional institutions such as governments and financial firms Decentralized Architecture Blockchain technology unlocks real - time visibilitity throughout a distributed network

0 20 40 60 80 100 120 $0.00 $20.00 $40.00 $60.00 $80.00 $100.00 $120.00 Mar-24 Jun-24 Sep-24 Dec-24 Mar-25 Volume (in 000's) Price ($ in 000's) Bitcoin currently makes up ~0.2% of Total Global Asset Value ~113,711 Peak BTC Trading Volume ~$109,993 Peak BTC Price ~19.2% LTM BTC Price Growth 10 Bitcoin has Seen Significant Growth, But Remains a Small Fraction of Global Wealth Bitcoin Has Shown Significant Growth (1) But is Still Only a Fraction of Global Asset / Wealth (2) Note: BTC transaction per day growth based on a 30 - day moving average. (1) Per FactSet as of March 28 , 2025. Prices taken at U.S. Stock Market close. (2) Asset values over $100T are rounded to the nearest $5T. (3) Per Savills, Total Value of Global Real Estate published on September 20, 2023. (4) Per Institution of International Finance Winds of Change - Prospects for Debt Markets in 2025 published December 3, 2024. (5) Per focus.world - exchanges.org published January 2025. (6) Per FactSet as of December 31, 2024. (7) Per gold.org as of December 31, 2024. Assumes ~216 K metric tons of above ground gold. (8) Per Deloitte, Art and Finance Report 2023. (9) Per companiesmarketcap.com as of March 28 , 2025. (10) Represents BTC price growth from March 28 , 2024 to March 28 , 2025. (11) Per Invest o pedia , Bitcoins Price History. published January 21, 2025. (12) Achieved on December 5, 2024. (1)(10) (1)(12) (1 1) Bitcoin: ~$1.6T (9) Art & Collectibles: ~ $2T (8) Total Global Asset Value: ~$967T Real Estate ~$380T (3) Bond ~$320T (4) Equities ~$125T (5) Fiat Currency ~$115T (6) Gold ~$23T (7)

Asset Market Cap ($tn) Price ($) 3-Year CAGR 5-Year CAGR Gold $23.4 $3,071.6 16.5% 13.8% Magnificent 7 9.0 n.m. 20.2% 24.7% Bitcoin 1.6 84,326.0 22.9% 57.3% Bonds n.a. 516.2 1.6% 1.7% Real Estate n.a. 260.6 (4.8%) 6.2% 11 Bitcoins Performance vs. Top Assets Bitcoins strong historical performance highlights its resilience and growing prominence as a digital asset, positioning it a mon g the most valuable investment asset classes 0 1 2 3 4 5 Years Traditional 60/40 Portfolio 60/35/5 Porftolio ( 6 ) (7) (4) Over the Last Five Years, Bitcoins Returns Have Significantly Outpaced Those from Traditional Investment Assets (1) Last 5 Years Impact of Bitcoin Allocation on a Traditional Portfolio (1)(8) $197.5 $172.1 Bitcoin has outperformed traditional assets on a risk - adjusted basis over the past 5 years: Bitcoin: 0.95 (11) S&P 500: 0.73 (12) SPDR Gold: 0.65 (12) Why does this matter? Even with its volatility, Bitcoins returns have more than compensated investors for the risk over the past 5 years outperforming stocks and gold when adjusted for volatility Bitcoin Has Delivered Superior Risk Adjust Returns Note: Historical performance is not an indication of future performance; digital asset prices are highly volatile (1) Per Capital IQ and FactSet as of March 28, 2025. (2) From March 31, 2022 to March 28 , 2025. (3) From March 31, 2020 to March 28 , 2025. (4) Per gold.org. Assumes 216,265 metric tons of above ground gold as of December 31, 2024. (5) Magnificent 7: Nvidia, Tesla, Alphabet, Meta, Apple, Netflix, and Amazon. (6) S&P 500 Bond Index. (7) S&P 500 Real Estate Index. (8) Historical impact shown over 5 CAGR of Traditional Portfolio vs. BTC Allocation. (9) 60/40 Portfolio consists of 60% equities (S&P 500) and 40% bonds (S&P 500 Bond Index). (10) 60/35/5 Portfolio consists of 60% equities (S&P 500) , 35% bonds (S&P 500 Bond Index), and 5% Bitcoin. (11) Calculated using data from March 27, 2020 to March 28, 2025, based on daily returns per FactSet; Risk - free rate of 4.239%, based on the U.S. 10 - year Treasury yield at close as of March 28, 2025 per Wall Street Journal. (12) Per MorningStar.com. ~15% increase (9) (10) Portfolio Value (Indexed to 100) (3) (2) ( 5 )

2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 It will be the policy of my administration, United States of America, to keep 100% of all the bitcoin the U.S. government currently holds or acquires into the future. (2) 12 Macro and Political Conditions Viewed as Favorable for Bitcoin Growth U.S. Administration Seen as Favorable to Bitcoin Growth in U.S. Fiat Currency Supply (1) Donald Trump U.S. President Reinvigorated interest underpinned by substantial pro - crypto regulatory changes x Bitcoin as a Treasury Reserve Asset: Explore holding Bitcoin as part of the U.S. Treasury's strategic reserves (4) x Improved Regulatory Clarity: Develop unified & clear federal regulatory framework for Bitcoin & other digital assets to provide certainty for businesses and investors (4) x Stablecoin and Digital Asset Legislation: Pass legislation covering stablecoins & cryptocurrency exchanges (5) x Tax Reform: Simplify cryptocurrency taxation rules and address issues like capital gains on small transactions to promote Bitcoin use as a payment tool (6) Trumps new administration is viewed as strongly pro - crypto Potential Regulatory Developments Securities & Exchange Commission Reconsidering Crypto Regulation Posture The price of Bitcoin has risen 21.5% since Trump won the election (3) (1) From February 1, 2015 to February 1, 2025; Per fred.stlouisfed.org as of March 25 , 2025 (2) Per CNCB, Trump signs executive order promoting crypto, paving way for digital asset stockpile., January 23, 2023 (3) Change in Bitcoin price from November 5, 2024 to March 28, 2025 per FactSet. (4) Per whitehouse.gov, Strengthening American Leadership in Digital Financial Technology. , January 23, 2025. (5) Per whitehouse.gov, Fact Sheet: Executive Order to Establish United States Leadership in Digital Financial Technology., January 23, 2025. (6) Per Forbes, Financial Capital Gains Signaled for U.S. Crypto. , January 27, 2025. Covid - 19 Pandemic 05/01/2023 08/03/2021 11/21/2024 ($ in billions) $21,671 $11,906

13 Corporations are Showing Interest in Holding Bitcoin on Balance Sheet Medical products for chronic illness detection & treatment Hotel development and operation Bitcoin mining, data center hosting, & engineering services Cryptocurrency mining, with a primary focus on Bitcoin Enterprise business analytics and mobility software Business Description BTC Holdings BTC Value (6) ($ in millions) Mkt. Cap (7) / BTC Value (6) 506,137 BTC 46,374 BTC 18,692 BTC 3,200 BTC 3,192 BTC $42,681 $3,911 $1,576 $270 $269 1.8x 1.1x 1.6x 4.3x 1.3x (1) Per Strategy 8 - K filed on March 24, 2025. (2) Per Mara Press Release filed on February 28, 2025. (3) Per Riot Press Release filed on February 28, 2025. (4) Per MetaPlanet Press Release, March 5, 2025. (5) Per Semler 8 - K filed on February 4, 2025. (6) Per FactSet as of March 28, 2025. (7) Per Capital IQ as of March 28, 2025. (1) (2) (3) (4) (5)

Mar-2023 Jul-2023 Nov-2023 Mar-2024 Jul-2024 Nov-2024 Mar-2025 BTC Mined / Day MSTR Avg. Daily BTC Purchases MSTR Buying Avg. as a % of Mined MSTR Buying Avg. as a % of Mined (Post Halving) 186% 72% 14 Bitcoins Inherent Supply Constraints Contribute to Demand Sensitivity Bitcoin is Fundamentally Demand Sensitive Mathematical Constraints on Bitcoin Mining May Lead to a Supply Gap 21 Million Finite, Fixed Bitcoin Supply ~450 Bitcoin Current Daily Mining Limit Mathematical Supply Limits Create Price Sensitivity to Any New Source of Demand MSTR's current demand for new Bitcoin far exceeds current daily Bitcoin mining output (1) (3) (1) Per bitcoinvisuals.com as of March 28, 2025. (2) Per https://bitcointreasuries.net/about; Daily purchasing average taken quarterly. (3) (144 blocks per day) x (3.125 BTC per block) = 450 BTC per day. Halvin g Event (04/20/24) Bitcoin Halving Event Block: A batch of Bitcoin transactions recorded on the blockchain Bitcoin Reward: Miners earn Bitcoin for validating and adding a new block (max: 144 blocks / day) Halving: Every 210,000 blocks, the block reward is cut in half to reduce supply inflation Pre - 2024: 6.250 BTC / block Post - 2024: 3.125 BTC / block Next Halving: Expected in April 2028, reducing the block reward to 1.5625 BTC. Halving reduces new Bitcoin supply, increasing scarcity, which can drive demand and new price discovery (2)

Total Bitcoin 38.3 70.5 91.3 105.1 114.0 124.4 129.2 129.7 130.0 132.5 140.0 152.3 158.2 189.2 214.3 226.3 252.2 447.7 506.1 Market Cap / Bitcoin Value n.m. 1.8x 1.2x 1.8x 1.2x 1.0x 0.9x 0.7x 0.9x 0.7x 0.8x 1.0x 1.1x 1.2x 1.9x 1.8x 2.1x 1.7x 1.8x 38.3 70.5 91.3 105.1 114.0 124.4 129.2 129.7 130.0 132.5 140.0 152.3 158.2 189.2 214.3 226.3 252.2 447.7 38.3 32.2 20.8 13.8 8.9 10.4 4.8 0.5 0.3 2.5 7.5 12.3 5.9 31.0 25.1 12.0 25.9 195.5 58.4 Q3'20 Q4'20 Q1'21 Q2'21 Q3'21 Q4'21 Q1'22 Q2'22 Q3'22 Q4'22 Q1'23 Q2'23 Q3'23 Q4'23 Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Current 15 MSTRs Road to Becoming a Bitcoin Holding Company MSTRs Bitcoin Strategic Treasury Reserve Growth Current Bitcoin Holdings Capital Raised to Acquire Bitcoin Since 2021 Current BTC Holdings ~506,137 BTC Current BTC Value (2) ~$42.7 Billion ATM Proceeds ~$22.0 Billion Convertible Notes Proceeds ~$9.3 Billion (1) Per FactSet and Public Filings as of March 28, 2025. (2) Per Company 10Ks and 10Qs up through March 28, 2025. (3) Per Capital IQ. (4) Per FactSet. (5) Per Strategy 8 - K filed on March 24, 2025. (6) Based upon 506,137 Bitcoins at a price of $84,326 per Bitcoin as of March 28, 2025 per FactSet. (7) Per MSTR 2024 10 - K, MSTR 2023 10 - K, MSTR 2022 10 - K, and MSTR 2/24/25 8 - K. (2) (BTC in 000s) Bitcoin Price Convert Deal Bitcoin at Start of Quarter Bitcoin Purchased in the Quarter $650M Convert ( 12/11/20) $1,050M Convert ( 2/19/21 ) $800M Convert (0 3/08/24) $604M Convert (0 3/18/24) $800M Convert (0 6/17/24) $1,010M Convert (0 9/19/24) $3,000M Convert ( 11/21/24) $2,000M Convert (0 2/21/25) (1) ( 2 ) (6) (5) (7) (7) ( 3 ) (4)

16 MSTR: Raising Capital to Acquire Bitcoin Mar - 24: $800M (Convertible Notes) Mar - 24: $604M (Convertible Notes) Jun - 24: $800M (Convertible Notes) Aug - 24: $2,000M (ATM Offering) 2021 2022 2023 2024 Feb - 21: $1,050M (Convertible Notes) June - 21: $1,000M (ATM Offering) May - 23: $625M (ATM Offering) Aug - 23: $750M (ATM Offering) Nov - 23: $750M (ATM Offering) Sep - 22: $500M (ATM Offering) Sep - 24: $1,010M (Convertible Notes) Oct - 24: $21,000M (ATM Offering) Dec - 24: $3,000M (Convertible Notes) Bitcoin Balance 124,391 BTC 132,500 BTC 189,150 BTC 506,137 BTC 447,470 BTC MSTR Recently Raised $2 Billion at Attractive Terms The MSTR Bitcoin Accumulation Strategy Strategy, Inc. (NASDAQ: MSTR) Issuer: February 20, 2025 (After Market Close) Pricing Date: Convertible Senior Unsecured Notes due 2030 (March 1, 2030) Securities Offered: $2.0 Billion (including $300.0 Million Greenshoe) Deal Size: 0.00% (Marketed Range: Fixed) Coupon: 35.00% (Marketed Range: 40.00% - 50.00%) Conversion Premium: Non - callable for 2 years, provisionally callable thereafter if the stock price appreciates to greater than 130.0% of the conversion price, with table make - whole Call Schedule: 3 Year Investor Put (March 1, 2028) Investor Put Right: x Leverage Favorable Capital: Raise funds through low - interest financial instruments like convertible notes and senior bonds x Tap Into Investor Optimism: Attract investors by aligning with the growing interest in Bitcoin and the companys strong market positioning x Deploy Funds Strategically: Use the borrowed capital to acquire Bitcoin as a long - term store of value and inflation hedge x Amplify Returns: Enhance the potential for high returns through Bitcoins appreciation while minimizing the direct impact on operational cash flow x Repeat and Scale: Continuously reinvest in Bitcoin by capitalizing on favorable borrowing conditions when available (1) Per public filings as of March 28, 2025. (2) Aggregate liquidation preference of $730 million. Gross proceeds to MSTR of $584 million. (3) Represents Bitcoin Balance at year end. (4) Per Strategy 8K as of March 24, 2025. (5) Per Company Filings and DealLogic as of March 28, 2025. 2025 Jan - 25: $730M (Convertible Preferred) Feb - 25: $2,000M (Convertible Notes) Mar - 25: $850M (Convertible Preferred) ( 4 ) (2) (1) Historical Capital Raised Through Convertibles Notes and At - the - Market Offerings Since 2021 (3) (5) (3) (3) (3)

II. Investment Opportunity Overview

18 Offering Summary Term Sheet CEP and Twenty One are considering raising equity through a PIPE Cantor Equity Partners (CEP) / Cayman Islands (1) Issuer / Incorporation April 22, 2025 Pricing Date Upon closing of the Business Combination Issue Date $200 million Deal Size Non - Voting Class A Shares (the Shares) (2) Securities Offered CEP and Twenty One to use commercially reasonable efforts to have the Shares registered on the Form S - 4 registration statement and otherwise to register the Shares on a Form S - 1 to be filed after closing Registration $385 (3) million Convertible Senior Notes Offering Concurrent Convertible Notes Offering Cantor Fitzgerald Sole Placement Agent (1) Subject to confirmation by CEP counsel. (2) Note: Twenty One Class A shares entitled to 0 vote per share and Twenty One Class B shares entitled to 1 vote per share. (3) Includes $45M of convertible note principal issued to Sponsor.

19 Opportunity for Investors Twenty Ones innovative strategies leverage Bitcoin to create unique investment opportunities, offering substantial upside po ten tial Bitcoin Exposure Proceeds from financing will be used to fund strategic acquisitions of Bitcoin, a historically high - performing asset, and execute growth strategies (1) Bitcoin - Native Operations Twenty Ones Bitcoin - native operational structure is expected to result in significantly lower operating costs vs. other Bitcoin treasury companies & its ability to focus primarily on Bitcoin - centric metrics and bitcoin related operations differentiates the Company from others in the space Ownership At closing, the Company will be majority owned by Tether, the worlds largest stablecoin issuer, and Bitfinex, with significant minority ownership by SoftBank, one of the worlds leading technology investment companies Exchange - Traded Instrument Offers investors the opportunity to gain exposure to Bitcoin through an instrument that is tradable on public markets Attractive Equity Investment PIPE investors will have ability to have ability to benefit from any share price appreciation through an equity instrument priced at ~1.0x NAV (1) To facilitate the purchase of bitcoin, to pay future convertible interest expenses, and general corporate purposes.

20 Twenty Ones Plan for Value Creation The Company has developed a streamlined value proposition as an innovative company with multiple Bitcoin - focused business lines Strategic Bitcoin accumulation with intention of maximizing BPS and BRR 1 2 Prioritize long - term value creation for Twenty Ones common stock 4 Maintain an uncomplicated balance sheet 6 Grow rapidly and responsibly within the constraints of market dynamics 8 Utilize deliberate financing strategy to deliver superior performance for investors 5 Explore potential ways to creatively leverage Bitcoin 7 Promote global adoption of Bitcoin as a treasury reserve asset 3 Acquire Bitcoin in a shareholder friendly manner whenever possible

21 Twenty Ones Operational Business Plan A Road Map for Accumulation, Strategy, and Financing Twenty One will deploy a bitcoin accumulation and management strategy with the following mandates: BTC Accumulation Acquire Bitcoin Actively Manage Bitcoin Holdings Issue Debt / Equity securities for Bitcoin Purchase and other operating expense BTC Financing Twenty One expects to engage in a range of Bitcoin - related activities including: Bitcoin - related financial and advisory services Offering of Bitcoin - related debt and equity structured products Bitcoin - related lending BTC Education and Branding Twenty Ones mission will be to accelerate Bitcoin adoption and Bitcoin literacy at both institutional and retail levels Create, license and produce: Modular Educational Content Branded video media Act as the go - to content partner for Major Conferences Web3 Firms Fintech Institutions

The Companys value proposition offers several possible advantages over other Bitcoin investment options Twenty Ones Strategic Advantages (1) 22 Overall Relative Ranking Strategic Bitcoin Accumulation Use of Leverage Pure Play Bitcoin Exposure Company Bitcoin Treasury Companies Bitcoin ETFs Bitcoin - Exposed Corporates Bitcoin Miners As a Bitcoin - native company , Twenty One has several advantages vs. existing avenues for Bitcoin exposure in the market All business lines focused on Bitcoin - no unrelated legacy businesses Strategic Bitcoin accumulations vs. passive BTC investment Ability to strategically raise & deploy capital to increase Bitcoin per Share Blue - chip ownership aligned with Twenty Ones Bitcoin - centric operating model Commentary Note: Graphic shows an illustrative Harvey balls representation. Complete blue circles represent the highest relative ranking and complete white circles represent lowest relative ranking in each respective category. (1) Based on the Companys own view of the relative positioning of the various categories shown. 

23 Twenty One Compares Favorably to MSTR Across Metrics (1) Pure Play Bitcoin Exposure Bitcoin - Native Operations Existing Debt Balance Debt Collateralization (2) Insider Ownership Purpose - Built KPIs Note: Graphic shows an illustrative Harvey balls representation. Complete blue circles represent the highest relative ranking and complete white circles represent lowest relative ranking in each respective category. (1) Based on the Companys own view of the relative positioning of the various categories shown. (2) Subject to release upon certain events. (3) BPS = Bitcoin Per Share; BRR = Bitcoin Rate of Return. Twenty Ones Compelling Investment Possibility MSTRs size poses questions about potential diminishing returns as it continues to purchase Bitcoin With ~500,000 Bitcoin, MSTR must purchase larger quantities to increase BPS, reducing the per dollar impact of future capital deployments Twenty One will launch with ~42,000 Bitcoin and potential for a more capital - efficient growth trajectory Capital Efficiency Versus MSTR Twenty Ones balance sheet simplicity provides additional flexibility for strategic capital raises Innovative BTC KPIs As a purpose - built platform for Bitcoin investors, Twenty One will be guided by Bitcoin - specific KPIs including BPS and BRR (2) Commentary Twenty One is a potentially superior vehicle for investors seeking capital - efficient Bitcoin exposure

24 Illustrative Transaction Structure Commentary Illustrative Transaction Structure Note: Twenty One Class A & Class B shares entitled to 0 vote per share 1 vote per share respectively. Note: Bitcoin and Cash amounts do not reflect the potential exercise of option to purchase additional notes. Note: This slide does not take into account the $100 million in Option Notes which may be exercised by Subscribers to the convert within 30 days of signing. (1) Interest payable in either cash or shares. (2) Additional BTC calculated as 42,000 less Bitcoin from step 2A and step 6, less Bitcoin from step 2A and step 6, Bitcoin used as consideration in 2B, and Bitcoin purchased via option to purchase additional notes (if any). Tether and Bitfinex SPAC Shareholders SPAC Merger Sub NewCo SPAC Twenty One S1 S2 NewCo Merger Sub Convert Investors PIPE Investors At Announcement: Tether and Bitfinex agree to contribute 31,500 BTC at closing to NewCo in exchange for NewCo interests Within 10 business days, Tether purchases incremental ~$462M of BTC to be purchased by Twenty One upon closing of PIPE & Convert financings At Close: Tether and Bitfinex contribute 31,500 BTC in exchange for NewCo interests PIPE Investors contribute $200M of cash and BTC to SPAC in exchange for SPAC shares SPAC merges with and into SPAC Merger Sub SPAC shareholders (including PIPE Investors) receive Twenty One Class A shares in exchange for SPAC shares NewCo merges with and into NewCo Merger Sub Tether and Bitfinex receive Twenty One Class A & B shares in exchange for NewCo interests Convert Investors contribute $340M of cash to Twenty One in exchange for Twenty One Convert Twenty One purchases BTC from Step 1B using proceeds from Step 2B and Step 5 Softbank purchases Twenty One Class A & Class B shares from Tether for purchase price based on value of 10,500 BTC plus interest (1) If necessary, Tether sells additional BTC to Twenty One in exchange for Twenty One Class A and Class B shares (2) 1A 1B 3A 3B 4A 4B 5 6 7 2A 2B Softbank Tether and Bitfinex $171M Cash & ~29M of BTC SPAC Shares Value of 10,500 BTC plus interest paid in cash or shares Twenty One Class A & Class B Shares 7 1A 1B 31,500 BTC NewCo Shares Merger #1 Merger #2 Twenty One Class A Shares Twenty One Class A & Class B Shares 2A 2B 3A 3B 4A 4B 5 Twenty One Convert $340M Cash 6 ~$462M Cash ~$462M BTC 8 8

Illustrative Sources Illustrative Uses Source ($mm) (BTC) Use ($mm) (BTC) Bitcoin Contribution - Tether $1,588 18,713 Bitcoin Contribution - Tether $1,588 18,713 Bitcoin Contribution - Bitfinex 594 7,000 Bitcoin Contribution - Bitfinex 594 7,000 Bitcoin Contribution - Tether on Behalf of SoftBank 891 10,500 Bitcoin Contribution - Tether on Behalf of SoftBank 891 10,500 Tether Interim Funding 462 5,440 Bitcoin Purchases 462 5,440 Bitcoin Contributed In-Kind 29 348 Bitcoin Contributed In-Kind 29 348 Total Sources $3,564 42,000 Total Uses $3,564 42,000 25 Sources and Uses Bitcoin Contribution Assumptions: Bitcoin Contribution - Tether: 18,710 Bitcoin Contribution Bitfinex: 7,000 Bitcoin Contribution Tether on Behalf of SoftBank: 10,500 Bitcoin Contributed In - Kind from Investors: 348 Interim Funding & BTC Purchase Assumptions: Tether Interim Funding: $462M (2) Bitcoin Purchases: $462 (2) PIPE Proceeds: $200M Convertible Note Proceeds: 340M (3) Tether Repayment: $462M (2) De - SPAC Transaction Assumptions: SPAC Cash in Trust: $100M (5) SPAC Redemptions Percentage: 0.0% Estimated Fees & Expenses: ~$29M (6) Cash to Balance Sheet: ~$120M Illustrative Sources and Uses At Signing (1) Illustrative Assumptions Illustrative Sources and Uses At Closing (1) Note: This slide does not take into account the $100 million in option notes which may be exercised by subscribers to the con ver t within 30 days of signing. (1) Calculated using average BTC price over the 10 days prior to pricing of $84,864. (2) $540M less ~$50M to account for transaction expenses and operating expenses less $29M Bitcoin contributed in - kind. (3) Excludes $45M of convertible note principal issued to Sponsor. (4) Excludes ~$29M of Bitcoin contributed in - kind. (5) Assumes no redemptions; to be adjusted for interest earned on Trust account at closing. (6) Represents an estimate of transaction expenses as of current, which are subject to change until closing. (2) (2) (5) (4) (6) Illustrative Sources Illustrative Uses Source ($mm) Use ($mm) Convertible Note Proceeds $340 Tether Repayment $462 PIPE Cash Proceeds 171 Estimated Fees at Close 29 SPAC Cash in Trust 100 Cash for Operating Expenses 20 Other Cash to Balance Sheet 100 Total Sources $611 Total Uses $611

Shares Ownership % Vote % Tether 158.8 42.8% 51.7% Bitfinex 59.4 16.0% 19.3% Softbank 89.1 24.0% 29.0% Convertible Noteholders 26.2 7.1% 0.0% Public SPAC Shareholders 10.0 2.7% 0.0% PIPE Investors 20.0 5.4% 0.0% Sponsor 7.2 1.9% 0.0% Total 370.7 100.0% 100.0% Shares Ownership % Vote % Tether 158.8 46.6% 51.7% Bitfinex 59.4 17.4% 19.3% Softbank 89.1 26.1% 29.0% Public SPAC Shareholders 10.0 2.9% 0.0% PIPE Investors 20.0 5.9% 0.0% Sponsor 3.8 1.1% 0.0% Total 341.1 100.0% 100.0% 26 Pro Forma Ownership General Assumptions: SPAC Share Price: $10.00 Tether and SoftBank Assumptions: Tether Bitcoin Contribution Value ($M): $1,588 (1) Bitfinex Bitcoin Contribution Value ($M): $594 (2) Softbank Bitcoin Contribution Value ($M): $891 (3) Convert Assumptions: Convert Principal ($M): $385 (4) Conversion Price: $13.00 (10) Shares Underlying Convert Excl. Sponsor Convert (M): 29.6 SPAC Assumptions: Public SPAC Shares at Closing (M): 10.0 Public SPAC Redemption Percentage: 0.00% Additional Assumptions: Sponsor Shares (M): 3.8 (5) Sponsor Loans ($M): $0.5 (6) Sponsor Loan Shares (M): 0.05 Convert Principal Issued to Sponsor ($M): $44.8 Shares Underlying Sponsor Convert Principal (M): 3.4 Illustrative Pro Forma Ownership Pre - Convert Illustrative Assumptions Illustrative Pro Forma Ownership Post - Convert Note: This slide does not take into account the $100 million in option notes which may be exercised by subscribers to the convert within 30 days of signing (1) Calculated as (i) 18,713 BTC multiplied by (ii) average BTC price over the 10 days prior to pricing of $84,864. (2) Calculated as (i) 7,000 BTC multiplied by (ii) average BTC price over the 10 days prior to pricing of $84,864. (3) Calculated as (i) 10,500 BTC multiplied by (ii) average BTC price over the 10 days prior to pricing of $84,864, contributed initially by Tether. (4) Includes $45M of convertible note principal issued to Sponsor. (5) Includes ( i ) 1.3 million SPAC Class A shares and (ii) 2.5 million SPAC Class B shares. (6) Based on current outstanding Sponsor Loan balance of ~$500,000. (7) Twenty One Class A and Class B Shares. (8) Option for interest on Tether loan to SoftBank to be paid in shares may change share count marginally. (9) Twenty One Class A Shares. (10) Calculated using Bitcoin price at signing and closing of $84,864; Conversion Price to be adjusted based on a ratio of Bitcoin price at closing to Bitcoin price at signing. (7)(8) (7)( 8 ) (9) (9) (9) (7)(8) (9) (9) (9) (9) (7)(8) (7)( 8 ) (7)(8)

Appendix A

28 Offering Summary Term Sheet Twenty One is considering issuing Convertible Senior Notes (1) Includes $45M of convertible note principal issued to Sponsor. (2) Note: Twenty One Class A shares entitled to 0 vote per share and Twenty One Class B shares entitled to 1 vote per share. (3) Bitcoin will be purchased by Tether within 10 business days of signing, using an amount equal to the PIPE subscription procee ds (net of fees, expenses, and cash to be retained by Pubco ) and will be contributed at Closing. (4) Bitcoin will be purchased by Tether within 10 business days after the end of the option period, using an amount equal to the PIP E subscription proceeds (net of fees, expenses, and cash to be retained by Pubco ) and will be contributed at Closing, April 22, 2025 Pricing Date Upon closing of the Business Combination Issue Date Twenty One Capital, Inc. (XXI) / Texas, US Issuer / Incorporation Convertible Notes Securities Offered Launch via confidential Wall Cross $385 (1) million Deal Size / Notional Private Placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) with intent to wrap the notes with a 144A CUSIP on the Issue Date (to facilitat e p ost - closing trading among QIBs) and SEC - register the notes and shares underlying as promptly as practicable after the Issue Date Form of Offering Senior with no permitted senior secured indebtedness that ranks senior to the notes. Convertible Notes to be 3:1 collateraliz ed (33.3% LTV) as of Closing Date Debt Ranking / LTV The NAV of the underlying collateral will be calculated at the end of every quarter based on a 10 - day average lookback (Average Price). For each quarter where the price of BTC has increased 33.3% above (the Qualifying Price) the 10 - day average price of BTC as of the day before closing (the Average Bitcoin Price at Closi ng), collateral equal to 40% of the value of the increase in collateral above the Average Bitcoin Price at Closing will be released in an un - clawbackable manner. For each calendar quarter after the initial collateral release, the additional collateral to be released will be 40% of the value of the increase in collateral above the highest previous Average Price. The public float of Twenty One will be calculated at the end of every quarter based on a 10 - day average lookback (Public Float ). For each quarter where the Public Float is >200% of the par notional value of the notes (the Qualifying Float), collateral equal to 66.6% of the value of the Qualifying Float will be released in an un - clawbackable manner. For each calendar quarter after the initial collateral release, the additional collateral to be released will be 66.6% of the value of the increase in collateral above t he highest previous Qualifying Float. Collateral Release Mechanism 5 - years (2030) Maturity Non - callable for 3.0 years from Issue Date, thereafter callable partially or in whole, if the stock trades at 130% of the Conver sion Price for 20 out of 30 consecutive days, plus Make - Whole Shares (grid) Issuer Redemption Discrete investor put right at 100% of Notional plus accrued interest, 3.0 - years from Issue Date Investor Put Right Anti - dilution and Fundamental Change including Make - Whole Shares (grid) Investor Protections $1,000 per Note Denomination $10.00 per share Twenty One Reference Price 1% payable semi - annually in cash Coupon Reference Price * (Average Bitcoin Price at Closing / Base Bitcoin Price) Conversion Reference Price 130% of Conversion Reference Price Conversion Premium During any calendar quarter after December 31, 2025 if the last reported sale price of the Common Stock on each of at least 2 0 t rading days during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately proceeding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on such trading day Investor Conversion Rights Cash, Class A Shares (2) or any combination thereof upon conversion at Twenty Ones election (Instrument X) Settlement Type To facilitate the purchase of bitcoin (3) , to pay future convertible interest expenses, and general corporate purposes Use of Proceeds $100M (4) Option to Purchase Additional Notes $200 million PIPE Concurrent Equity Offerings Cantor Fitzgerald Sole Placement Manager

Appendix B

Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of Twenty O ne Capital, Inc. ( Pubco ), Twenty One Assets Inc. (Twenty One) and/or Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. (CEP and, together with Pubco and Twenty One, the Parties) and your proposed investment in the convertible notes (the Notes) offering by Pubco (the Convertible Notes PIPE) and/or your proposed investment in the common equity offering of CEP (the Equity PIPE and, together with the Convertible Notes PIPE, the PIPE Offerings). The risks and uncertainties described bel ow are not the only ones that the Parties face. Additional risks that the Parties are unaware of, or that the Parties currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that materially adversely affect any of the Parties. If any of th e f ollowing risks actually occur, the business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects of the Parties could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of Pubcos common stock following the proposed business combination among the Parties (the Business Combination) could decline, and yo u could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to the Business and Bitcoin Strategy of Pubco Pubcos principal asset will be Bitcoin. Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset, and Pubcos operating results may significantly fluctuate, including due to the highly volatile nature of the price of Bitcoin and errati c market movements. Due to Pubcos limited operating history and the concentration of its Bitcoin holdings, it will be difficult to evaluate Pubcos business and future prospects, and Pubco may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in any given period. A significant decrease in the market value of Pubcos Bitcoin holdings could adversely affect Pubcos ability to satisfy its financial obligations under the Notes and any subsequent debt financings. Pubco will operate in a highly competitive environment and will compete against companies and other entities with similar strategie s, including companies with significant Bitcoin holdings and ETFs and ETPs for Bitcoin and other digital assets, and Pubcos business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected if Pubco is unable to compete effectively. The emergence or growth of other digital assets, including those with significant private or public sector backing, including by governments, consortiums or financial institutions, could have a negative impact on the price of Bitcoin and adversely affect Pubcos business. Pubcos Bitcoin holdings will be less liquid than its cash and cash equivalents and may not be able to serve as a source of liquidity f or Pubco . Pubco will face risks relating to the custody of its Bitcoin. If Pubco or its third - party service providers, including Anchorage, experience a security breach or cyberattack and unauthorized parties obtain access to Pubcos Bitcoin, or if Pubcos private keys are lost or destroyed, or other similar circumstances or events occur, Pubco may lose some or all of its Bitcoin and Pubcos financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Pubcos Bitcoin acquisition strategy exposes Pubco to risk of non - performance by counterparties, including in particular risks relating to its custodians, including as a result o f inability or refusal of a counterparty to perform because of a deterioration in the counterpartys financial condition and liquidity or for any other reason. Bitcoin and other digital assets are novel assets, which will expose Pubco to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty, which could materially adversely affect Pubcos financial position, operations and prospects. Policymakers in the U.S. are just beginning to consider what a regulatory regime for digital assets would look like and the e lem ents that would serve as the foundation for such a regime. Pubco may be unable to effectively react to proposed legislation and regulation of digital assets, which would adversely affect its business. Bitcoins status as a security in any relevant jurisdiction, as well as the status of Bitcoin - related products and services in general is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if Pubco is unable to properly characterize such product or service offering, Pubco may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, inquiries, investigations, fines, and other penalties, which may adversely affect Pubcos business, operating results, and financial condition. Regulatory changes classifying Bitcoin as a security could lead to Pubcos classification as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and could adversely affect the market pric e of Bitcoin and the market price of shares of Class A common stock of Pubco ( Pubco Class A Common Stock). Pubco will not be subject to the same legal and regulatory obligations, including certain compliance and reporting obligations inte nd ed to protect investors, that apply to investment companies such as mutual funds and exchange - traded funds, or to obligations applicable to investment advisers. Due to the unregulated nature and lack of transparency surrounding the operations of many Bitcoin trading venues, Bitcoin tra din g venues may experience greater fraud, security failures or regulatory or operational problems than trading venues for more established asset classes, which may result in a loss of confidence in Bitcoin trading venues and adversely affect t he value of Pubcos Bitcoin holdings. Pubco may be subject to material litigation, including individual and class action lawsuits, as well as investigations and enforcem en t actions by regulators and governmental authorities. These matters are often expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm Pubcos business, financial condition, and operating results. Pubcos compliance and risk management methods might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect Pubcos reputation, operating results, and financial condition. Our mission will be to accelerate Bitcoin adoption and Bitcoin literacy at both institutional and retail levels. We have not pr eviously engaged in the business of online learning programs and educational content, and growing these operations could be difficult for us, including, without limitation, due to operational challenges and significant competition. A portion of our business will rely on our BTC educational program clients to drive utilization and to generate revenue, and if we fail to attract and retain customers for our educational business segment, our operating results may suffer. We expect to engage in Bitcoin - related activities in the future, including Bitcoin - related financial and advisory services, Bitc oin - related debt and equity structured products and Bitcoin - related lending activities, all of which are subject to regulation. We have not previously engaged in these business lines and we may be unable to implement our business plan, inclu din g, without limitation, due to operational challenges, significant competition and regulation. Bitcoins status as a security in any relevant jurisdiction, as well as the status of our Bitcoin - related products and service s, is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if we are unable to properly characterize a product or service offering, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, inquiries, investigations, fines, and other penalties, which may adversely affect our bus iness, operating results, and financial condition. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, including any applicable financial indu str y regulation, could have a material adverse impact on us and our activities. If we were considered to be a shell company by Nasdaq, or another stock exchange on which we apply for listing, or by the S EC, we may be unable to list our Pubco Class A Common Stock on a stock exchange and the Business Combination would not occur. We could be considered to be a shell company and we expect to be considered the successor to a shell company, and therefore , w e and our stockholders would be restricted in reliance on certain rules or forms in connection with the offering, sale or resale of securities. 30 Risk Factors

Risks Related to Being a Public Company The market price of Pubco Class A Common Stock may be volatile and decline materially as a result of volatility in Bitcoin or the digital asset markets g enerally, or for other reasons. You should be aware that you may lose some or all of your investment. The principal assets of Pubco following the Business Combination will be its Bitcoin holdings and cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds of the Busine ss Combination and the PIPE Offerings not invested in Bitcoin. Although Pubco is expected to have certain other operations, Pubco will depend on such retained cash and cash equivalents to pay its debts and other obligations. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about Pubcos business or the Business Combination or publish negative reports, the market price of Pubco Class A Common Stock could decline. Pubcos ability to timely raise capital in the future may be limited, or may be unavailable on acceptable terms, if at all. Pubcos failure to raise capital when needed could harm its business, operating results and financial condition. The issuance of additional shares or convertible securities by Pubco could make it difficult for another company to acquire Pubco , may dilute the ownership of Pubco stockholders and could adversely affect the price of Pubco Class A Common Stock. Future resales of Pubco Class A Common Stock after the consummation of the Business Combination may cause the market price of Pubcos securities to drop significantly, even if Pubcos business is doing well. Risks Related to Being a Public Company (Contd) Pubco will incur higher costs post - Business Combination as a result of being a public company, including additional legal, accounting , insurance and other expenses, as well as costs associated with public company reporting requirements. Pubcos management team is expected to have limited experience managing and operating a U.S. public company. If Pubco is unable to maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances, its business and reputation could be adversel y affected. Pubcos failure to timely and effectively implement controls and procedures required by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act that w ill be applicable to it following consummation of the Business Combination could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and prospects. Pubco will be an emerging growth company. The reduced public company reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth compani es may make Pubco Class A Common Stock less attractive to investors. Pubco will rely on Tether International S.A. de C.V., an affiliate of Tether Investments S.A. de C.V. (Tether), who will have a c on trolling interest in Pubco , for certain administrative and operational services. Risks Related to the Business Combination The market price of Pubco Class A Common Stock after the Business Combination will be affected by factors different from those currently affecting the pr ices of Class A ordinary shares of CEP (CEP Class A Ordinary Shares). The consummation of the Business Combination is subject to a number of conditions and if those conditions are not satisfied o r w aived, the Business Combination Agreement among the Parties (the Business Combination Agreement) may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the Business Combination may not be completed. The Business Combination Agreement contains provisions that limit CEP from seeking an alternative business combination. Neither CEP nor its shareholders will have the protection of any indemnification, escrow, price adjustment or other provision s t hat allow for a post - closing adjustment to be made to the total merger consideration in the event that any of the representations and warranties in the Business Combination Agreement made by Pubco or any other party thereto ultimately proves to be inaccurate or incorrect. Investors in the PIPE Offerings will experience immediate and material dilution upon closing of the Business Combination as a re sult of the Class B ordinary shares of CEP (the CEP Class B Ordinary Shares) held by the sponsor of CEP (the Sponsor), since the value of the CEP Class B Ordinary Shares is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price pa id for them, even if the trading price of Pubco Class A Common Stock at such time is substantially less than $10.00 per share. Since the Sponsor and CEPs directors and officers have interests that are different from, or in addition to (and which may c onf lict with), the interests of CEPs public shareholders, a conflict of interest may exist in determining whether the Business Combination with Pubco is appropriate as CEPs initial business combination. Such interests include that the Sponsor will lose its entire investment i n CEP if the Business Combination or any other business combination is not completed, and that the Sponsor will be liable to CEP in certain circumstances if and to the extent any claims by a third par ty for services rendered or products sold to CEP (except for our independent auditors and underwriters of CEPs initial public offering), or a prospective target business with which CEP has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentialit y o r similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the redemption amount to below certain agreed upon thresholds. Neither the board of director of CEP (the CEP Board) nor any committee thereof will obtain a fairness opinion (or any simil ar report or appraisal) in determining whether or not to pursue the Business Combination. Consequently, CEP shareholders and investors in the PIPE Offerings will have no assurance from an independent source that the price CEP is payi ng in the Business Combination is fair to CEP and, by extension, its securityholders from a financial point of view. CEPs directors and officers will have discretion on whether to agree to changes or waivers in the terms of the Business Comb ina tion and their interests in exercising that discretion may conflict with those of CEPs shareholders. CEP has engaged Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (CF&Co.), who is an affiliate of the Sponsor, to act as an advisor in connection wi th the Business Combination and CEP and Pubco have engaged CF&Co. as placement agent in connection with the PIPE Offerings. The Sponsor may therefore have additional financial interests in the completion of the Business Combination. Members of CEPs management team and the CEP Board have significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executiv es or employees of other companies. Certain of those persons, as well as CEPs affiliates, have been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related to those companies or otherwise . T he defense or prosecution of these matters could be time - consuming and could divert CEP managements attention, and may have an adverse effect on CEP, which may impede CEPs ability to consummate the Business Combination. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect CEPs business, in clu ding CEPs ability to negotiate and complete the Business Combination. 31 Risk Factors (Contd)

Risks Related to the Business Combination (Contd) If the Business Combination is not approved and CEP does not consummate another initial business combination by its deadline, th en the Sponsors ordinary shares of CEP will become worthless and the expenses it has incurred will not be reimbursed. These interests may have influenced its decision to approve the Business Combination. A substantial majority of CEPs public shareholders may redeem their CEP Class A Ordinary Shares, which will reduce proceeds ava ilable to fund Pubcos operations following the Business Combination. The ability of public shareholders of CEP to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of CEPs public shares ma y reduce the public float of CEP Class A Ordinary Shares, reduce the liquidity of the trading market for the CEP Class A Ordinary Shares on Nasdaq, or make it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of shares of Pubco Class A Common Stock on Nasdaq, and consequently may not allow the parties to complete the Business Combination, or optimize Pubco's capital structure following the Business Combination. If CEP seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the Sponsor and CEPs directors, officers and their respective af filiates may elect to purchase CEP Class A Ordinary Shares from public shareholders, subject to any limitations under Rule 14e - 5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which may influence a vote on the Business Combination and reduce th e public float of CEP Class A Ordinary Shares. In connection with his confirmation as the 41st Secretary of Commerce, Howard W. Lutnick has stated his intention to divest h is interests in Cantor and its affiliates to comply with U.S. government ethics rules. We cannot predict the consequences of this divestiture. The ability of public shareholders of CEP to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of CEPs public shares ma y reduce the public float of CEP Class A Ordinary Shares, reduce the liquidity of the trading market for the CEP Class A Ordinary Shares on Nasdaq, or may prevent us from obtaining or maintaining the quotation, listing or trading of share s o f Pubco Class A Common Stock on the applicable securities exchange, and consequently may not allow the parties to complete the Business Combination, or optimize Pubco's capital structure following the Business Combination. Risks Related to Ownership of Pubco Common Stock Following the Business Combination Securities of companies formed through mergers with special purpose acquisition companies such as Pubco may experience a material decline in price relative to the share price of the special purpose acquisition companies prior to th e merger. Volatility in Pubcos share price could subject Pubco to securities class action litigation. The number of issued shares of Pubco Class A Common Stock and additional issues of shares of Pubco Class A Common Stock may fluctuate substantially, which could lead to adverse tax consequences for the holders thereof. Currently, there is no public market for the shares of Pubco Class A Common Stock. Investors cannot be sure about whether the shares of Pubco Class A Common Stock will develop an active trading market, their market price or whether Pubco will successfully obtain authorization for listing on the Nasdaq. Since the completion of the initial public offering of CEP, there has been a precipitous drop in the market values of compani es formed through mergers involving special purpose acquisition companies. Accordingly, securities of companies such as Pubco may be more volatile than other securities and may involve special risks. Pubco may or may not pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Tether, through its voting control of Pubco , is in a position to control actions that require shareholder approval and may make decisions that are adverse to other shar eho lders. Pubco expects to qualify as a controlled company under applicable stock exchange rules and expects to avail itself of applicable ex em ptions from the corporate governance requirements thereof. Holders of Pubco Class A Common Stock have no voting rights. As a result, holders of Pubco Class A Common Stock will not have any ability to influence stockholder decisions. Because Pubco Class A Common Stock is non - voting, Pubco and its shareholders are exempt from certain provisions of U.S. securities laws. This may limit the information available to ho lders of Pubco Class A Common Stock. Sales of a substantial number of Pubco securities in the public market following the Business Combination could adversely affect the market price of Pubco Class A Common Stock. Risks Related to the Notes Pubcos indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the Notes. Pubco may be able to incur substantial indebtedness. This could exacerbate the risks to Pubcos financial condition described above and prevent Pubco from fulfilling its obligations under the Notes. Pubcos obligation to offer to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change will be triggered only by certain specifi ed transactions, and may discourage a transaction that could be beneficial to the holders of Pubco Class A Common Stock and the Notes. Pubco may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of its indebtedness, including the Notes, and may be forced to tak e other actions to satisfy its obligations under its indebtedness, which may not be successful. Pubcos inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy its debt obligations, or to refinance its indebtedness on commercially r easonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect Pubcos financial position and results of operations and Pubcos ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. The indenture for the Convertible Notes PIPE (the Indenture) contains terms which restrict Pubcos current and future operations, particularly its ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. The Indenture contains cross - default provisions that could result in the acceleration of all of Pubcos indebtedness. A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to Pubcos debt securities by rating agencies, if any, may increase Pubcos future borrowing costs and reduce its access to capital. The Notes will be secured by a substantial portion of the assets of Pubco . As a result of these security interests, such assets would only be available to satisfy claims of Pubcos general creditors or to holders of Pubcos equity securities if Pubco were to become insolvent to the extent the value of such assets exceeded the amount of Pubcos secured indebtedness and other obligations. In addition, the existence of these security interests may adversely affect Pubcos financial flexibility. 32 Risk Factors (Contd)

Risks Related to Taxation Future developments regarding the treatment of crypto assets for U.S. and foreign tax purposes could adversely impact Pubcs business. Unrealized fair value gains on Pubcos Bitcoin holdings could cause Pubco to become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Pubco may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities, including the potential taxation of unrealized gains on its Bi tc oin holdings. If CEP is characterized as a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, its U.S. shareholders m ay suffer adverse tax consequences. 33 Risk Factors (Contd)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-2_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-2_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-2_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-2_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-2_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-2_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-2_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-2_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex99-2_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex99-2_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex99-2_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex99-2_013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex99-2_014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex99-2_015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex99-2_016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex99-2_017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex99-2_018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex99-2_019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex99-2_020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex99-2_021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex99-2_022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex99-2_023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex99-2_024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex99-2_025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex99-2_026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex99-2_027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ex99-2_028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ex99-2_029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ex99-2_030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ex99-2_031.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ex99-2_032.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ex99-2_033.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>ex99-3_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>ex99-3_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>ex99-3_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>ex99-3_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>ex99-3_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>ex99-3_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>ex99-3_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>ex99-3_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>ex99-3_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>ex99-3_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>ex99-3_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>ex99-3_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>ex99-3_013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>ex99-3_014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>ex99-3_015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>ex99-3_016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>ex99-3_017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>ex99-3_018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>ex99-3_019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>ex99-3_020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>ex99-3_021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>ex99-3_022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>60
<FILENAME>ex99-3_023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>61
<FILENAME>ex99-3_024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>ex99-3_025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>63
<FILENAME>ex99-3_026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>ex99-3_027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>65
<FILENAME>ex99-3_028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>66
<FILENAME>ex99-3_029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>67
<FILENAME>ex99-3_030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>68
<FILENAME>ex99-3_031.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>69
<FILENAME>ex99-3_032.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>70
<FILENAME>ex99-3_033.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>71
<FILENAME>cep-20250422.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>72
<FILENAME>cep-20250422_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>73
<FILENAME>cep-20250422_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>75
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 22, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 22, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42250

Entity Registrant Name CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001865602

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1576482

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 110 East 59th Street

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 938-5000

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CEP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>76
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>77
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>78
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>80
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cantorequitypartners.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cep-20250422.xsd 
cep-20250422_lab.xml 
cep-20250422_pre.xml 
ea0239222-8k425_cantor.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>82
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>83
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-034374-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>84
<FILENAME>ea0239222-8k425_cantor_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001865602 

2025-04-22 
2025-04-22 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001865602 
8-K 
2025-04-22 
CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC. 
E9 
001-42250 
98-1576482 
110 East 59th Street 
New York 
NY 
10022 
212 
938-5000 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
CEP 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>