<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-001145.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-001145.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221095519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-001145
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VNUE, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001376804
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE DISTRIBUTION [7822]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				980543851
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53462
		FILM NUMBER:		25648883

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 WEST 29TH STREET
		STREET 2:		11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-937-5493

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 WEST 29TH STREET
		STREET 2:		11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tierra Grande Resources Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130411

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Buckingham Exploration Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060928
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>vnueinc_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000137680400013768042025-02-202025-02-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of 

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February
20, 2025

VNUE, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-53462 98-0543851

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

104 West 29th Street, 11th Floor, New York,
NY10001

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(833)937-5493

Registrants telephone number, including
area code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

VNUE, Inc. is referred to herein as us,
we, our or the Company.

ITEM 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of
Security Holders.

On February 20, 2025, the Company filed an Amended
and Restated Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of State, which increased the authorized shares of the Companys
Series B Preferred Stock from 2,500 to 5,250. No other changes were made to the Certificate of Designation.

The Board of Directors approved the amendment
to the Series B Designation on February 20, 2025.

The foregoing description of the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Designation does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form
of the document, which is attached as Exhibit 3.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth in Item 3.03 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

ITEM 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.2 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock

1 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

VNUE, INC.

Date: February 21, 2025 By: /s/ Zach Bair

Zach Bair, Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>vnueinc_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.2

FRANCISCO V. AGUILAR Secretary of State 401 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701 - 4201 (775) 684 - 5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov Certificate, Amendment or Withdrawal of Designation NRS 78.1955, 78.1955(6) Certificate of Designation Certificate of Amendment to Designation - Before Issuance of Class or Series Certificate of Amendment to Designation - After Issuance of Class or Series Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation TYPE OR PRINT - USE DARK INK ONLY - DO NOT HIGHLIGHT Name of entity: VNUE, INC. Entity or Nevada Business Identification Number (NVID): NV20061614711 1. Entity information: For Certificate of Designation or Date: Time: Amendment to Designation Only (Optional): (must not be later than 90 days after the certificate is filed) 2. Effective date and time: The class or series of stock being designated within this filing: 3. Class or series of stock: (Certificate of Designation only) The original class or series of stock being amended within this filing: Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 4. Information for amendment of class or series of stock: Certificate of Amendment to Designation - Before Issuance of Class or Series As of the date of this certificate no shares of the class or series of stock have been issued. 5 . Amendment of class or series of stock : Certificate of Amendment to Designation - After Issuance of Class or Series The amendment has been approved by the vote of stockholders holding shares in the corporation entitling them to exercise a majority of the voting power, or such greater proportion of the voting power as may be required by the articles of incorporation or the certificate of designation. By resolution of the board of directors pursuant to a provision in the articles of incorporation this certificate establishes OR amends the following regarding the voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights of the following class or series of stock.* 6. Resolution: Certificate of Designation and Amendment to Designation only) Designation being Date of Withdrawn: Designation: No shares of the class or series of stock being withdrawn are outstanding. The resolution of the board of directors authorizing the withdrawal of the certificate of designation establishing the class or series of stock: * 7. Withdrawal: X Zach Bair Date: 2/20/2025 Signature of Officer 8. Signature: (Required) * Attach additional page(s) if necessary This form must be accompanied by appropriate fees. Page 1 of 1 Revised: 8/1/2023

VNUE,
INC.

AMENDED
AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF

DESIGNATION
OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND

LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES
B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

The
undersigned, Zach Bair, does hereby certify that:

1.
I am the Chief Executive Officer, of VNUE, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation or the Company).

2. The
Corporation is authorized to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which 5,000,000 shares have been designated as
Series A Preferred Stock, and 3,200,579 shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been issued, 2,500 shares have been designated as
Series B Preferred Stock, and 2,500 shares of Series B Preferred Stock have been issued, and 10,000 shares have been designated as
Series C Preferred Stock, and 3,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock have been issued.

3.
The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors):

WHEREAS,
the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation provides for a class of its authorized stock known as preferred stock, consisting of
twenty million (20,000,000) shares, $0.0001 par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors is authorized to fix the dividend rights, dividend rate, voting rights, conversion rights, rights and terms of
redemption and liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of preferred stock and the number of shares constituting any series
and the designation thereof, of any of them; and

WHEREAS, it
is the desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and other
matters relating to Series B Preferred Stock, a series of the preferred stock, which shall consist of up to five thousand two hundred
and fifty (5,250) shares of the preferred stock which the Corporation has the authority to issue, as follows:

NOW,
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of Series B Preferred Stock, a series of
preferred stock for cash or exchange of other securities, rights or property and does hereby fix and determine the rights, preferences,
restrictions and other matters relating to such series of preferred stock as follows:

TERMS
OF PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1.
Definitions. For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

Bankruptcy
Event means any of the following events: (a) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w)
of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt,
relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Corporation or any Significant
Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding
that is not dismissed within sixty (60) days after commencement, (c) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated
insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Corporation or
any Significant Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property
that is not discharged or stayed within sixty (60) calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary
thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting
of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, or (g) the Corporation or any Significant
Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing
or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c)(iv).

Change
of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an
individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective
control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Corporation, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of
49% of the voting securities of the Corporation (other than by means of conversion or exercise of Preferred Stock and the Securities
issued together with the Preferred Stock), (b) the Corporation merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges
into or consolidates with the Corporation and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Corporation immediately
prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate voting power of the Corporation or the successor entity of such transaction,
(c) the Corporation sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Corporation
immediately prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction,
(d) a replacement at one time or within a one year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not
approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals
who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority
of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the Original Issue Date), or (e) the execution by the Corporation of an agreement
to which the Corporation is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1 of the respective Purchase Agreements.

Closing
Date means the applicable Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable
parties thereto and all conditions precedent to (i) each Holders obligations to pay the Subscription Amount for a Closing and
(ii) the Corporations obligations to deliver the Securities have been satisfied or waived.

Commission
or the SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion
Amount means the sum of the Stated Value at issue.

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof.

Corporation
Redemption has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

Corporation
Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

2

Corporation
Redemption Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

Corporation
Redemption Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

Designation,
Amount and Par Value The series of preferred stock shall be designated as Series B Preferred Stock and the number of shares
so designated shall be up to five thousand two hundred and fifty (5,250) (which shall not be subject to increase without the written
consent of all of the Holders of the Preferred Stock). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.0001 per share and
a stated value of $1,200, subject to increase set forth in Section 3 and/or elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation below.

DTC
means the Depository Trust Company.

DTC/FAST
Program means the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

Dividend
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

DWAC
Eligible means that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs Operational Arrangements,
including without limitation transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Corporation has been approved (without revocation) by
the DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Conversion Shares
are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the
Conversion Shares via DWAC.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

New
York Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(d).

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e).

GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

Holders
means Holders of the Preferred Stock.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f).

Indebtedness
means (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $10,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Corporations balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business, and (c)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $10,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

Junior
Securities means the Common Stock and all other Common Stock Equivalents of the Corporation other than those securities which
are explicitly senior or pari passu to the Preferred Stock in dividend rights or liquidation preference.

Late
Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Liens
means a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Liquidation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.

Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(f).

3

Notice
of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers
of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred
Stock.

Permitted
Governmental Indebtedness means Indebtedness for the purpose of supporting product sales by the Borrower.

Permitted
Indebtedness means (i)) Indebtedness of the Corporation set forth in Corporations most recent SEC report filed with
the SEC by the Corporation on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K (the SEC Reports) provided none of such Indebtedness,
has been increased, extended and/or otherwise changed); (ii) Indebtedness up to $200,000 USD that is convertible at a fixed price and
not at a variable conversion price; (iii) Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens described in clauses (iii) of the definition
of Permitted Liens, and (iv) Permitted Governmental Indebtedness.

Permitted
Liens means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for
which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course of business
by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation of law, such as
materialmens liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to
a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iv) Liens (a) upon
or in any equipment acquired or held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or indebtedness
incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, and (b) existing on such equipment at the time
of its acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds
of such equipment and (v) any Liens for Permitted Indebtedness set forth in (i) and (ii) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness
provided as to (ii) of Permitted Indebtedness such Liens were in existence and not amended, supplemented and/or
modified since the original issuance date any such Indebtedness was incurred.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Piggy-Back
Registration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a).

Preferred
Stock shall mean Series B Preferred Stock.

Premium
Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Purchase
Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated on or about the Original Issue Date, among the Corporation
and the original Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a).

Securities
means the Preferred Stock and the Underlying Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c)(i).

Stated
Value shall mean $1,200, subject to increase set forth in Section 3 and/or elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation.

Subscription
Amount shall mean, as to each Holder, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Preferred Stock purchased pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement as specified below such Holders name on the signature page of the Purchase Agreement and next to the heading Subscription
Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

4

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Corporation as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) of the Purchase Agreement and shall, where applicable,
also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Corporation formed or acquired after the date of the Purchase Agreement.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.

Trading
Day or Date means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock (or any other common stock of any other Person
that references the Trading Market for its common stock) is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: The NASDAQ Global Market,
The NASDAQ Global Select Market, The NASDAQ Capital Market, the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE Arca, the NYSE MKT, or the OTCQX Marketplace,
the OTCQB Marketplace, the OTC Pink Marketplace or any other tier operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. (or any successor to any of the
foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Certificate of Designation, the Purchase Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and
any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Transfer
Agent means ClearTrust, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 16540 Pointe Village Drive,
Suite 205, Lutz, FL 33558, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Triggering
Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a).

Triggering
Redemption Amount means, for each share of Preferred Stock, the sum of (a) 135% of the Stated Value and (b) all accrued but
unpaid dividends thereon and (c) all liquidated damages, Late Fees and other costs, expenses or amounts due in respect of the Preferred
Stock including, but not limited to legal fees and expenses of legal counsel to the Holder in connection with, related to and/or arising
out of a Triggering Event.

Triggering
Redemption Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b).

Underlying
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock.

VWAP
means, for or as of any date for the Common Stock, the dollar volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock on the Trading Market
during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through
its HP function (set to weighted average) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price
of the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for the Common Stock during the period beginning
at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted
average price is reported for the Common Stock by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest
closing ask price of any of the market makers for the Common Stock as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group
Inc. (formerly Pink Sheets LLC). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for the Common Stock on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the
VWAP of the Common Stock on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations
shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction
during such period.

Section 2.
Dividends.

(a)
Dividends in Cash or in Kind. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, cumulative
dividends of ten percent (10%) per annum, payable quarterly, beginning on the Original Issuance Date and ending on the date that such
share of Preferred Share has been converted or redeemed (the Dividend End Date). Dividends may be paid in cash or
in shares of Preferred Stock at the discretion of the Company.

5

(b)
Participating Dividends on As-Converted Basis. From and after the initial Closing Date, in addition to the payment of dividends
pursuant to Section 2(a), each Holder shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of Preferred
Stock equal to (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis) and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common
Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. The Corporation shall pay no dividends on shares of the
Common Stock unless it simultaneously complies with the previous sentence.

(c)
Dividend Calculations. Subject to Section 3(a), dividends on the Preferred Stock shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day
year, consisting of twelve (12) thirty (30) calendar day periods, and shall accrue and compound daily commencing on the Original Issue
Date, and shall be deemed to accrue from such date whether or not earned or declared and whether or not there are profits, surplus or
other funds of the Corporation legally available for the payment of dividends. Dividends shall cease to accrue with respect to any Preferred
Stock redeemed or converted, provided that the Corporation actually delivers the Conversion Shares within the time period required by
Section 6(c)(i) herein.

(d)
Late Fees. Any dividends that are not paid a Dividend Payment Date shall continue to accrue and shall entail a late fee (Late
Fees), which must be paid in cash, at the rate of 18% per annum or the lesser rate permitted by applicable law which shall
accrue and compound daily from the Dividend Payment Date through and including the date of actual payment in full.

(e)
Other Securities. So long as any Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding, neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary thereof
shall redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any Junior Securities or pari passu securities other than any Preferred
Stock purchased to the terms of this Certificate of Designation. So long as any Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding, neither the
Corporation nor any Subsidiary thereof shall directly or indirectly pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution upon (other
than a dividend or distribution described in Section 2 or dividends due and paid in the ordinary course on preferred stock of the
Corporation at such times when the Corporation is in compliance with its payment and other obligations hereunder), nor shall any distribution
be made in respect of, any Junior Securities or pari passu securities as long as any dividends due on the Preferred Stock remain
unpaid, nor shall any monies be set aside for or applied to the purchase or redemption (through a sinking fund or otherwise) of any Junior
Securities or pari passu securities.

Section 3.
Voting Rights. The Preferred Stock will vote together with the common stock on an as- converted basis subject to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitations. However, as long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote
of the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock directly and/or indirectly (a) alter or change adversely
the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend this Certificate of Designation, (b) authorize or create
any class of stock ranking as to redemption or distribution of assets upon a Liquidation (as defined in Section 5) senior to, or
otherwise pari passu with, the Preferred Stock or, authorize or create any class of stock ranking as to dividends senior to, or
otherwise pari passu with, the Preferred Stock, (c) amend its Articles of Incorporation or other charter documents in any manner
that adversely affects any rights of the Holders, (d) increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock, or (e) enter into
any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

Section 4.
Liquidation. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation),
the Holders shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation an amount equal to the Stated
Value, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees or liquidated damages then due and owing thereon under this Certificate
of Designation, for each share of Preferred Stock before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior Securities,
and if the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then the entire assets to be distributed to the
Holders shall be ratably distributed among the Holders in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such shares
if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. A Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction shall not be deemed a Liquidation.
The Corporation shall mail written notice of any such Liquidation, not less than forty-five (45) days prior to the payment date stated
therein, to each Holder.

6

Section 5.
Conversion.

a)
Conversions at Option of Holder. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and
after the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to the limitations
set forth in Section 5(d)) determined by dividing the Stated Value of such share of Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price. Holders
shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice
of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the number
of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the
conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder
delivers by facsimile or email such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the Conversion Date). If
no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the
Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries set forth in
the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares of Preferred
Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless
all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing
such shares of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock
or redeemed in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall not be reissued.

b)
Conversion Price. The conversion price (the Conversion Price) for the Preferred Stock shall be the amount
equal to the lower of (1) a fixed price equaling the closing price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately preceding the date
of the Purchase Agreement and (2) 100% of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the fifteen (15) Trading Days immediately preceding,
but not including, the Conversion Date. All such foregoing determinations will be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock
split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock during
such measuring period. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages including, but not limited to, as a
result of a Triggering Event pursuant to Section 10 hereof and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise
of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law. Following an Event of Default, as defined in the Purchase Agreement, the Conversion price shall equal the lower of:
(a) the then applicable Conversion Price; or (b) a price per share equaling eighty percent (80%) of the lowest traded price for the Companys
common stock during the fifteen (15) Trading Days immediately preceding, but not including, the Conversion Date.

c)
Mechanics of Conversion

i.
Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than two (2) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the Share
Delivery Date), the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder (A) the number of Conversion
Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock, which Conversion Shares shall be free of restrictive legends and trading
restrictions, and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends (if the Corporation has elected or is required to pay
accrued dividends in cash). The Corporation shall deliver the Conversion Shares electronically through the Depository Trust Company or
another established clearing corporation performing similar functions.

ii.
Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation
at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Corporation shall promptly
return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holder shall promptly return to the
Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

7

iii.
Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares
upon conversion of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or
inaction by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against
any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder
or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such
Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate
as a waiver by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. In the event a Holder shall elect
to convert any or all of the Stated Value of its Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse conversion based on any claim that such
Holder or any one associated or affiliated with such Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason,
unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and/or enjoining conversion of all or part of the Preferred Stock
of such Holder shall have been sought and obtained, and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit of such Holder in the amount
of 150% of the Stated Value of Preferred Stock which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion
of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Holder to the extent it obtains
judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Corporation shall issue Conversion Shares and, if applicable, cash, upon a properly
noticed conversion. If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 5 on the second Trading
Day after the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, for each $5,000 of Stated Value of Preferred Stock being converted, $100 per Trading Day (increasing to $150 per
Trading Day on the third Trading Day and increasing to $200 per Trading Day on the sixth Trading Day after such damages begin to accrue)
for each Trading Day after such second Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder
rescinds such conversion. All liquidated damages shall be paid to the Holder not later than the fifth (5th) Trading Day after
notice is provided to the Company by the Holder stating that any such liquidated damages are due pursuant to this Section 5. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare a Triggering Event pursuant to Section 10 hereof for
the Corporations failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right
to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any
other Section hereof or under applicable law.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available
to the Holder, if the Corporation fails for any reason to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery
Date pursuant to Section 5, and if after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in
an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating
to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to
any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holders total purchase price
(including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which
the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such
Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Preferred Stock submitted for
conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 5. For example,
if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage
commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the
Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The payment of all amounts due by the Company to the Holder shall be paid in
cash no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day after notice is provided by a Holder to the Company requesting the payment
of any such liquidated damages. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder
in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Corporation, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporations failure to timely deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion
of the shares of Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

8

v. Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that, , it will reserve and keep available out of its authorized and
unissued shares of Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to 100% of the Required Minimum for the sole
purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock and payment of dividends on the Preferred Stock, all as herein provided,
free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Purchasers, not less than such
aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be
issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 7, but ignoring any Beneficial Ownership Limitations
or other restrictions and/or limitations on conversions set forth herein or elsewhere) upon the conversion of the then outstanding
shares of the Preferred Stock and payment of dividends hereunder. The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall
be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and, at such times as a
registration statement covering such shares is then effective under the Securities Act, will be registered for public resale in
accordance with such registration statement. For purposes of this Certification of Designation, the term Required
Minimum shall be defined as the product of (i) 200%, multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (A)(x) all outstanding Stated
Value of all issued and outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, (y) all unpaid dividends thereon (whether accrued or not), and
(z) all fees and/or any costs and expenses relating to the Transaction Documents including, but not limited to Late Fees and
liquidation damages, divided by (B) the Conversion Price on the date of Closing. The Required Minimum shall be increased from time
to time to ensure appropriate coverage for Securities issued or issuable to Purchaser, not to exceed the Required Minimum as defined
above.

vi.
Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Preferred
Stock. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Corporation shall
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.

vii.
Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Preferred Stock shall be made without charge
to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares,
provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance
and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred Stock
and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting
the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation
that such tax has been paid. In the event that the Holder requests same-day processing for a Notice of Conversion, such Holder shall
pay all Transfer Agent fees required for such same-day processing and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established
clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

9

d)
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not
have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on
the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together
with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as
defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its
Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such
determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining,
unconverted Stated Value of Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock or the Warrants) beneficially owned
by such Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6(d), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(d) applies, the determination of whether the Preferred Stock is convertible
(in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates) and of how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible
shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holders
determination of whether the shares of Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together
with any Affiliates) and how many shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
To ensure compliance with this restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice
of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall
have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated
above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
For purposes of this Section 6(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Corporations most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Corporation or (iii) a
more recent written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon
the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to such Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined
after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the Preferred Stock, by such Holder or
its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock held by the applicable Holder.

Section 6.
Intentionally Omitted.

Section 7.
Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock
dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions that is payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any
other Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation
upon conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, the Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger
number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation,
then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding
any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall become
effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and
shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

10

b)
Most Favored Nation Provision. From the date hereof until the date when the Holder no longer holds any Preferred Stock, upon any
issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents for cash consideration, Indebtedness or
a combination of units thereof (a Subsequent Financing), the Holder may elect, in its sole discretion, to exchange
(in lieu of conversion), if applicable, all or some of the shares of Preferred Stock then held for any securities or units issued in
a Subsequent Financing on a $1.00 for $1.00 basis. The Company shall provide the Holder with notice of any such Subsequent Financing
in the manner set forth below Additionally, if in such Subsequent Financing there are any contractual provisions or side letters that
provide terms more favorable to the investors than the terms provided for hereunder, then the Company shall specifically notify the Holder
of such additional or more favorable terms and such terms, at Holders option, shall become a part of the transaction documents
with the Holder. The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include,
but are not limited to, terms addressing stock sale price, private placement price per share, and warrant coverage. For purposes of illustration,
if a Subsequent Financing were to occur whereby the Company sells and issues a convertible note with a conversion price that includes
a discount to the market price of its Common Stock, the Holder will be entitled to receive the same convertible note on the exact same
terms on a dollar for dollar basis via the exchange of the Series B Preferred Stock the Holder holds on the date of the sale and issuance
of the convertible note.

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Corporation
grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to
the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder of will be entitled
to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if
the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders Preferred Stock (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation shall declare or make any
dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way
of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without
limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if
no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation
in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent)
and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

11

e)
Fundamental Transaction.

1)
General. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity (as defined
below) assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Certificate of Designation in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 7.e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange for shares of Preferred Stock a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Preferred Stock, including,
without limitation, which is convertible into a corresponding number of shares of capital stock equivalent to the shares of Common Stock
acquirable and receivable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred
Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares
of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and
the value of such shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being
for the purpose of protecting the economic value of the Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction)
and (ii) if the Fundamental Transaction occurs within six (6) months of the Closing Date, the Successor Entity (including its Parent
Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market. Upon the consummation
of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of the
applicable Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation referring to the Company shall refer
instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the
Company under this Certificate of Designation with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.
Upon consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall be
issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of
the shares of Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock
prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction, such shares of publicly traded common stock (or its equivalent) of the Successor Entity
(including its Parent Entity) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
had the Preferred Stock been converted immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations
on the conversion of the Preferred Stock), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Certificate of Designation. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, and without limiting Section 5 hereof, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to
the Company to waive this Section 7.e) to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of the Preferred Stock. In addition
to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which
holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common
Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to insure that the Holder will thereafter
have the right to receive upon a conversion of the Preferred Stock at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
but prior to the Expiration Date, in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable
upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of stock, securities, cash, assets or any
other property whatsoever (including warrants or other purchase or subscription rights) which the Holder would have been entitled to
receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had the Preferred Shares been exercised immediately prior to the
applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Stock). Provision made pursuant
to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder.

2)
Black Scholes Value. Notwithstanding the foregoing and the provisions of Section 5 above, at the request of the Holder delivered
at any time commencing on the earliest to occur of (x) the public disclosure of any Fundamental Transaction, (y) the consummation of
any Fundamental Transaction and (z) the Holder first becoming aware of any Fundamental Transaction through the date that is ninety (90)
days after the public disclosure of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction by the Company pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the SEC, the Company or the Successor Entity (as the case may be) shall purchase the Preferred Stock from the Holder on the
date of such request by paying to the Holder cash in an amount equal to the Black Scholes Value.

12

3)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while any Preferred Stock is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock,
(iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each
a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of the Preferred Stock, the Holder shall have the
right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of
such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 6 on the conversion of the
Preferred Stock), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving
corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6 on the conversion of the Preferred Stock). For purposes
of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and
the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time
concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, purchase the shares of Preferred Stock from
the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value of the remaining unconverted shares of Preferred
Stock on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of the
unconverted shares of Preferred Stock remaining on the date of the Holders request pursuant to Section 7(e)(2) which value
is calculated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model for a call or put option, as elected by the Holder,
as obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg utilizing (i) an underlying price per share equal to the greater of (1) the
highest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the
Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to Section 7(e)(2) and (2) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash
in the applicable Fundamental Transaction (if any) plus the value of the non-cash consideration being offered in the applicable Fundamental
Transaction (if any), (ii) a strike price equal to the Conversion Price in effect on the date of the Holders request pursuant
to Section 7(e)(2), (iii) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate as of the date of the Holders
request pursuant to Section 7(e)(2) if such request is prior to the date of the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction,
(iv) a zero cost of borrow and (v) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 30 day volatility obtained from the HVT
function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the earliest
to occur of (A) the public disclosure of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (B) the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
and (C) the date on which the Holder first became aware of the applicable Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in
writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction Documents in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 7(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder
and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder,
deliver to the Holder in exchange for the Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to the Preferred Stock which is convertible into a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such
Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a
conversion price which applies the Conversion Price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of
shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of the Preferred Stock immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from
and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the
Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume
all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity
had been named as the Company herein.

13

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share,
as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as
of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and
outstanding.

g)
Notice to the Holders.

i.
Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the
Corporation shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth
a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form)
on the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C)
the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any
shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or
winding up of the affairs of the Corporation (F) the Corporation shall take any action to effectuate an Corporation Redemption, or (G)
a Triggering Event shall have occurred, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained
for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to each Holder at its last address as it shall
appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified (unless a greater or lesser time period is expressly required elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation), a notice stating
(x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a
record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock
of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect
therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To
the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Corporation or
any of the Subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
The Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Conversion Amount of this Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) during the 20-day period
commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly
set forth in this Certificate of Designation.

(h)
Participation in Subsequent Financing.

(i)
Upon a Subsequent Financing, a Holder of at least one hundred (100) shares of Preferred Stock (each such Holder, a Significant
Purchaser) shall have the right to participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to 100% of the Subsequent
Financing (the Participation Maximum) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing.

(ii)
At least five (5) Trading Days prior to the closing of the Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to each Significant Purchaser
a written notice of its intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (Pre-Notice), which Pre-Notice shall ask such
Significant Purchaser if it wants to review the details of such financing (such additional notice, a Subsequent Financing Notice).
Upon the request of a Significant Purchaser, and only upon a request by such Significant Purchaser, for a Subsequent Financing Notice,
the Company shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Trading Day after such request, deliver a Subsequent Financing Notice to such Significant
Purchaser. The Subsequent Financing Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount
of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to
be effected and shall include a term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.

14

(iii)
Any Significant Purchaser desiring to participate in such Subsequent Financing must provide written notice to the Company by not later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after all of the Significant Purchasers have received the
Pre-Notice that such Significant Purchaser is willing to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of such Purchasers
participation, and representing and warranting that such Significant Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment
on the terms set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice. If the Company receives no such notice from a Significant Purchaser as of
such fifth (5th) Trading Day, such Significant Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect
to participate.

(iv)
If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after all of the Significant Purchasers have received
the Pre-Notice, notifications by the Significant Purchasers of their willingness to participate in the Subsequent Financing (or to cause
their designees to participate) is, in the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Subsequent Financing, then the Company may effect
the remaining portion of such Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice.

(v)
If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after all of the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice,
the Company receives responses to a Subsequent Financing Notice from Significant Purchasers seeking to purchase more than the aggregate
amount of the Participation Maximum, each such Significant Purchaser shall have the right to purchase its Pro Rata Portion (as defined
below) of the Participation Maximum. Pro Rata Portion means the ratio of (x) the Subscription Amount of Securities
purchased on the Closing Date by a Significant Purchaser participating under this Section 7(h) and (y) the sum of the aggregate
Subscription Amounts of Securities purchased on the Closing Date by all Significant Purchasers participating under this Section 7(h).

(vi)
The Company must provide the Significant Purchasers with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Significant Purchasers will again
have the right of participation set forth above in this Section 7(h), if the Subsequent Financing subject to the initial Subsequent
Financing Notice is not consummated for any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within ten (10) Trading
Days after the date of the initial Subsequent Financing Notice.

(vii)
The Company and each Significant Purchaser agree that if any Significant Purchaser elects to participate in the Subsequent Financing,
the transaction documents related to the Subsequent Financing shall not include any term or provision whereby such Significant Purchaser
shall be required to agree to any restrictions on trading as to any of the Securities purchased hereunder or be required to consent to
any amendment to or termination of, or grant any waiver, release or the like under or in connection with, this Agreement, without the
prior written consent of such Significant Purchaser. In addition, the Company and each Significant Purchaser agree that, in connection
with a Subsequent Financing, the transaction documents related to the Subsequent Financing shall include a requirement for the Company
to issue a widely disseminated press release by 9:30 am (New York City time) on the Trading Day of execution of the transaction documents
in such Subsequent Financing (or, if the date of execution is not a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading Day) that discloses
the material terms of the transactions contemplated by the transaction documents in such Subsequent Financing.

(viii)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7(h) and unless otherwise agreed to by such Significant Purchaser, the
Company shall either confirm in writing to such Significant Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has
been abandoned or shall publicly disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such a
manner such that such Significant Purchaser will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the tenth (10th)
Business Day following delivery of the Subsequent Financing Notice. If by such tenth (10th) Business Day, no public disclosure
regarding a transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction
has been received by such Significant Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and such Significant Purchaser
shall not be deemed to be in possession of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(ix)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 7(h) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

15

Section 8.
Corporation Redemption.

(a)
The Corporation shall have the right to redeem (a Corporation Redemption), all (but not less than all), shares of
the Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at any time after the Original Issue Date, upon five (5) business days notice, at a
redemption price per Preferred Stock then issued and outstanding (the Corporation Redemption Price), equal to the
product of (i) the Premium Rate multiplied by (ii) the sum of (x) the Stated Value, (y) all accrued but unpaid dividends, and (z) all
other amount due to the Holder pursuant to this Certificate of Designation and/or any Transaction Document including, but not limited
to Late Fees, liquidated damages and the legal fees and expenses of the Holders counsel relating to this Certification of Designation,
any other Transaction Document and/or the transactions contemplated thereunder and/or hereunder. Premium Rate means (a)
1.15 if all of the Preferred Stock is redeemed within ninety (90) calendar days from the issuance date thereof; (b) 1.2 if all of the
Preferred Stock is redeemed after ninety (90) calendar days and within one hundred twenty (120) calendar days from the issuance date
thereof; (c) 1.25 if all of the Preferred Stock is redeemed after one hundred twenty (120) calendar days and within one hundred eighty
(180) calendar days from the issuance date thereof. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be redeemed on the Date that is one (1) calendar
year from the date of its issuance.

(b)
The Corporation may not deliver to a holder a Corporation Redemption Notice unless on or prior to the date of delivery of such Corporation
Redemption Notice, the Corporation shall have segregated on the books and records of the Corporation an amount of cash sufficient to
pay the Corporation Redemption Price for each share of Preferred Stock then issued and duly. Any Corporation Redemption Notice delivered
shall be irrevocable and shall be accompanied by a statement executed by Corporation duly authorized officer of the Corporation.

(c)
The Corporation Redemption Price required to be paid by the Corporation to each Holder shall be paid in the cash to each Holder of shares
of Preferred Stock no later than five (5) calendar days from the date of mailing of the Corporation Redemption Notice (the Corporation
Redemption Payment Date).

(d)
Notwithstanding the delivery of a Corporation Redemption Notice, a Holder may convert some or all of its shares of Preferred Stock until
the date it receives in full Corporation Redemption Price, provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary
provided herein or elsewhere (i) in the event a Holder would be precluded from converting any shares of Preferred Stock, due to the limitation
contained in Section 5, the Corporation Redemption Payment Date, for such Holder only, shall automatically be extended by one hundred
twenty (120) days (or such shorter period as so provided to the Corporation by the Holder at any time and (ii) if a Mandatory Conversion
has occurred prior to the Corporation Redemption Payment Date and for whatever reason including, but not limited to, the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, a Holder still owns Preferred Stock, any such Holder may elect to extend the Corporation Redemption Payment Date as to any
or all of such Holders Preferred Stock for up to one hundred twenty (120) days following the Corporation Redemption Payment Date
to allow such Holder to convert its remaining Preferred Stock into Conversion Shares.

Section 9.
Negative Covenants. From the date hereof until the date no shares of Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, unless Holders
of at least 75% in Stated Value of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall have otherwise given prior written consent, the
Corporation shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

(a)
other than Permitted Indebtedness, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money
of any kind, including but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired
or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(b)
other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of
its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(c)
amend its charter documents, including, without limitation, its articles of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially and
adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

(d)
repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire of any shares of its Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or Junior
Securities, other than as to the Conversion Shares as permitted or required under the Transaction Documents,

16

(e)
pay cash dividends or distributions on Junior Securities of the Corporation;

(f)
enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Corporation which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the
Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Corporation (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval); or

(g)
enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

Section 10.
Redemption Upon Triggering Events.

(a)
Triggering Event means, wherever used herein any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and
whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of
any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

i.
the Corporation shall fail to deliver Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder that comply with the provisions hereof prior
to the fifth Trading Day after such shares are required to be delivered hereunder, or the Corporation shall provide written notice to
any Holder, including by way of public announcement, at any time, of its intention not to comply with requests for conversion of any
shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof;

ii.
the Corporation shall fail for any reason to pay in full the amount of cash due pursuant to a Buy-In within five (5) Trading Days after
notice therefor is delivered hereunder.

iii.
the Corporation shall fail to have available a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to issue to such
Holder upon a conversion hereunder;

iv.
unless specifically addressed elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation as a Triggering Event, the Corporation shall fail to observe
or perform any other covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any breach of the Transaction Documents, and such
failure or breach shall not, if subject to the possibility of a cure by the Corporation, have been cured within 5 calendar days after
the date on which written notice of such failure or breach shall have been delivered;

v.
the Corporation shall redeem Junior Securities or pari passu securities;

vi.
the Corporation shall be party to a Change of Control Transaction;

vii.
there shall have occurred a Bankruptcy Event;

viii.
any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Corporation, any subsidiary or any of their
respective property or other assets for more than $50,000 (provided that amounts covered by the Corporations insurance policies
are not counted toward this $50,000 threshold), and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or
unstayed for a period of thirty (30) Trading Days;

ix.
the electronic transfer by the Corporation of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation once established subsequent to the date of this Certificate of Designation is no longer available or is subject to a freeze
and/or chill;

x.
the Corporation shall no longer be DWAC eligible; or

xi.
any Event of Default, as defined in the Purchase Agreement.

17

b)
Upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event, each Holder shall (in addition to all other rights it may have hereunder or under applicable
law) have the right, exercisable at the sole option of such Holder, to require the Corporation to (A) redeem all of the Preferred Stock
then held by such Holder for a redemption price, in cash, equal to the Triggering Redemption Amount, or (B) at the option of each Holder
either (i) redeem all of the Preferred Stock then held by such Holder though the issuance to such Holder of such number of shares of
Common Stock equal to the quotient of (x) the Triggering Redemption Amount, divided by (y) the lowest of (1) the Conversion Price, and
(2) 80% of the lowest traded price of the Common Stock during the fifteen (15) Trading Days immediately prior to the date of election
hereunder, and (ii) increase the dividend rate on all of the outstanding Preferred Stock held by such Holder retroactively to the initial
Closing Date to 18% per annum thereafter. The Triggering Redemption Amount, whether payable in cash or in shares, shall be due and payable
or issuable, as the case may be, within five (5) Trading Days of the date on which the notice for the payment therefor is provided by
a Holder (the Triggering Redemption Payment Date). If the Corporation fails to pay in full the Triggering Redemption
Amount hereunder on the date such amount is due in accordance with this Section (whether in cash or shares of Common Stock), the Corporation
will pay interest thereon at a rate equal to the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, accruing and
compounding daily from such date until the Triggering Redemption Amount, plus all such interest thereon, is paid in full.

Section 11.
Registration Rights.

a)
If at any time on or after the issuance date of the Preferred Stock, there is no effective registration statement registering, or no
current prospectus available for, the resale of the Conversion Shares by the Holder, and the Company proposes to file any Registration
Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible
into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for their account (or by the Company and
by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement in connection with a merger or acquisition, then the Company shall
(x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the Holders as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the Holders the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Preferred Stock as such
Holders may request in writing within five (5) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration).
The Company shall cause such Preferred Stock to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters
of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Preferred Stock requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms
and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Preferred Stock in accordance
with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All Holders proposing to distribute their Preferred Stock through a Piggy-Back Registration
that involves an underwriter or underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters
selected for such Piggy-Back Registration.

b)
Any Holder may elect to withdraw such Holders request for inclusion of Preferred Stock in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving
written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The Company (whether
on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual obligations) may
withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal,
the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the Holders in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration (including but not limited
to any legal fees).

c)
The Company shall notify the Holders at any time when a prospectus relating to such Holders Securities is required to be delivered
under the Securities Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus included in such
Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. At the request
of such Holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such Holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement to or an
amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Preferred Stock, such prospectus
shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The Holders shall not offer or sell any Preferred
Stock covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment.

18

d)
the Company may request a Holder to furnish the Company such information with respect to such Holder and such Holders proposed
distribution of the Preferred Stock pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in
writing or as shall be required by law or by the Commission in connection therewith, and such Holders shall furnish the Company with
such information.

e)
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Section 11 by the Company shall be borne by the Company
whether or not any Preferred Stock are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing
sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of
the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission, (B)
with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock are then listed for trading, (C) in compliance
with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees
and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions) and (D) with respect to any filing
that may be required to be made by any broker through which a Holder intends to make sales of Preferred Stock with FINRA, (ii) printing
expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act
liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by
the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Section 11.

f)
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless each purchaser, each Holder, the officers, directors, members,
partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles,
notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls each purchaser or any
such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors,
members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a
person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual or entity (each,
an Indemnified Party), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims,
damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses),
as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration
Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus,
or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities
law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Section 11, except to
the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding a purchaser or such
Holder furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify each purchaser and each Holder promptly of the
institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Section 11
of which the Company is aware. If the indemnification hereunder is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified
Party harmless for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions
that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified
Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information
supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed
to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the
extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for herein was available to such
party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 11(f)
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 11(f), neither the purchaser nor
any Holder shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received
by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds
the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission.

19

Section 12.
Miscellaneous.

a)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service and by facsimile or e-mail, addressed to the Corporation, at 104 West 29th Street, 11th Floor, New York,
NY 10001; Attention: Chief Executive Officer, e-mail, contact@vnue.com, or such other e-mail or address as the Corporation may
specify for such purposes by prior written notice to the Holders delivered in accordance with this Section 12. Any and all notices
or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile,
or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number or address of such Holder
appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number or address appears on the books of the Corporation, at the
principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder
shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading
Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this
Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the
party to whom such notice is required to be given.

b)
Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designation shall alter or impair
the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages, accrued dividends and accrued interest,
as applicable, on the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

c)
Lost or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen
or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate,
or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Preferred Stock so
mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of
the ownership hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation.

d)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designation
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense
of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates,
directors, officers, stockholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the Borough of
Manhattan, New York, New York, (the New York Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives,
and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New
York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Certificate of Designation and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each
party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any
legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designation or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designation, then the prevailing party in such
action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

20

e)
Waiver. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designation shall not operate
as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of
Designation or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term
of this Certificate of Designation on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder)
of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation on any other
occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder must be in writing.

f)
Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designation is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate
of Designation shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain
applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder
violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the
maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law.

g)
Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

h)
Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designation
and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

i)
Status of Converted or Redeemed Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock may only be issued pursuant to a Purchase Agreement.
If any shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of
authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Preferred Stock.

21

RESOLVED,
FURTHER, that the Chairman, the president or any vice-president, and the secretary or any assistant secretary, of the Corporation be
and they hereby are authorized and directed to prepare and file this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations
in accordance with the foregoing resolution and the provisions of Nevada law.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate this 20th day of February 2025.

/s/
Zach
Bair 

Name: Zach
Bair 

Title: CEO
and Chairman 

22

ANNEX
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION

(TO
BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER TO CONVERT SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK)

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock indicated below into shares of common stock, par
value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of VNUE, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation), according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of
a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith
such certificates and opinions as may be required by the Corporation in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. No fee will be charged
to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such transfer taxes.

Conversion
calculations:

Date to Effect
Conversion: 

Number of shares of Preferred
Stock owned prior to Conversion: 

Number of shares of Preferred
Stock to be Converted: 

Stated Value of shares
of Preferred Stock to be Converted: 

Dollar amount of Interest
to be Converted: 

Other amounts owed to the
Undersigned by the Corporation under the Certificate of Designation and/or any other Transaction Document to be
Converted: 

Number of shares of Common
Stock to be Issued: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of Preferred Stock subsequent to Conversion: 

Address for Delivery: 

Or

DWAC
Instructions:

Broker
no: 

Account
no: 

Name
of Entity Holder (Please
Print) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Name
of Individual Holder (Please
Print) 

(Signature
of Individual Holder) 

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex3-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex3-2_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vnue-20250220.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>vnue-20250220_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>vnue-20250220_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 20, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 000-53462

Entity Registrant Name VNUE, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001376804

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-0543851

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 104 West 29th Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 11th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10001

City Area Code (833)

Local Phone Number 937-5493

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://vnue.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

vnue-20250220.xsd 
vnue-20250220_lab.xml 
vnue-20250220_pre.xml 
vnueinc_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-001145-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>vnueinc_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001376804 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001376804 
8-K 
2025-02-20 
VNUE, Inc. 
NV 
000-53462 
98-0543851 
104 West 29th Street 
11th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10001 
(833) 
937-5493 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>