<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-000290.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-000290.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103170940
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-000290
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alset Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001750106
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				831079861
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39732
		FILM NUMBER:		25507710

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 MONTGOMERY LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3019713955

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 MONTGOMERY LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alset EHome International Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HF Enterprises Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180814
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000175010600017501062025-01-022025-01-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 2, 2025

ALSET
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Texas 001-39732 83-1079861

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

4800
Montgomery Lane 

Suite
210 

Bethesda,
Maryland 20814

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (301)971-3940

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value per share AEI The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 2, 2025, Alset Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with certain accredited investors (the Purchasers), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and issue to the Purchasers
an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of common stock (the Shares), par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock),
at a purchase price of $1.00 per share, in a registered direct offering (the Offering).

The
Offering was made pursuant to the Companys existing shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264234), filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on April 11, 2022, and declared effective by the Commission on
May 5, 2022 (the Registration Statement). A prospectus supplement to the Registration Statement was filed with the Commission
on January 3, 2025.

The
closing of the Offering occurred on January 3, 2025. The Company received net proceeds from the Offering of approximately $1,200,000
from the Offering, after deducting offering expenses payable by the Company, including the placement agent fees. The Company expects
to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes.

In
connection with the Offering, the Company entered into a Placement Agency Agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement) with
Aegis Capital Corp. (the Placement Agent), as the exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering. As compensation
to the Placement Agent, the Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of 7% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Offering
and reimbursed certain expenses of the Placement Agent.

The
foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement and the Placement Agency Agreement do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and
qualified in their entirety by, copies of such documents attached as 10.1 and 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which are incorporated
by reference herein.

A
copy of the opinion of Travis Heuszel as to the legality of the Shares to be issued and sold in this Offering is filed as Exhibit 5.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
8.01 Other Events

On
January 2, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is hereby incorporated by reference herein. Also, on January 3, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the closing of the Offering, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is
hereby incorporated by reference herein

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

5.1 Opinion of Travis Heuszel

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Alset Inc. and the Purchasers

10.2
Placement Agency Agreement between the Company and Aegis Capital Corp. dated January 2, 2025

99.1 Press Release issued by the Company on January 2, 2025

99.2 Press Release issued by the Company on January 3, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ALSET
INC.

Dated:
January 3, 2025 By: /s/
Rongguo Wei

Name: Rongguo
Wei

Title: Co-Chief
Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 2, 2025, between Alset Inc., a Texas
corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (including their respective
successors and assigns, each a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and
each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in
this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement,
the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1:

1.1. Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

1.2. Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.10.

1.3. Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1.4. Agreement
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

1.5. BHCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.40.

1.6. Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

1.7. Business
Day means a Calendar Day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other Calendar Day which is a federal legal holiday in the
United States or any Calendar Day on which the commercial banks in the City of New York are required by law or other governmental action
to close, provided that the commercial banks in the City of New York shall not be deemed to be required to be closed due to a stay
at home, shelter in place, non-essential employee or similar orders or restrictions or the closure
of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including
for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such Calendar Day.

1.8. Calendar
Day means each and every day of the week (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday).

1.9. Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

1.10. Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable
parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the second (2nd) Trading
Day following the date hereof.

1.11. Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.12. Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.13. Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

1.14. Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

1.15. Company
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

1.16. Company
Counsel means with respect to U.S. federal securities law and New York law, Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, 1185 Avenue
of the Americas, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10036.

1.17. Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

1.18. Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City
time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following
the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between
midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on
the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

1.19. DVP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

1.20. Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.19.

1.21. Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2

1.22. Exempt
Issuance means (i) any conventional bank loans that are not convertible into shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
and do not involve any issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or other security of the Company in connection
therewith; (ii) shares of Common Stock or options issued to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to the Companys
equity incentive plans or pursuant to the compensation agreements authorized by the Board of Directors; (iii) securities issued upon
the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for
or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not
been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price
or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities;
and (iv) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of equity,
purchase of assets, reorganization or otherwise) approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that
such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require
or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the thirty (30) days following the Closing Date, but
shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity
whose primary business is investing in securities.

1.23. FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

1.24. Federal
Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.40.

1.25. GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.8.

1.26. Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.27.

1.27. Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.16.

1.28. IT
Systems and Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.43.

1.29. Liens
means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

1.30. Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1.2.

1.31. Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.14.

1.32. Money
Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.41.

1.33. OFAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.38.

1.34. Per
Share Purchase Price equals $1.00 (less $0.001for each Pre-Funded Warrant), subject to adjustment for reverse and forward
stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this
Agreement.

3

1.35. Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

1.36. PFIC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.14.

1.37. Placement
Agent means Aegis Capital Corp.

1.38. Placement
Agent Agreement means the placement agent agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, between the Company and the Placement
Agent.

1.39. Pre-Funded
Warrants means the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants, in the form of Exhibit 1.39.1 attached hereto
delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2.1 hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately
and shall expire when exercised in full.

1.40. Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

1.41. Prospectus
means the final base prospectus filed for the Shelf Registration Statement.

1.42. Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with
the Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

1.43. Purchaser
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

1.44. Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

1.45. Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.5.

1.46. Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

4

1.47. Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

1.48. SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.8.

1.49. Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement.

1.50. Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.51. Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, but excluding the Warrant Shares.

1.52. Shelf
Registration Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-3 with Commission (File No. 333-264234), including
all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registers the
sale of the Securities to the Purchasers.

1.53. Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not
be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

1.54. Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Securities purchased hereunder as specified below
such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United
States dollars and in immediately available funds.

1.55. Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in Schedule 3.1.1 and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary
of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

1.56. Trading
Day means a Calendar Day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

1.57. Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the
date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York
Stock Exchange, the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Open Market (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

1.58. Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Securities and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

1.59. Transfer
Agent means Direct Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

1.60. Warrants
means the Pre-Funded Warrants.

1.61. Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants.

5

2. Purchase
and Sale.

2.1. Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase,
up to an aggregate of approximately $1.5 million of Shares and Warrants; provided, however, that a Purchaser in its sole discretion,
may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate purchase price being paid
by such Purchaser less $0.001per Pre-Funded Warrant. Each Purchaser shall make such Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth
on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser available to be delivered to the Company (or its designee) via DVP (as defined
below), and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Securities, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2.1, and the Company
and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants
and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3.1 and 2.3.2, the Closing shall occur at the offices of counsel to the Placement Agent or such
other location (or remotely by electronic means) as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent,
settlement of the Shares and Warrants shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) (i.e.,
on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares and Warrants registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released
by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the
Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by
the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any
time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through and including the time immediately
prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), if such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion,
of any Shares or Warrant Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement
Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the
Company), be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement
Shares at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior
to the Companys receipt of the purchase price for such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder, and provided further that the Company
hereby acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or
not such Purchaser will elect to sell any Pre-Settlement Shares during the Pre-Settlement Period. The decision to sell any Pre-Settlement
Shares will be made in the sole discretion of such Purchaser from time to time, including during the Pre-Settlement Period.

6

2.2. Deliveries.

2.2.1. The
Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser or the Placement Agent, as appropriate, the following at the times stated:

2.2.1.1 on
the date hereof:

2.2.1.1.1. this
Agreement duly executed by the Company.

2.2.1.1.2. a
certificate executed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and
its counsel.

2.2.1.2 on
or prior to the Closing Date:

2.2.1.2.1. a
legal opinion of Company Counsel, addressed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Placement Agent and the Purchasers.

2.2.1.2.2. a
copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis a certificate
(or at the request of the Purchaser, book entry statement) evidencing a number of Shares equal to the portion of such Purchasers
Subscription Amount applicable to Shares, divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser.

2.2.1.2.3. for
each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase
up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded
Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, with an exercise price equal to $0.001, subject to adjustment as provided therein.

2.2.1.2.4. the
Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer.

2.2.1.2.5. a
duly executed and delivered Officers Certificate, in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and its counsel.

2.2.1.2.6. the
Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

2.2.2. Each
Purchaser, and the Placement Agent, as applicable, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following at the times stated:

2.2.2.1 on
the date hereof, this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser.

2.2.2.2 the
Placement Agent Agreement.

2.2.2.3 on
or prior to the Closing Date, such Purchasers Subscription Amount shall be made available for DVP settlement with the Company
or its designee.

7

2.3. Closing
Conditions.

2.3.1. The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to each of the following conditions being met:

2.3.1.1 the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as
of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date.

2.3.1.2 all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed.

2.3.1.3 the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2.2 of this Agreement.

2.3.2. The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to each of the following conditions being
met:

2.3.2.1 the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date).

2.3.2.2 all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed.

2.3.2.3 the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2.1 of this Agreement.

2.3.2.4 there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof.

2.3.2.5 from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

8

3. Representations
and Warranties.

3.1. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

3.1.1. Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1.1. The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them
in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

3.1.2. Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority
to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect;
provided, however, that Material Adverse Effect shall not include any event, occurrence, fact, condition
or change, directly or indirectly, arising out of or attributable to: (i) the announcement, pendency or completion of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or (ii) any action required or permitted by the Transaction Documents or any action taken
(or omitted to be taken) with the written consent of or at the written request of Purchaser). As to all Company and Subsidiary power,
authority and qualification, no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to
revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

9

3.1.3. Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

3.1.4. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.1.5. Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice
to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required
pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement to the Shelf Registration
Statement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the
listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby and such other filings as are required
to be made under applicable state securities laws (the Required Approvals).

10

3.1.6. Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to
be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof), free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and applicable law. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms
of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to
be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof), free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and applicable law. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed
the Shelf Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on May 5, 2022, including
the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Shelf Registration
Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Shelf Registration
Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and
regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Shelf
Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Shelf
Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities
Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at
the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all
material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Shelf Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company
is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the requirements with respect to the aggregate market value of securities
being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6
of Form S-3.

11

3.1.7. Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1.7, which Schedule 3.1.7 shall also include the
number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. Other than as
stated in Schedule 3.1.7, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares
of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise
of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has
any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1.7, or pursuant to this Agreement, there are no outstanding options,
warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common
Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The
issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities
to any Person (other than the Purchasers). Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1.7, there are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or
instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1.7, there are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the
Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding
shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval
or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There
are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock
to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

3.1.8. SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and
the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or
has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension.
As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial
statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments.

12

3.1.9. Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1.9, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or
that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence
or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or
their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed
by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed
at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

3.1.10. Litigation.
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1.10, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1.10, (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer
thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws
or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company, except in the
ordinary course of business that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order
suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities
Act.

13

3.1.11. Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the
Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

3.1.12. Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental
authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including
without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety,
product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.1.13. Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws);
(ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective
businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i),
(ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

14

3.1.14. Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation
or modification of any Material Permit.

3.1.15. Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid and marketable rights
to lease or otherwise use, all real property and all personal property that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens that do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP, and the payment of which is
neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any claim
of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or its Subsidiaries under any of the leases or subleases
or licenses or with respect to the properties mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary
to the continued possession or use of the leased or subleased or licensed premises or the properties mentioned above, other than such
claims which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.1.16. Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark
applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and
similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights).
None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property
Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years after the
date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements
included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate
or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect.
To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another
Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect
the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

15

3.1.17. Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in
such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not
limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage in amount deemed prudent by the Company. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

3.1.18. Transactions
with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1.18, during the past three fiscal years and the subsequent
interim period through the date of this Agreement, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge
of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any
Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing
for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of
money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge
of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director,
trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for
services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock
option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

3.1.19. Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as set forth on
Schedule 3.1.19, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability,
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have
evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period
covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date).
The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation
Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the
Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial
reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

16

3.1.20. Certain
Fees. Except for the fees and expenses of the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will
be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation
with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this
Section 3.1.20 that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

3.1.21. Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not
be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The
Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

3.1.22. Registration
Rights. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1.22, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the
registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

3.1.23. Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the
Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the
Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such
registration. Except as disclosed in the Companys SEC filings, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof,
received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not
in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that
it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock
is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the
Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection
with such electronic transfer.

17

3.1.24. Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their
obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys
issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

3.1.25. Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers
will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by
or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions
contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

3.1.26. No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

18

3.1.27. Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of
the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the
current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year after the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1.27 sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured
and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes
of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of
$50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated
balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases
required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

3.1.28. Tax
Status. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1.28, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all material United
States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction
to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all material taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount,
shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate
for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There
are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company
or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

3.1.29. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent
or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of
which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

19

3.1.30. Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is Grassi & Co., CPAs, P.C., with offices at 50 Jericho Quadrangle, Ste 200, Jericho, NY 11753.
To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange
Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for
the now current fiscal year.

3.1.31. No
Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company
is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any
of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

3.1.32. Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting
solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

3.1.33. Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary
(except for Sections 3.2.6 and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term, (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the
periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities
(if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging
activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any
of the Transaction Documents.

20

3.1.34. Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any
action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement agent in connection
with the placement of the Securities.

3.1.35. Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Purchasers shall be deemed
a representation and warranty by the Company to the Purchasers as to the matters covered thereby.

3.1.36. D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires most recently completed by
each of the Companys directors and officers and beneficial owner of 5% or more of the shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
is true and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed
in such questionnaires become inaccurate and incorrect.

3.1.37. Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan, if any, was granted (i) in
accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market
value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted
under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no
Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with,
the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results
or prospects.

3.1.38. Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer,
agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

3.1.39. U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the
meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

21

3.1.40. Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act
of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly
or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or
more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that
is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

3.1.41. Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.1.42. Other
Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any person that has been or will be paid (directly
or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

3.1.43. Cybersecurity.
(i) (a) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys
information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees,
suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT
Systems and Data) and (b) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event
or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii)
the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and
regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating
to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation
or modification, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) herein, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain
and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems
and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry
standards and practices.

22

3.2. Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of
the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall
be accurate as of such date):

3.2.1. Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the law of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

3.2.2. Own
Account. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no present intention of distributing
any of such Securities (this representation and warranty shall not limit such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant
to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring
the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

3.2.3. Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3),
(a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined
in Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act. Such Purchaser hereby represents that neither such Purchaser nor any of its Rule 506(d)
Related Parties (as defined below) is a bad actor within the meaning of Rule 506(d) promulgated under the Securities Act.
For purposes of this Agreement, Rule 506(d) Related Party shall mean a person or entity covered by the Bad Actor
disqualification provision of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.

3.2.4. Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and
experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in
the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an
investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

23

3.2.5. Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all
exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither
the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect
to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be and has not been provided to it (other than with respect
to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents). In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser,
neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

3.2.6. Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor
has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases
or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other
portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets
managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to
other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors,
partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures
made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

24

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

4. Other
Agreements of the Parties.

4.1. Furnishing
of Information. Until no Purchaser owns any Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the effectiveness of the registration
of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to use reasonable best efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions
in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof
pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.2. Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations
of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder
approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.3. Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file, within the time required by the Exchange Act, a Current Report on Form 8-K, including
the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents (including, without limitation,
the Placement Agent) in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance
of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement,
whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents (including,
without limitation, the Placement Agent), employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates
on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall
be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor
any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company,
with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release
of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case
the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing
with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) to the
extent required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to
the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which such cases the Company shall (x) obtain prior advice
of competent counsel that such disclosure is required, (y) provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under
this Section 4.4 and (z) reasonably cooperate with such Purchasers regarding such disclosure.

25

4.4. Stockholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any
Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including
any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company,
or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under
the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.5. Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents,
employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees
or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to
applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

26

4.6. Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for general corporate purposes
(which for the avoidance of doubt may include acquisitions, in the Companys discretion), including working capital. The Company
shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables
in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.7. Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members,
partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack
of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents, (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity (including
a Purchaser Partys status as an investor), or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by the Company or any stockholder of
the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, arising out of or relating to any of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification provided herein is intended to, and shall also cover, direct claims
brought by the Company against the Purchaser Parties; provided, however, that such indemnification shall not cover any loss, claim, damage
or liability to the extent it is finally judicially determined to be attributable to such Purchaser Partys material breach of
any of the representations, warranties or covenants made by such Purchaser Party in any Transaction Document or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly
notify the Company in writing, and, except with respect to direct claims brought by the Company, the Company shall have the right to
assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have
the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized
by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel
or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the applicable Purchaser Party (which may be internal counsel),
a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case
the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not
be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In addition, if any Purchaser Party takes actions to collect amounts
due under any Transaction Documents or to enforce the provisions of any Transaction Documents, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred
by such Purchaser Party for such collection, enforcement or action, including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements.
The indemnification and other payment obligations required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation, defense, collection, enforcement or action, as and when bills are received or are incurred; provided,
however, that if any Purchaser Party is finally judicially determined not to be entitled to indemnification or payment under this Section
4.8, such Purchaser Party shall promptly reimburse the Company for any payments that are advanced under this sentence. The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or
others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

27

4.8. Subsequent
Equity Sales.

4.8.1. From
the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall not (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or
announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement
or any amendment or supplement thereto, in each case other than solely with respect to securities issued pursuant to any share or option
plan duly adopted for such purpose by the Board of Directors or a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for
services rendered to the Company, on Form S-8.

4.8.2. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.9 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

4.9. Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to
any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.10. Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither
it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such
time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4,
such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty
not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, agents or Affiliates after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of
assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

28

4.11. Capital
Changes. Until the date that is thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward
stock split or reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest
of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants, based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder.

4.12. Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations
under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to the
Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless
of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that
such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.13. QEF
Election. If a Purchaser so requests in writing for any taxable year of the Company, the Company, after consulting with its outside
accounting firm, shall within fifteen (15) Business Days notify such Purchaser in writing that either (A) neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries was a passive foreign investment company as defined in Section 1297 of the Code (PFIC)
for such year, or (B) the Company and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries was a PFIC for such year, in which event the Company shall provide
to such Purchaser, upon the reasonable written request of such Purchaser, the information reasonably necessary to allow such Purchaser
to elect to treat each of the Company and any applicable Subsidiaries (if any), respectively, as a qualified electing fund
(within the meaning of Section 1295 of the Code for such year, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement as described
in Treasury Regulation Section 1.1295-1(g)(1) (or any successor Treasury Regulation).

29

4.14. Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available
at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue
Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.15. Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the
Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the
Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to
exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms,
conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

5. Miscellaneous.

5.1. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been
consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2. Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-Calendar Day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3. Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

30

5.4. Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day,
(b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address
as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices
and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any
Transaction Document constitutes, or contains material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the
Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5. Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed,
in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants
based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver,
by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver
disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser
(or multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of
this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon
each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6. Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted
assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser
(other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns
or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities,
by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

31

5.8. No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of
the Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision
hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9. Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the law of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the City and County of New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any
such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to
it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall
commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the
Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its
reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action
or Proceeding.

5.10. Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11. Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

32

5.12. Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable.

5.13. Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of)
any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in
whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such Shares and
the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such Shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance
of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14. Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company
shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu
of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15. Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and
hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

5.16. Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or
a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

33

5.17. Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
the legal counsel to the Placement Agent. The legal counsel of the Placement Agent does not represent any of the Purchasers and only
represents the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18. Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have
been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19. Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed Calendar Day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20. Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND
EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

[AEI
Securities Purchase Agreement Signature Pages Follows]

34

[AEI
Securities Purchase Agreement Company Signature Page]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

ALSET
INC. Address
for Notice:

By: Email:

Name: Chan
Heng Fai 

Title: 

Chief
Executive Officer

By: Email:

Name: Chan
Tung Moe 

Title: 

Co-Chief
Executive Officer

35

[AEI
Securities Purchase Agreement Investor Signature Page]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized signatory as of
the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: []

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: []

Title
of Authorized Signatory: []

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: []

Address
for Notice to Purchaser: []

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice): []

Subscription
Amount: []

Shares: []

Pre-funded
Warrants: []

Beneficial
Ownership Blocker: []

[]

Employer
Identification Number: []

36
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

January
2, 2025

PERSONAL
AND CONFIDENTIAL

Mr.
Chang Heng Fai, Chief Executive Officer

Alset
Inc.

4800
Montgomery Lane, Suite 210

Bethesda,
MD 20814

Re: AEI
| Registered Direct Shelf Takedown | Placement Agent Agreement

Dear
Chan Heng Fai:

The
purpose of this placement agent agreement is to outline our agreement pursuant to which Aegis Capital Corp. (Aegis)
will act as the placement agent on a best efforts basis in connection with the proposed Registered Direct Shelf Takedown
(the Placement) by Alset Inc. (collectively, with its subsidiaries and affiliates, the Company)
of its shares of Common Stock (the Securities). This placement agent agreement sets forth certain conditions
and assumptions upon which the Placement is premised. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that Aegiss obligations hereunder
are on a reasonable best efforts basis only and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment by
Aegis to purchase the Securities and does not ensure the successful placement of the Securities or any portion thereof or the success
of Aegis with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the Company. The Company confirms that entry into this placement agent
agreement and completion of the Placement with Aegis will not breach or otherwise violate the Companys obligations to any other
party or require any payments to such other party. For the sake of clarity, such obligations may include but not be limited to obligations
under an engagement letter, placement agency agreement, underwriting agreement, advisory agreement, right of first refusal, tail fee
obligation or other agreement.

The
terms of our agreement are as follows:

1. Engagement.
The Company hereby engages Aegis, for the period beginning on the date hereof and ending
ten (10) days thereafter or upon the completion of the Placement, whichever is sooner (the
Engagement Period), to act as the Companys exclusive investment
bank in connection with the proposed Placement. During the Engagement Period or until the
consummation of the Placement, and as long as Aegis is proceeding in good faith with preparations
for the Placement, the Company agrees not to solicit, negotiate with or enter into any agreement
with any other source of financing (whether equity, debt or otherwise), any underwriter,
potential underwriter, placement agent, financial advisor, investment banking firm or any
other person or entity in connection with an offering of the Companys debt or equity
securities or any other financing by the Company. Aegis will use its reasonable best
efforts to solicit offers to purchase the Securities from the Company on the terms,
and subject to the conditions, set forth in the Prospectus (as defined below). Aegis shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Company in obtaining performance by each
Purchaser (as defined below) whose offer to purchase Securities has been solicited by Aegis,
but Aegis shall not, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, be obligated to disclose
the identity of any potential purchaser or have any liability to the Company in the event
any such purchase is not consummated for any reason. The Company acknowledges that under
no circumstances will Aegis be obligated to underwrite or purchase any Securities for its
own account and, in soliciting purchases of the Securities, Aegis shall act solely as an
agent of the Company. The services provided pursuant to this placement agent agreement shall
be on an agency basis and not on a principal basis.

1345
Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10105

(212)
813-1010 Fax (212) 813-1047 Member FINRA, SIPC

2. The
Placement. The Placement is expected to consist of a sale of approximately $1.5 million
of the Companys Securities. Aegis will act as placement agent for the Placement subject
to, among other matters referred to herein and additional customary conditions, completion
of Aegiss due diligence examination of the Company and its affiliates, listing approval
by the Nasdaq Capital Market (Exchange) of the Securities to
be issued, and the execution of a definitive Securities Purchase Agreement in connection
with the Placement (the Securities Purchase Agreement). The actual
size of the Placement, the precise number of Securities to be offered by the Company and
the offering price will be the subject of continuing negotiations between the Company and
the investors thereto. In connection with the entry into the Securities Purchase Agreement,
the Company (i) will meet with Aegis and its representatives to discuss such due diligence
matters and to provide such documents as Aegis may require; (ii) will not file with the Commission
any document regarding the Placement without the prior approval of Aegis and its counsel;
(iii) will deliver to Aegis and the investors in the Placement such legal and accounting
opinions and letters (including, without limitation, accounting comfort letters, legal opinions,
negative assurance letters, good standing certificates and officers and secretary
certificates) as Aegis may require, all in form and substance acceptable to Aegis and (iv)
will ensure that Aegis is a third party beneficiary of all representations, warranties, covenants,
closing conditions and deliverables in connection with the Placement.

3. Placement
Compensation. The placement commission will be 7.0% for the Placement and a non-accountable
expense allowance equal to 1.0% of the Placement.

4. Registration
Statement. To the extent the Company decides to proceed with the Placement, the Company
will, as soon as practicable, prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Commission) a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the Registration
Statement) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act) and a prospectus and prospectus supplement included therein (together,
the Prospectus) covering the Securities to be offered and sold
in the Placement. The Registration Statement (including the Prospectus therein), and all
amendments and supplements thereto, will be in form reasonably satisfactory to Aegis and
counsel to Aegis. Other than any information provided by Aegis in writing specifically for
inclusion in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company will be solely responsible
for the contents of its Registration Statement and Prospectus and any and all other written
or oral communications provided by or on behalf of the Company to any actual or prospective
investor of the Securities, and the Company represents and warrants that such materials and
such other communications will not, as of the date of the offer or sale of the Securities,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If at any time prior to the completion
of the offer and sale of the Securities an event occurs that would cause the Registration
Statement or Prospectus (as supplemented or amended) to contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or to omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Company
will notify Aegis immediately of such event and Aegis will suspend solicitations of the prospective
purchasers of the Securities until such time as the Company shall prepare a supplement or
amendment to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that corrects such statement or omission.

2

5. Company
Standstill. In connection with the Placement, without the prior written consent of
the investors, the Company will not, for a period of thirty (30) days after the Closing of
the Placement (the Standstill Period), (a) offer, sell, issue,
or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any equity of the Company or
any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for equity of the Company;
(b) file or caused to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to
the offering of any equity of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for equity of the Company; or (c) enter into any agreement or announce the
intention to effect any of the actions described in subsections (a) or (b) hereof (all of
such matters, the Standstill Restrictions). So long as none of
such equity securities shall be saleable in the public market until the expiration of the
Standstill Period, the following matters shall not be prohibited by the Standstill Restrictions:
(i) the adoption of an equity incentive plan and the grant of awards or equity pursuant to
any equity incentive plan, and the filing of a registration statement on Form S-8; (ii) securities
issued pursuant to agreements, options, restricted share units or convertible securities
existing as of the date hereof provided the terms are not modified; (iii) securities issued
pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase
of equity, purchase of assets, reorganization or otherwise) approved by a majority of the
disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require
or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the Standstill
Period, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily
for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in
securities; and (iv) securities issued pursuant to any compensation agreements. In no event
should any equity transaction during the Standstill Period result in the sale of equity at
an offering price to the public less than that of the Placement referred herein.

6. Expenses.
The Company will be responsible for and will pay all expenses relating to the Placement,
including, without limitation, (a) all filing fees and expenses relating to the registration
of the Securities with the Commission; (b) all FINRA Public Offering filing fees; (c) all
fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Companys equity or equity-linked
securities on an Exchange; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration
or qualification of the Securities under the blue sky securities laws of such
states and other jurisdictions as Aegis may reasonably designate (including, without limitation,
all filing and registration fees, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Companys
blue sky counsel, which will be Aegiss counsel) unless such filings
are not required in connection with the Companys proposed Exchange listing; (e) any
fees for counsel to lead investors in the Placement; (f) all fees, expenses and disbursements
relating to the registration, qualification or exemption of the Securities under the securities
laws of such foreign jurisdictions as Aegis may reasonably designate; (g) the costs of all
mailing and printing of the Placement documents; (h) transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any,
payable upon the transfer of Securities from the Company to Aegis; (i) the fees and expenses
of the Companys accountants; and (j) $50,000 for reasonable legal fees and disbursements
for Aegiss counsel.

3

7. Right
of First Refusal. If, for the period beginning on the Closing of the Placement and
ending twelve (12) months after the commencement of sales in the Placement, the Company (a)
decides to finance or refinance any indebtedness, Aegis (or any affiliate designated by Aegis)
shall have the right to act as sole book-runner, sole manager, sole placement agent or sole
agent with respect to such financing or refinancing; or (b) decides to raise funds by means
of a public offering (including at-the-market facility) or a private placement or any other
capital raising financing of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, Aegis (or any affiliate
designated by Aegis) shall have the right to act as sole book-running manager, sole underwriter
or sole placement agent for such financing. If Aegis or one of its affiliates decides to
accept any such engagement, the agreement governing such engagement (each, a Subsequent
Transaction Agreement) will contain, among other things, provisions for customary
fees for transactions of similar size and nature, but in no event will the fees be less than
those outlined herein, and the provisions of this placement agent agreement, including indemnification,
that are appropriate to such a transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the decision to
accept the Companys engagement under this Section 7 shall be made by Aegis or one
of its affiliates, by a written notice to the Company, within ten (10) Business Days of the
receipt of the Companys notification of its financing needs, including a detailed
term sheet. Aegiss determination of whether in any case to exercise its right of first
refusal will be strictly limited to the terms on such term sheet, and any waiver of such
right of first refusal shall apply only to such specific terms. If Aegis waives its right
of first refusal, any deviation from such terms (including without limitation after the launch
of a subsequent transaction) shall void the waiver and require the Company to seek a new
waiver from the right of first refusal on the terms set forth in this Section 7.

8. Closing;
Closing Deliverables. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement
of the Securities shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (DVP)
(i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall cause the Depositary to issue the Securities
directly to the clearing firm designated by the Placement Agent; upon receipt of such Securities,
the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Securities to the applicable
Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm)
by wire transfer to the Company).

4

8.1.
Company Deliveries.

8.1.1.
On the date hereof, the Company shall deliver each of the following:

8.1.1.1
This Agreement duly executed by the Company.

8.1.1.2
A certificate executed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent
and its counsel.

8.1.2.
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver each the following:

8.1.2.1
A legal opinion of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP and/or Texas counsel, addressed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and Purchasers.

8.1.2.2
a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis a certificate
(or at the request of the Purchaser, book entry statement) evidencing a number of Shares equal to the portion of such Purchasers
Subscription Amount applicable to Shares, divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser.

8.1.2.3
For each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 8, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase
up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded
Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, with an exercise price equal to $0. 001, subject to adjustment as provided therein.

8.1.2.4
The Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the
Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer.

8.1.2.5
A duly executed and delivered Officers Certificate, in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and its counsel.

8.1.2.6
The Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

9. Conditions
of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent
hereunder shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part
of the Company set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement (on which the Company authorizes
the Placement Agent to Rely), in each case as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date
as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and
other obligations hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of the following additional
conditions:

5

9.1.
Regulatory Matters.

9.1.1.
Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Rule 424 Information. The Registration Statement is effective on the date of this
Agreement, and, on the Closing Date no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
thereto has been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus
has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge,
contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information. All
filings with the Commission required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act to have been filed by the Closing Date shall have been made
within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424.

9.1.2.
Reserved.

9.1.3.
Listing of Additional Shares. On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall have filed a notice with the Exchange with
respect to the Companys additional listing of the securities sold in the Offering.

9.2.
Closing Deliverables. The Company shall have delivered all closing deliverables to the Placement Agent as set forth in
Section 8.1 as of the time required and in form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

9.2.1.
No Material Changes. Prior to and on the Closing Date: (i) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect or development
involving a prospective Material Adverse Effect in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of
the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus; (ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any
affiliates of the Company before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable
decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial condition or income of the
Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities
Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in
accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement nor the Prospectus nor any amendment
or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

6

9.2.2.
Additional Documents. At the Closing Date, Placement Agents counsel shall have been furnished with such documents
and opinions as they may require in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of
any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities
as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement Agent and Placement Agents counsel.

10. Prior
Agreement. By entering into this Agreement, the parties agree that that certain letter
of engagement, dated January 2, 2025, entered into between the same parties hereof, shall
automatically terminate and cease to have any effect whatsoever and shall be superseded in
its entirety by this Agreement.

11. Termination.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company agrees that the provisions
relating to the payment of fees, reimbursement of expenses, right of first refusal, indemnification
and contribution, equitable remedies, confidentiality, conflicts, independent contractor
and waiver of the right to trial by jury will survive any termination or expiration of this
placement agent agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
Company has the right to terminate the placement agent agreement for cause in compliance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B)(i). The exercise of such right of termination for cause eliminates
the Companys obligations with respect to the provisions relating to right of first
refusal. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this placement agent agreement,
in the event that no Placement is completed for any reason whatsoever during the Engagement
Period, the Company shall not be obligated to pay to Aegis its actual and accountable out-of-pocket
expenses related to the Placement (including the fees and disbursements of Placement Agents
legal counsel) and if applicable, for electronic road show service used in connection with
the Placement. During the engagement hereunder: (i) the Company will not, and will not permit
its representatives to, other than in coordination with Aegis, contact or solicit institutions,
corporations or other entities or individuals as potential purchasers of the Securities and
(ii) the Company will not pursue any financing transaction which would be in lieu of the
Placement. Furthermore, the Company agrees that during Aegiss engagement hereunder,
all inquiries from prospective investors will be referred to Aegis.

12. Publicity.
The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity,
without Aegiss prior written consent, commencing on the date hereof and continuing
until the final Closing of the Placement.

7

13. Information.
During the Engagement Period or until the Closing, the Company agrees to cooperate with Aegis
and to furnish, or cause to be furnished, to Aegis, any and all information and data concerning
the Company, and the Placement that Aegis deems appropriate (the Information).
The Company will provide Aegis reasonable access during normal business hours from and after
the date of execution of this placement agent agreement until the Closing to all of the Companys
assets, properties, books, contracts, commitments and records and to the Companys
officers, directors, employees, appraisers, independent accountants, legal counsel and other
consultants and advisors. Except as contemplated by the terms hereof or as required by applicable
law, Aegis will keep strictly confidential all non-public Information concerning the Company
provided to Aegis. No obligation of confidentiality will apply to Information that: (a) is
in the public domain as of the date hereof or hereafter enters the public domain without
a breach by Aegis, (b) was known or became known by Aegis prior to the Companys disclosure
thereof to Aegis as demonstrated by the existence of its written records, (c) becomes known
to Aegis from a source other than the Company which information is not provided by the breach
of an obligation of confidentiality owed to the Company, (d) is disclosed by the Company
to a third party without restrictions on its disclosure or (e) is independently developed
by Aegis as demonstrated by its written records. For the avoidance of doubt, except as otherwise
provided herein, all information which is not publicly available relating to the Companys
proprietary technology is proprietary and confidential.

14. No
Third Party Beneficiaries; No Fiduciary Obligations. This placement agent agreement
does not create, and shall not be construed as creating, rights enforceable by any person
or entity not a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the indemnification
provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) Aegis is not and shall not
be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the
equity holders or the creditors of the Company or any other person or entity by virtue of
this placement agent agreement or the retention of Aegis hereunder, all of which are hereby
expressly waived; and (ii) Aegis is a full service securities firm engaged in a wide range
of businesses and from time to time, in the ordinary course of its business, Aegis or its
affiliates may hold long or short positions and trade or otherwise effect transactions for
its own account or the account of its customers in debt or equity securities or loans of
the companies which may be the subject of the transactions contemplated by this placement
agent agreement. During the course of Aegiss engagement with the Company, Aegis may
have in its possession material, non-public information regarding other companies that could
potentially be relevant to the Company or the transactions contemplated herein but which
cannot be shared due to an obligation of confidence to such other companies.

8

15. Indemnification,
Advancement & Contribution.

15.1.
Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Aegis, its affiliates and each person controlling Aegis
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents and employees of Aegis, its affiliates
and each such controlling person (Aegis, and each such entity or person hereafter is referred to as an Indemnified Person)
from and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities),
and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the
Indemnified Persons) (collectively, the Expenses) and agrees to advance payment of such Expenses as they
are incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any actions, whether or not any Indemnified
Person is a party thereto, arising out of or based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in (A) the Registration Statement, Prospectus or any other offering documents (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented),
(B) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the
Placement, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically),
or (C) any application or other document or written communication (collectively called application) executed by the Company
or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Securities under the securities
laws thereof or to file for an exemption from such requirement or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency,
any national securities exchange; or (ii) the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such
statement or omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, information provided to the Company by Aegis in writing specifically
for use in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or any other offering documents with respect which or resulting from conduct by Aegis
or another Indemnified Party, as to which Aegis shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its officers, directors and controlling
parties in the manner set forth in this Section 15. The Company also agrees to reimburse and advance each Indemnified Person for all
Expenses as they are incurred in connection with such Indemnified Persons enforcement of his or its rights under this Section
15.

15.2.
Procedure. Upon receipt by an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an action against such Indemnified Person with respect
to which indemnity may reasonably be expected to be sought under this Section 15, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company
in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any obligation
or liability which the Company may have on account of this Section 15 or otherwise to such Indemnified Person. The Company shall, if
requested by Aegis, assume the defense of any such action (including the employment of counsel designated by Aegis and reasonably satisfactory
to the Company). Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense
thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company has failed
promptly to assume the defense and employ separate counsel reasonably acceptable to Aegis for the benefit of Aegis and the other Indemnified
Persons or (ii) such Indemnified Person shall have been advised that in the opinion of counsel that there is an actual or potential conflict
of interest that prevents (or makes it imprudent for) the counsel designated by and engaged by the Company for the purpose of representing
the Indemnified Person, to represent both such Indemnified Person and any other person represented or proposed to be represented by such
counsel, in which event the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel, plus local counsel, for all Indemnified
Parties, which counsel shall, if Aegis is a defendant, be designated by Aegis. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of
any action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without
the prior written consent of Aegis, settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any
pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder
(whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination (i) includes an
unconditional release of each Indemnified Person, acceptable to such Indemnified Party, from all Liabilities arising out of such action
for which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault,
culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. The advancement, reimbursement, indemnification and contribution
obligations of the Company required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as every Liability and Expense is incurred and is due and payable, and in such amounts as fully satisfy each and every Liability
and Expense as it is incurred (and in no event later than 30 Calendar Days following the date of any invoice therefore).

9

15.3.
Contribution. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction makes a finding, final beyond right of review, that indemnity
is unavailable to an Indemnified Person, the Company shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified
Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to Aegis and any
other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Section 15 or (ii) if the allocation provided by the
immediately preceding clause is not permitted by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company,
on the one hand, and Aegis and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities
or Expenses relate, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less
than the amount necessary to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in
excess of the amount of commissions and non-accountable expense allowance actually received by Aegis in the Placement. The relative fault
shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission
or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company on the one hand or Aegis on the other and
the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
The Company and Aegis agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this subsection 15.3 were determined
by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above
in this subsection 15.3. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to Aegis on the other
hand, of the matters contemplated by this Section 15 shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as: (a) the total value received by
the Company in the Placement, whether or not such Placement is consummated, bears to (b) the commissions paid to Aegis under the Placement
Agent Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the
Securities Act shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

15.4.
Limitation. The Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in
contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified
Person pursuant to this placement agent agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or
inactions in connection with any such advice, services or transactions, except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction has
made a finding that Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company have resulted exclusively from such Indemnified Persons
gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions or services.

10

16. Equitable
Remedies. Each party to this placement agent agreement acknowledges and agrees that
(a) a breach or threatened breach by the Company of any of its obligations under Section
7 or the exclusivity provisions of Section 1 would give rise to irreparable harm to Aegis
for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and (b) if a breach or a threatened
breach by the Company of any such obligations occurs, Aegis will, in addition to any and
all other rights and remedies that may be available to such party at law, at equity, or otherwise
in respect of such breach, be entitled to equitable relief, including a temporary restraining
order, an injunction, specific performance of the terms of Section 7 or the exclusivity provisions
of Section 1, as applicable, and any other relief that may be available from a court of competent
jurisdiction, without any requirement to (i) post a bond or other security, or (ii) prove
actual damages or that monetary damages will not afford an adequate remedy. Each party to
this placement agent agreement agrees that such party shall not oppose or otherwise challenge
the existence of irreparable harm, the appropriateness of equitable relief or the entry by
a court of competent jurisdiction of an order granting equitable relief, in either case,
consistent with the terms of this Section 16.

17. Governing
Law; Venue. This placement agent agreement will be deemed to have been made and delivered
in the State of New York, USA, and both the binding provisions of this placement agent agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby will be governed as to validity, interpretation,
construction, effect and in all other respects by the internal laws of the State of New York,
without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of Aegis and the Company:
(i) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this placement
agent agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby will be instituted exclusively
in the courts located in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, County of New York,
State of New York (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of
any such suit, action or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of
the courts located in the City of New York, County of New York and State of New York, in
any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of Aegis and the Company further agrees to accept
and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action
or proceeding in such courts and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by
certified mail to the Companys address will be deemed in every respect effective service
of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process
upon Aegis mailed by certified mail to Aegiss address will be deemed in every respect
effective service process upon Aegis, in any such suit, action or proceeding. Notwithstanding
any provision of this placement agent agreement to the contrary, the Company agrees that
neither Aegis nor its affiliates, and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents
and representatives of Aegis, its affiliates and each other person, if any, controlling Aegis
or any of its affiliates, will have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract
or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and transaction
described herein except for any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities
incurred by the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted from the
bad faith or gross negligence of such individuals or entities. Aegis will act under this
placement agent agreement as an independent contractor with duties to the Company.

11

18. Miscellaneous.
The Company represents and warrants that it has all required power and authority to enter
into and carry out the terms and provisions of this placement agent agreement and the execution,
delivery and performance of this placement agent agreement does not breach or conflict with
any agreement, document or instrument to which it is a party or bound. The binding provisions
of this placement agent agreement are legally binding upon and inure to the benefit of both
the Company and Aegis and their respective assigns, successors, and legal representatives.
If any provision of this placement agent agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable
in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any other respect, and
the remainder of the placement agent agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This
placement agent agreement may be executed in counterparts (including electronic counterparts),
each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one
and the same instrument. The undersigned hereby consents to receipt of this placement agent
agreement in electronic form and understands and agrees that this placement agent agreement
may be signed electronically. Signatures to this placement agent agreement transmitted in
electronic form will have the same effect as physical delivery of a paper document bearing
the original signature, and if any signature is delivered electronically evidencing an intent
to sign this placement agent agreement, such electronic mail or other electronic transmission
shall create a valid and binding obligation of the undersigned with the same force and effect
as if such signature were an original. Execution and delivery of this placement agent agreement
by electronic mail or other electronic transmission is legal, valid and binding for all purposes.

If
you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign and return to us one copy of this placement agent agreement. This placement agent
agreement may be executed in counterparts (including facsimile or .pdf counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

[Signature
Page of AEI Registered Direct Shelf Takedown Placement Agent Agreement Follows]

12

[Signature
Page of AEI Registered Direct Shelf Takedown Placement Agent Agreement]

Very
truly yours,

Aegis
Capital Corp.

By: 

Name: Robert
Eide

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

AGREED
AND ACCEPTED:

The
foregoing accurately sets forth our understanding and agreement with respect to the matters set forth herein.

Alset
Inc.

By: 

Name: Chang
Heng Fai 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Alset
Inc. Announces $1.5 Million Registered Direct Offering Priced at the Market Under Nasdaq Rules

BETHESDA,
MD, JANUARY 2, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Alset Inc. (NASDAQ: AEI) (the Company), a diversified company engaged
through its subsidiaries in the development of EHome communities and other real estate, financial services, digital transformation technologies,
biohealth activities and consumer products with operations in the United States, Singapore, Hong Kong and South Korea, today announced
that it has entered into definitive agreements in a registered direct offering with institutional investors for the purchase and sale
of approximately $1.5 million of shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants at a price of $1.00 per share of common stock. The entire
transaction has been priced at the market under Nasdaq rules.

The
offering consists of the sale of 1,500,000 shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants). The public offering price per share of common
stock is $1.00 (or $0.999 for each pre-funded warrant, which is equal to the public offering price per share of common stock to be sold
in the offering minus an exercise price of $0.001 per pre-funded warrant). The pre-funded warrants will be immediately exercisable and
may be exercised at any time until exercised in full. For each pre-funded warrant sold in the offering, the number of shares of common
stock in the offering will be decreased on a one-for-one basis.

Aggregate
gross proceeds to the Company are expected to be approximately $1.5 million. The transaction is expected to close on or about January
3, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the offering,
together with its existing cash, for general corporate purposes and working capital.

Aegis
Capital Corp. is acting as exclusive placement agent for the offering. Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP is acting as U.S. counsel to
the Company. Kaufman & Canoles, P.C. is acting as U.S. counsel to Aegis Capital Corp.

The
registered direct offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-264234) previously
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and declared effective by the SEC on May 5, 2022. A final prospectus supplement
and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the proposed offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs
website located at www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be obtained,
when available, by contacting Aegis Capital Corp., Attention: Syndicate Department, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 27th floor, New York,
NY 10105, by email at syndicate@aegiscap.com, or by telephone at +1 (212) 813-1010.

Interested
parties should read in their entirety the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the other documents that the Company
has filed with the SEC that are incorporated by reference in such prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, which provide
more information about the Company and such offering.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Alset Inc.

Alset
Inc. is a diversified company executing on its vision to accelerate sustainable healthy living with a focus on the development of EHome
communities and other property development, financial services, digital transformation technologies, biohealth activities and consumer
products. Through its operating subsidiaries, Alsets mission is to provide a healthy living ecosystem that drives long-term exponential
growth, building liquidity and value for shareholders. For more information, please visit: www.alsetinc.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

The
foregoing material may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not
relate solely to historical or current facts, including without limitation statements relating to the completion of the offering, the
satisfaction of customary closing conditions and the use of proceeds from the offering, and can be identified by the use of words such
as may, will, expect, project, estimate, anticipate,
plan, believe, potential, should, continue or the negative versions
of those words or other comparable words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future actions or performance. These forward-looking
statements are based on information currently available to the Company and its current plans or expectations and are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect current plans. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected,
intended, or planned. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
the Company cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the security
laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to
actual results.

Investor
Contact: Alset Inc., 4800 Montgomery Lane, Suite 210, Bethesda, MD 20814 Email: contact@alsetinc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Alset
Inc. Announces Closing of $1.5 Million Registered Direct Offering Priced at the Market Under Nasdaq Rules

BETHESDA,
MD, JANUARY 3, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) -- Alset Inc. (NASDAQ: AEI) (the Company), a diversified company engaged through
its subsidiaries in the development of EHome communities and real estate, financial services, digital transformation technologies, biohealth
activities and consumer products with operations in the United States, Singapore, Hong Kong and South Korea, today announced the closing
of its previously announced registered direct offering priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules for the purchase and sale of an aggregate
of 1,500,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $1.00 per share.

Aggregate
gross proceeds to the Company were approximately $1.5 million, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable
by the Company. The transaction closed on January 3, 2025. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the offering, together with
its existing cash, for general corporate purposes and working capital.

Aegis
Capital Corp. acted as exclusive placement agent for the offering. Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP acted as counsel to the Company.
Kaufman & Canoles, P.C. acted as U.S. counsel to Aegis Capital Corp.

The
registered direct offering was made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (No. 333-264234) previously
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and declared effective by the SEC on May 5, 2022. A final prospectus supplement
and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the proposed offering have been filed with the SEC and is available on the SECs
website located at www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be obtained,
when available, by contacting Aegis Capital Corp., Attention: Syndicate Department, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 27th floor, New York,
NY 10105, by email at syndicate@aegiscap.com, or by telephone at +1 (212) 813-1010.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Alset Inc.

Alset
Inc. is a diversified company executing on its vision to accelerate sustainable healthy living with a focus on the development of EHome
communities and other property development, financial services, digital transformation technologies, biohealth activities and consumer
products. Through its operating subsidiaries, Alsets mission is to provide a healthy living ecosystem that drives long-term exponential
growth, building liquidity and value for shareholders. For more information, please visit: www.alsetinc.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

The
foregoing material may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not
relate solely to historical or current facts, including without limitation statements regarding the Companys product development
and business prospects, and can be identified by the use of words such as may, will, expect,
project, estimate, anticipate, plan, believe, potential,
should, continue or the negative versions of those words or other comparable words. Forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future actions or performance. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to
the Company and its current plans or expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect
current plans. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. Although the Company believes
that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee future results, performance,
or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the security laws of the United States, the Company does not intend
to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.

Investor
Contact: Alset Inc.,

4800
Montgomery Lane, Suite 210, Bethesda, MD 20814

Email:
contact@alsetinc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex5-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex10-2_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>aei-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>aei-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>aei-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39732

Entity Registrant Name ALSET
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001750106

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-1079861

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code TX

Entity Address, Address Line One 4800
Montgomery Lane

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
210

Entity Address, City or Town Bethesda

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20814

City Area Code (301)

Local Phone Number 971-3940

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol AEI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://alsetinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aei-20250102.xsd 
aei-20250102_lab.xml 
aei-20250102_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-000290-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001750106 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001750106 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
ALSET INC. 
TX 
001-39732 
83-1079861 
4800 Montgomery Lane 
Suite 210 
Bethesda 
MD 
20814 
(301) 
971-3940 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
AEI 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>