<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004501.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004501.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250131172530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004501
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250127
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MANGOCEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001938046
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISC HEALTH & ALLIED SERVICES, NEC [8090]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				873841292
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41615
		FILM NUMBER:		25579551

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15110 DALLAS PKWY, SUITE 600
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75248
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(833) 626-4679

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15110 DALLAS PKWY, SUITE 600
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75248
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000193804600019380462025-01-272025-01-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): January 27, 2025

MANGOCEUTICALS,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Texas 001-41615 87-3841292

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

15110
N. Dallas Parkway,Suite 600

Dallas,Texas 75248

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (214)242-9619

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.0001 Par Value Per Share MGRX 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq
Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

First
Amendment to Payment Plan Letter Agreement

On
January 27, 2025, Mangoceuticals, Inc. (the Company, we and us) entered
into a First Amendment to Payment Plan Letter Agreement (the 1st Amendment) with MAAB Global Ltd. (MAAB).
MAAB had previously purchased rights to $500,000 owed by the Company to Barstool Sports, Inc. (Barstool and the
Debt) on January 10, 2025, which amount was non-interest bearing, and due pursuant to the terms of a Payment Plan
Letter Agreement entered into between Barstool and the Company on August 27, 2024.

Pursuant
to the 1st Amendment, the Company and MAAB agreed to amend the terms of the Debt to allow MAAB the right, exercisable at any
time, to convert the $500,000 of Debt into shares of the Companys common stock at a conversion price of $1.50 per share (the Debt
Conversion Shares).

The
foregoing summary of the terms of the Payment Plan Letter Agreement and 1st Amendment is not complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of the Payment Plan Letter Agreement and 1st Amendment, which are filed as Exhibits
10.3 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report and are incorporated in this Item 1.01 by reference
in their entirety.

Assignment
of Epiq Script Agreements

On
January 30, 2025, the Company, with the approval of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors and the Companys Audit
Committee, made up of independent members of the Board of Directors, entered into two Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreements
(the Epiq Scripts Assignments) with Epiq Scripts, LLC, which is 51% owned by Jacob Cohen, the Companys Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman, and the Chief Executive Officer and sole director of Mango & Peaches Corp., the Companys current
wholly-owned subsidiary (M&P)(provided that the Company has agreed to issue Mr. Cohen (a) 1,700,000 shares of
the common stock of M&P (representing 25.4% of M&Ps outstanding shares of common stock); and (b) 100 shares of Series
A Super Majority Voting Preferred Stock of M&P, which will have the right to vote fifty-one percent (51%) of the total vote on all
M&P shareholder matters).

Pursuant
to the Epiq Scripts Assignments, the Company assigned all of its rights under (1) a September 1, 2022, Master Services Agreement, as
amended with Epiq Scripts; and (2) a September 15, 2023, Consulting Agreement with Epiq Scripts, to M&P, M&P agreed to take responsibility
for all obligations thereunder, effective as of the assignment date, and Epiq Scripts agreed to novate the responsibility of the Company
thereunder, effective as of the assignment date. Additionally, we agreed to indemnify M&P for any liability under such agreements
prior to the assignment date and M&P agreed to indemnify us against any liability under such agreements after the assignment date.

The
description of the Epiq Scripts Assignments above, is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Epiq Scripts
Assignments, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.4 and 10.5, and which are incorporated by reference
into this Item 1.01 in their entirety.

LT
Global Practice Management Service Agreement

On
January 28, 2025, the Company, with the approval of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors and the Companys Audit
Committee, made up of independent members of the Board of Directors, entered into an LT Global Practice Management Service Agreement
(the LT Service Agreement) with LT Global Practice Management (LT Global), which entity is
owned by the wife of Mr. Cohen. Pursuant to the agreement, LT Global agreed to provide us virtual professionals at the rate of between
$1,800 to $3,500 on a full-time basis per virtual professional. The agreement has a term beginning on January 15, 2025, and continuing
until either party provides the other at least 30 days prior written notice. The agreement includes customary confidentiality requirements
of the parties, indemnification requirements, and other provisions.

The
description of the LT Service Agreement above, is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the LT Service
Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.6, and which is incorporated by reference into this Item
1.01 in its entirety.

Master
Distribution Agreement

On
January 30, 2025, the Company entered into a Master Distribution Agreement (the MSA), with Propre Energie Inc (Propre).
Pursuant to the MSA, the Company will license certain intellectual property and patent rights from Propre relating to clinically proven,
plant-based formulations targeting hyperpigmentation, dark spots, uneven skin tone, and skin brightening through advanced solutions marketed
under the brand Dermytol.

We
agreed pursuant to the MSA to pay Propre 650,000 shares of the Companys restricted common stock (the Propre Shares)
and 1% of the gross sales revenue we generate during the term of the MSA. The MSA has a term of three years, renewable thereafter for
up to three additional one year terms, provided that neither party provides the other notice of termination at least 90 days prior to
the renewal date, provided that Propre has a right of termination in the event we sell substantially all of our assets or a majority
interest in the Company during the term and either party may terminate the agreement if the other party breaches the MSA and fails to
cure such breach within 90 days or becomes insolvent.

The
MSA contains customary confidentiality provisions, representations and warranties of the parties, indemnification obligations, disclaimers
and covenants, for an agreement of type and size of the MSA.

The
description of the MSA above is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the MSA, a copy of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 10.7, and which is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01 in its entirety.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information and disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 above relating to the 1st Amendment and MSA are incorporated
into this Item 3.02 by reference in their entirety.

The
Company claims an exemption from registration for (a) the offer of the Debt Conversion Shares and the 1st Amendment, and (b)
the offer and sale of the Propre Shares, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act), since the offer and sale (where applicable) of such shares and 1st Amendment
did not involve a public offering and the recipients were accredited investors and had access to similar information
as would be included in a registration statement under the Securities Act. The securities were offered without any general solicitation
by us or our representatives. No underwriters or agents were involved in the foregoing offers and sales (where applicable) and we paid
no underwriting discounts or commissions. The securities are subject to transfer restrictions, and the securities contain an appropriate
legend stating that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration
or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. The securities were not registered under the Securities Act and such securities may not be offered
or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state
securities laws.

If
the Debt was converted in full, a maximum of 333,334 Debt Conversion Shares would be due to the holder thereof, based on a conversion
price of $1.50 per share (see also Item 1.01, above).

Item
9.01 Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1* August 27, 2024, Payment Plan Letter Agreement between Mangoceuticals, Inc. and Barstool Sports, Inc. relating to $516,250 of outstanding debt

10.2* January 10, 2025, Debt Purchase Agreement, between MAAB Global and Barstool Sports Inc.

10.3* First Amendment to Payment Plan Letter Agreement between Mangoceuticals, Inc. and MAAB Global, dated January 27, 2025

10.4* Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement dated January 30, 2025, by and among Mangoceuticals, Inc., as assignor, Mango & Peaches Corp., as assignee, and Epiq Scripts, LLC (MSA)

10.5* Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement dated January 30, 2025, by and among Mangoceuticals, Inc., as assignor, Mango & Peaches Corp., as assignee, and Epiq Scripts, LLC (Consulting Agreement)

10.6* LT Global Practice Management Service Agreement dated January 28, 2025, between Mangoceuticals, Inc. and LT Global Practice Management

10.7* Master Distribution Agreement dated January 30, 2025, between Propre Energie Inc, as supplier, and Mangoceuticals, Inc., as distributor

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101).

*
Filed herewith.

Certain information contained in this Exhibit has been omitted (and replaced by Xs) pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K,
because disclosure of such information would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MANGOCEUTICALS,
INC.

Date:
January 31, 2025 By: /s/
Jacob D. Cohen

Jacob
D. Cohen

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Via
Email August
27, 2024

Mangoceuticals
Inc. d/b/a MangoRX (Debtor you or your)

Re: Your
Outstanding Debt of $516,250 to Barstool Sports. Inc. (Barstool we us our)
under its Advertising Agreement with you (the Agreement)

Dear
Debtor,

As
discussed, this letter (this Letter), when signed by you, will set forth your agreement with respect to the following,
for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, effective as of the date hereof (the
Effective Date):

1. Outstanding
Debt. Under the Agreement, you owe Barstool $516,250 (the Outstanding Amount). Notwithstanding
that the Outstanding Amount is already past due under the Agreement, Barstool will accept payment of the Outstanding Amount in accordance
with the payment schedule outlined below (the Payment Plan) in satisfaction of your payment obligations with
respect to the Outstanding Amount, provided that you pay Barstool such amounts, in full, via wire (in accordance with the
wiring instructions below), immediately when due; and provided further that you comply with all other terms and conditions of this
letter. If Barstool has not timely received any amount when due hereunder, all amounts due under the Agreement will immediately become
due and payable in full (in such event, you will also be responsible for Barstools out-of-pocket collections costs). Barstool
will charge a monthly late fee on past due amounts equal to the lesser of the prime rate plus 2% or max rate allowed by applicable
law, until such amounts are paid in full.

Barstools
wiring instructions are as follows:

Bank
Name: XXXXXXXXXXX

Bank
Address: XXXXXXXXXXX

Bank
ABA: XXXXXXXXXXX

Account
Name: XXXXXXXXXXX

Account
Number: XXXXXXXXXXX

SWIFT: XXXXXXXXXXX

The
Payment Plan is as follows:

Wire
Payment Date Portion
of Outstanding Amount

Immediately upon 

signature
of this Letter $ 16,250 

No later than 

December 31, 2024 $ 500,000 

TOTAL $ 516,250 

2. Immediately
Cease and Desist from All Use of Barstool IP. It has also come to our attention that you are infringing on Barstool intellectual
property by, among other things, using our name and logo in marketing and promotion of your products, including but not limited to
on your official website (see screenshot attached as Exhibit A to this letter). Please immediately cease and desist from any and
all such uses. By signing this Letter, you are confirming that all such used have ceased. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Letter, Barstool expressly reserves all rights and remedies with respect to your infringement of its intellectual
property, including to pursue more formal legal action (including, for example, if you fail to promptly comply with this Section
2).

3. Miscellaneous.
This Letter will be binding and enforceable upon, and will inure to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective successors
and assigns. No amendment or modification to this Letter will be binding unless in writing and signed by both you and us. This Letter
will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Letter will not
affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. Nothing contained or omitted in this Letter will be deemed to waive
any of our rights or remedies under the Agreement, all of which are expressly reserved. This Letter may be executed in any number
of physical or electronic counterparts, all of which taken together will constitute a single instrument, but will not be valid and
binding upon the parties hereto unless and until it is executed by both parties.

Sincerely,

BARSTOOL

Signature:
/s/Paul
Anderson

Name: Paul
Anderson

Title:
SVP,
General

Counsel

ACCEPTED
AND AGREED TO: 

DEBTOR 

Signature: /s/Jacob
Cohen 

Name:
Jacob
Cohen 

Title:
CEO 

EXHIBIT
A
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

DEBT
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Debt Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into effective as of January 10, 2025 (the Effective
Date), by and between MAAB Global, Ltd., and Bruce Bent, an individual (collectively, Purchaser),
on the one hand, and Barstool Sports Inc., a Delaware corporation (Creditor), on the other hand. Purchaser
and Creditor (each, a Party and, together, the Parties) agree as follows with
respect to that certain payment plan letter agreement dated August 27, 2024 acknowledged and agreed by Mangoceuticals, Inc., a Texas
corporation (the Company) to Creditor in the principal amount of $500,000 (the Letter,
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A):

1. Purchase
and Sale. Purchaser hereby purchases from Creditor and, upon Creditors receipt of payment in full in the amount of the
Purchase Price (the Payment Date), Creditor will be deemed to sell, transfer, convey and assign to Purchaser, for a total
of $500,000 in cash (the Purchase Price), all right, title and interest of Creditor in and to amounts owed
pursuant to the Letter (the Debt). For purposes of clarity, Purchasers purchase of the Debt from Creditor
will not be effective unless and until Creditor has received payment of the Purchase Price (and any accrued interest pursuant to the
Letter, as further discussed in Section 2 below) in full.

2. Payment
of Purchase Price. $100,000 of the Purchase Price will be paid to Creditor by Purchaser simultaneously with the
Parties entry into this Agreement; the remaining $400,000 of the Purchase Price will be paid to Creditor by Purchaser by no
later than February 28, 2025. Purchaser and Company understand and agree that the Debt is currently past due and has been accruing
late fees pursuant to Section 1 of the Letter since January 1, 2025. Creditor hereby agrees to waive all such late fees, provided
that the Purchase Price is timely paid in accordance with the foregoing payment schedule. If any portion of the Purchase Price is
not timely paid, the Purchase Price will immediately become due in full, together all such late fees accruing under the Letter
(which, as set forth in the Letter, will continue to accrue until paid in full).

Purchaser
will make all payments to Creditor via wire transfer as follows:

Bank
Name: XXXXXXXXXXX

Bank
Address: XXXXXXXXXXX

Bank
ABA: XXXXXXXXXXX

Account
Name: XXXXXXXXXXX

Account
Number: XXXXXXXXXXX

SWIFT: XXXXXXXXXXX

3. Cooperation.
Creditor will furnish Purchaser will all documentation and evidence supporting the Letter upon reasonable request, and reasonably
cooperate in providing any other information and taking any other action that Purchaser deems necessary or appropriate to collect on
and/or confirm the outstanding amount of the Debt subsequent to the date hereof. Upon Purchasers reasonable request after payment
in full of the Purchase Price, Creditor will duly execute and deliver, or cause to be duly executed and delivered to Purchaser such further
instruments and do and cause to be done such further acts as may be necessary or proper in the reasonable opinion of Purchaser to effectuate
the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.

Page 1 of 5

Debt Purchase Agreement

4. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of Creditor. Creditor hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Purchaser as follows:

(a)The Letter reflects a bona fide outstanding debt owed by the Company, and is an enforceable obligation arising in the ordinary course of business. The Debt was payable in full on December 31, 2024 and is currently past due.

(b) The
Debt is not reasonably subject to dispute and the Company is unconditionally obligated to pay debt obligations without defense, counterclaim
or offset.

(c) Creditor
is the sole owner of the Debt, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and rights of third parties. Creditor has not previously sold,
transferred, encumbered (including, but not limited to, providing anyone an option or other right to purchase the Debt) or released any
part of the Debt (including accrued and unpaid interest thereon).

(d) There
has been no amendment, modification, compromise, forbearance, or waiver (written or oral) entered into or given with respect to the Debt
. There is no action based on the Debt that is currently pending in any court or other legal venue, and no judgments based upon the Debt
have been previously entered in any legal proceeding.

(e) Creditor
has all necessary power and authority to (i) execute, deliver and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) sell,
convey, transfer and assign the Debt to Purchaser. Creditor has such knowledge and experience in business and financial matters that
it is able to protect its own interests and evaluate the risks and benefits of entering into this Agreement. Creditor acknowledges and
agrees that it has had an opportunity to conduct its own due diligence and consult with its own legal counsel, and tax, financial and
other advisors, and that Creditor is not relying in that regard on Purchaser.

(f) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Creditor has been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of Creditor.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Creditor and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Creditor,
enforceable against Creditor in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws
affecting Creditors rights generally or the availability of equitable remedies.

(g) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Creditor and the performance of all of its obligations hereunder (i) do not and will not
violate, conflict with, breach, or constitute a default under, any material contract, agreement or commitment binding upon such Creditor,
and (ii) do not and will not conflict with or violate any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any court or
other government authority having jurisdiction over such Creditor or the Debt .

(h) There
is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of Creditor, threatened against
or affecting Creditor or any of its assets before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency, or regulatory authority
that adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of, or that could have or reasonably be expected to result
in a material adverse effect on this Agreement.

(i) Creditor
will not, directly or indirectly, receive any consideration from or be compensated in any manner by the Company, or any affiliate of
the Company, in exchange for or in consideration for selling the Debt.

Page 2 of 5

Debt Purchase Agreement

5.
Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Purchaser; Company. Purchaser hereby represents, warrants and covenants to
Creditor as follows:

(a)
Purchaser realizes that the Debt cannot readily be sold and must not be accepted unless Purchaser has liquid assets sufficient to assure
that Purchaser can provide for current needs and possible personal contingencies;

(b) Purchaser
is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

(c) The
execution and delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not
and shall not, by the lapse of time, the giving of notice or otherwise: (a) constitute a violation of any law; or (b) constitute a breach
of any provision contained in, or a default under, any governmental approval, any writ, injunction, order, judgment or decree of any
governmental authority or any contract to which Purchaser is a party or by which Purchaser is bound or affected; and

(d) Purchaser
has the cash funds sufficient to make all payments of the Purchase Price when due hereunder.

Company
hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Creditor and Purchaser that the Debt is not reasonably subject to dispute and the Company
is unconditionally obligated to pay debt obligations without defense, counterclaim or offset.

6. Fees
and Expenses. Each Party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any,
and all other expenses incurred by such Party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement;
provided however, that if Purchaser does not timely pay the Purchase Price in full, Purchaser shall pay for Creditors collection
costs and expenses (including outside legal fees) incurred directly in connection with its collection of the Purchase Price. Creditor
understands that Purchaser shall not be liable for any commissions, selling expenses, orders, purchases, contracts, taxes, withholding,
or obligations of any kind resulting from any or arising out of settlement of the Debt.

7. Governing
Law; Venue. This Agreement is to be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving
effect to any choice or conflict of law, rule or regulation (whether of the State of Texas or other jurisdiction) which would cause the
application of any law, rule or regulation other than of the State of New York. Any dispute, claim, controversy, or legal proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any way (any Dispute) shall be exclusively brought before
a business court in New York, New York(the Business Court), if the Dispute meets the jurisdictional requirements
of such Business Court; and, if the Dispute does not meet the jurisdictional requirements of such Business Court, or the Business Court
is not then accepting new case filings, then the Dispute shall be exclusively brought in the Circuit Court in and for New York, New York.
The Parties also hereby consent to supplemental jurisdiction by the Business Court over any claims that are part of the same case or
controversy as that which meets the primary jurisdictional requirements of such Business Court.

Page 3 of 5

Debt Purchase Agreement

8. Construction;
Survival. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the Parties
to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any Party. The representations and warranties
contained herein shall survive the closing of the transactions contemplated herein and the assignment of the Debt. Wherever the context
hereof shall so require, the singular shall include the plural, the masculine gender shall include the feminine gender and the neuter
and vice versa.

9. No
Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of Creditor and Purchaser and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by any other person; provided that the
Company shall be able to rely on this Agreement for all purposes.

10. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, together with the exhibits hereto, contains the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties,
and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, letters, discussions, communications and understandings, both oral and written,
concerning the sale, transfer, conveyance and assignment of the Debt which the Parties acknowledge have been merged into this Agreement.

11. Severability.
Should any clause, sentence, paragraph, subsection, Section or Article of this Agreement be judicially declared to be invalid, unenforceable
or void, such decision will not have the effect of invalidating or voiding the remainder of this Agreement, and the Parties agree that
the part or parts of this Agreement so held to be invalid, unenforceable or void will be deemed to have been stricken herefrom by the
Parties, and the remainder will have the same force and effectiveness as if such stricken part or parts had never been included herein.

12. Review
and Construction of Documents. The Creditor represents to the Purchaser and the Purchaser represents to the Creditor, that (a)
before executing this Agreement, said Party has fully informed itself of the terms, contents, conditions and effects of this Agreement;
(b) said Party has relied solely and completely upon its own judgment in executing this Agreement; (c) said Party has had the opportunity
to seek and has obtained the advice of its own legal, tax and business advisors before executing this Agreement; (d) said Party has acted
voluntarily and of its own free will in executing this Agreement; and (e) this Agreement is the result of arms length negotiations
conducted by and among the Parties and their respective counsel.

13. Remedies.
The Parties agree that the covenants and obligations contained in this Agreement relate to special, unique and extraordinary matters
and that a violation of any of the terms hereof or thereof would cause irreparable injury in an amount which would be impossible to estimate
or determine and for which any remedy at law would be inadequate. As such, the Parties agree that if either Party fails or refuses to
fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement or to make any payment or deliver any instrument required hereunder or thereunder,
then the other Party shall have the remedy of specific performance, which remedy shall be cumulative and nonexclusive and shall be in
addition to any other rights and remedies otherwise available under any other contract or at law or in equity and to which such Party
might be entitled.

14. Effect
of Facsimile and Photocopied Signatures. This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with
this Agreement, and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one
and the same instrument. Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg
or similar attachment to electronic mail (any such delivery, an Electronic Delivery) shall be treated in
all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were
the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any Party, each other Party shall re-execute the original
form of this Agreement and deliver such form to all other Parties. No Party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature
or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic Delivery as a
defense to the formation of a contract, and each such Party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent such defense relates
to lack of authenticity.

[Remainder
of page left intentionally blank. Signature page follows.]

Page 4 of 5

Debt Purchase Agreement

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Debt Purchase Agreement to be duly executed, to be effective as of the Effective
Date set forth above.

CREDITOR:

Barstool Sports, Inc. 

By: /s/
Paul Anderson 

Its: SVP,
General Counsel 

Printed
Name: Paul
Anderson 

PURCHASER: 

By: /s/
Bruce Bent 

Its: Owner 

Printed
Name: Bruce
Bent 

COMPANY:

Solely
approving and consenting to the sale of the Debt, approving and consenting to any other matters specifically pertaining to Company hereunder,
and confirming that it will, subsequent to the Payment Date, recognize the Purchaser as the sole owner of the Debt:

Mangoceuticals,
Inc. 

/s/
Jacob Cohen 

Jacob
Cohen 

Chief
Executive Officer 

Page 5 of 5

Debt Purchase Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO PAYMENT PLAN LETTER AGREEMENT

This
First Amendment to Payment Plan Letter Agreement (this Amendment), dated and effective January 27, 2025 (the
Effective Date), amends that certain Payment Plan Letter Agreement dated August 27, 2024, evidencing amounts
owed by Mangoceuticals, Inc., a Texas corporation (the Company) to Barstool Sports, Inc. (the Letter
Agreement), which debt was subsequently purchased by MAAB Global, Ltd. on January 10, 2025 (the Debt Holder),
each a Party and collectively, the Parties. Certain capitalized terms used below
but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Letter Agreement.

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire to amend the Letter Agreement on the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth below.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants, agreements, and considerations herein contained, and other
good and valuable consideration, which consideration each of the Parties hereby acknowledge and confirm the receipt and sufficiency thereof,
the Parties hereto agree as follows:

1.
Amendments to Letter Agreement.

(a)
Effective as of the Effective Date, a new Section 4 shall be added to the Letter Agreement and shall read as follows:

4.
Option to Convert The Outstanding Amount Into Shares of Common Stock.

(a)
At any time prior to the payment in full by the Debtor of the amount owed under this Letter, the debt holder (Holder)
shall have the option to convert the then Outstanding Amount (the Principal) (or any portion thereof) into
shares (the Shares) of common stock of the Debtor (Common Stock), at the Conversion
Price (the Holder Conversion Option and, each a Conversion). The Conversion
Price shall equal $1.50 per share of Common Stock, as equitably adjusted for any stock split or recapitalization.

(b)
In order to exercise this Holder Conversion Option, the Holder shall provide the Debtor a written notice of its intention to exercise
this Holder Conversion Option, which notice shall set forth the amount of the Principal to be converted (Notice of Conversion).
Within ten (10) business days of the Debtors receipt of the Notice of Conversion, the Debtor shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Holder, written confirmation that the Shares have been issued in the name of the Holder. If the Debtor reasonably believes that
there is an error in Holders calculation of the Shares issuable in connection with the Notice of Conversion or the Conversion
Price provided for therein, or another issue with the conversion, the Debtor shall not be obligated to honor such defective Notice of
Conversion and shall promptly notify Holder of such errors.

Page 1 of 6

First Amendment to Letter Agreement

January 2025

(c)
In the event of the exercise of the Holder Conversion Option, Holder shall cooperate with the Debtor to promptly take any and all additional
actions required to make Holder a stockholder of the Debtor including, without limitation, in connection with the issuance of the Shares
and providing the Debtor or its legal counsel or Transfer Agent, representations as to financial condition, investment intent and sophisticated
investor status of such Holder as may be reasonably requested or required. The Debtor shall at all times take any and all additional
actions as are necessary to maintain the required authority to issue the Shares to the Holder, in the event the Holder exercises its
rights under the Holder Conversion Option.

(b)
Effective as of the Effective Date, the Letter Agreement shall be amended to include the following language at the top thereof:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY AND CONVERTIBLE HEREUNDER HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT),
OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES. THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT
BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION
THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD
OF TIME. THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER TO THE EFFECT
THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OR RESALE IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

2.
Securities Representations. The Debt Holder represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

(a) Purchase
for Own Account. The Shares will be acquired for investment for Debt Holders own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not
with a view to the public resale or distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and Debt Holder has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the
same.

(b) Disclosure
of Information.

(i)
Debt Holder has received or has had full access to all the information Debt Holder considers necessary or appropriate to make an
informed investment decision with respect to this Amendment and the Shares. Debt Holder has had an opportunity to ask questions and
receive answers from the Company regarding the Company and the Shares, and all such questions, if any, have been satisfactorily
answered as of the date of this Amendment.

Page 2 of 6

First Amendment to Letter Agreement

January 2025

(ii)
Without limiting or reducing in any way Section 2(b)(i), above, the Debt Holder acknowledges that it (A) is aware of,
has received and had an opportunity to review (x) the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on April 1, 2024 (the Annual Report);
and (y) Companys current reports on Form 8-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q from January 1, 2024, to the date of this Amendment
(which filings can be accessed by going to https://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html, typing Mangoceuticals
in the Name, ticker symbol, or CIK field, and clicking the Submit button), in each case (x) through (z),
including, but not limited to, the audited and unaudited financial statements, description of business, risk factors, results of operations,
certain transactions and related business disclosures described therein (collectively the Disclosure Documents)
and an independent investigation made by it of Company; and (B) is not relying on any oral representation of Company or any other person,
nor any written representation or assurance from Company; in connection with Debt Holders entry into this Amendment, acceptance
of the Shares and investment decision in connection therewith.

(c) Illiquid
Securities. Debt Holder realizes that the Shares cannot readily be sold as they will be restricted securities and therefore the Shares
must not be accepted unless such Debt Holder has liquid assets sufficient to assure that holding such Shares indefinitely will cause
no undue financial difficulties and such Debt Holder can provide for current needs and possible personal contingencies.

(d) Discussions
with Advisors. Debt Holder has carefully considered and has, to the extent it believes such discussion necessary, discussed with
its professional, legal, tax and financial advisors, the suitability of an investment in the Shares for its particular tax and financial
situation and its advisers, if such advisors were deemed necessary, have determined that the Shares are a suitable investment for it.

(e) No
General Solicitation. Debt Holder has not become aware of and has not been offered the Shares by any form of general solicitation
or advertising, including, but not limited to, advertisements, articles, notices or other communications published in any newspaper,
magazine, or other similar media or television or radio broadcast or any seminar or meeting where, to such Debt Holders knowledge,
those individuals that have attended have been invited by any such or similar means of general solicitation or advertising.

(f) No
Registration Rights. Debt Holder confirms and acknowledges that Company is not under any obligation to register or seek an exemption
under any federal and/or state securities acts for any sale or transfer of the Shares, and such Debt Holder is solely responsible for
determining the status, in its hands, of the Shares acquired hereunder and the availability, if required, of exemptions from registration
for purposes of sale or transfer of the Shares.

Page 3 of 6

First Amendment to Letter Agreement

January 2025

(g) Investment
Experience. Debt Holder understands that the acquisition of Shares involves substantial risk. Debt Holder acknowledges that Debt
Holder can bear the economic risk of Debt Holders investment in the Shares, and has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial
or business matters such that Debt Holder is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of this investment in the Shares and protecting
its own interests in connection with this investment. Debt Holder hereby represents that it is an accredited investor,
as such term is defined under Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

(h) Restricted
Shares. Debt Holder understands that the Shares will be characterized as restricted securities under the Securities
Act inasmuch as they are being acquired from Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and that, under the Securities
Act and applicable regulations thereunder, such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only in certain
limited circumstances. In this connection, Debt Holder represents that Debt Holder is familiar with Rule 144 as promulgated under the
Securities Act and as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by other applicable provisions
of the Securities Act.

(i) Legend.
Debt Holder acknowledges and understands that the certificates or book-entry statements evidencing the Shares will bear the legend set
forth below:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), OR UNDER
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES. THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED
OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM.
INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME.
THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER TO THE EFFECT THAT
ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OR RESALE IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

3.
Consideration. Each of the Parties agrees and confirms by signing below that they have received valid consideration in connection
with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated herein.

4.
Mutual Representations, Covenants and Warranties. Each of the Parties, for themselves and for the benefit of each of the other
Parties hereto, represents, covenants and warranties that:

(a)
Such Party has all requisite power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute and deliver this Amendment and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party enforceable
against such Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general equitable principles;

Page 4 of 6

First Amendment to Letter Agreement

January 2025

(b)
The execution and delivery by such Party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and shall not,
by the lapse of time, the giving of notice or otherwise: (i) constitute a violation of any law; or (ii) constitute a breach of any provision
contained in, or a default under, any governmental approval, any writ, injunction, order, judgment or decree of any governmental authority
or any contract to which such Party is bound or affected; and

(c)
Any individual executing this Amendment on behalf of an entity has authority to act on behalf of such entity and has been duly and properly
authorized to sign this Amendment on behalf of such entity.

5.
Further Assurances. The Parties agree that, from time to time, each of them will take such other action and to execute, acknowledge
and deliver such contracts, deeds, or other documents as may be reasonably requested and necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes
and intent of this Amendment and the transactions contemplated herein.

6.
Effect of Amendment. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Letter Agreement to Agreement,
hereunder, hereof, herein or words of like import shall mean and be a
reference to such Letter Agreement as modified or amended hereby.

7.
Letter Agreement to Continue in Full Force and Effect. Except as specifically modified or amended herein, the Letter Agreement
and the terms and conditions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.

8.
Entire Amendment. This Amendment sets forth all of the promises, agreements, conditions, understandings, warranties and representations
among the Parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and supersedes all prior agreements, arrangements
and understandings between the Parties, whether written, oral or otherwise, other than the Letter Agreement, which is amended as set
forth herein.

9.
Construction. In this Amendment words importing the singular number include the plural and vice versa; words importing the
masculine gender include the feminine and neuter genders.

10.
Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement is to be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the
State of Texas, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law, rule or regulation (whether of the State of Texas or other jurisdiction)
which would cause the application of any law, rule or regulation other than of the State of Texas. Any dispute, claim, controversy, or
legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any way (any Dispute) shall be exclusively
brought before a business court in the First Business Court Division of the State of Texas (the Business Court),
if the Dispute meets the jurisdictional requirements of such Business Court; and, if the Dispute does not meet the jurisdictional requirements
of such Business Court, or the Business Court is not then accepting new case filings, then the Dispute shall be exclusively brought in
the Circuit Court in and for Dallas County, Texas. The Parties also hereby consent to supplemental jurisdiction by the Business Court
over any claims that are part of the same case or controversy as that which meets the primary jurisdictional requirements of such Business
Court.

11.
Heirs, Successors and Assigns. This Amendment shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors
and permitted assigns. Neither Party shall be able to assign this Amendment without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided,
that, either Party can assign this Amendment to a successor to all or substantially all of its business to which this Amendment relates,
whether by asset sale, merger, reorganization or otherwise.

12.
Counterparts and Signatures. This Amendment and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Amendment,
and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar attachment to
electronic mail (any such delivery, an Electronic Delivery) shall be treated in all manner and respects as
an original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version
thereof delivered in person. No Party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature
or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic Delivery as a defense to the formation of a
contract, and each such Party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent such defense relates to lack of authenticity.

[Remainder
of page left intentionally blank. Signature page follows.]

Page 5 of 6

First Amendment to Letter Agreement

January 2025

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the day and year first above written to be effective as of
the Effective Date.

COMPANY

Mangoceuticals, Inc.

By: 

Its: 

Printed
Name: 

DEBT
HOLDER

MAAB Global, Ltd.

By: 

Its: 

Printed
Name : 

Page 6 of 6

First Amendment to Letter Agreement

January 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

ASSIGNMENT,
ASSUMPTION AND NOVATION AGREEMENT

This
Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement (this Assignment) is made and entered into this 30th
day of January 2025, and effective as of January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and among Mangoceuticals,
Inc., a Texas corporation (Assignor), Mango & Peaches Corp., a Texas corporation (Assignee),
and Epiq Scripts, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (Counterparty).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

A.
Counterparty and Assignor previously entered into those certain agreements dated as listed and outlined on Exhibit A hereto
(as amended from time to time, the Agreement).

B.
Assignor is the 100% owner of Assignee, and Assignee and Assignor desire to assign the Assignors rights and obligations under
the Agreement to Assignee, and for the Counterparty to agree and consent to such assignment.

C.
In consideration of Assignee assuming all of Assignors rights and obligations under the Agreement, Counterparty agrees to consent
to the Assignment (defined below), on the terms and conditions set forth below.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants, agreements, and considerations herein contained, which the
parties each acknowledge the receipt and sufficiency of, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.
Assignment. Assignor hereby assigns, transfers, and conveys to Assignee all of Assignors rights, title, obligations,
and interest in, to, and under the Agreement (the Assignment). From the Effective Date, Assignor has, and
will, promptly, fully, and completely keep, fulfill, observe, perform, and discharge each and every covenant and obligation of the Agreement.

2.
Confirmations. The Assignor and the Counterparty each agree, confirm and acknowledge to the Assignee that:

(a)
No default has occurred under the terms of the Agreement to date;

(b)
The Assignor has complied with all terms of the Agreement through the date of this Assignment (or the Effective Date, whichever is earlier);
and

(c)
There exists no grounds or basis for any claim or allegation by Counterparty (with or without any further notice or grace period) of
any breach or default by Assignor under the Agreement.

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 1 of 7

3.
Assumption.

(a)
Assignee unconditionally assumes and shall promptly, fully and completely keep, fulfill, observe, perform and discharge each and every
covenant and obligation that may accrue and become performable, due or owing by Assignor under the Agreement from and after the Effective
Date.

(b)
Assignee has, and shall, perform the obligations of Assignor that may accrue and become performable, due or owing under the Agreement
from and after the Effective Date, and Assignee shall be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement in every way as if
Assignee were originally a party thereto as Customer. Assignee shall have no liability or obligation whatsoever
with respect to any covenant, condition, or obligation arising or accruing under the Agreement prior to the Effective Date.

4.
Consent; Release of Assignor and Novation.

(a)
Pursuant to the foregoing terms and conditions, Counterparty hereby approves and agrees to the Assignment and the terms and conditions
of this Assignment. Such approval to the extent required shall be deemed the Counterpartys written approval, agreement and consent
to the Assignment for all purposes, and the waiver of any rights which accrue to the Counterparty under the Agreement in connection therewith.

(b)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Counterparty releases and forever discharges Assignor, as well as its officers,
directors, shareholders, employees, agents and representatives, from all obligations accruing under the Agreement after the Effective
Date.

(c)
Counterparty recognizes Assignee as Assignors successor-in-interest in and to the Agreement and to all of Assignors rights
thereunder. Commencing on the Effective Date, Assignee by this Assignment became/becomes entitled to all right, title and interest of
Assignor in and to the Agreement. Following the Effective Date: (i) the term Customer as used in the Agreement,
shall refer to Assignee; (ii) Counterparty accepts the liability of Assignee in lieu of the liability of Assignor; and (iii) Counterparty
shall be bound by the terms of the Agreement in every way as if Assignee were named in the Agreement in place of Assignor as a party
thereto.

(d)
Counterparty consents to the assignment and assumption of the Agreement set forth herein and Counterparty waives any recapture right
that it may have under the Agreement as a result of this assignment.

5.
Ongoing Obligation, Indemnification.

(a)
Assignee shall indemnify and hold Assignor harmless from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, losses, costs (including, without
limitation, reasonable court costs and attorneys fees), liabilities or damages of any kind or nature whatsoever that Assignor
may sustain by reason of Assignees breach or non-fulfillment (whether by action or inaction), of any covenant or obligation under
the Agreement to be performed by Assignor or Assignee thereunder after the Effective Date.

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 2 of 7

(b)
Assignor shall indemnify and hold Assignee harmless from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, losses, costs (including, without
limitation, reasonable court costs and attorneys fees), liabilities or damages of any kind or nature whatsoever that Assignee
may sustain by reason of Assignors breach or non-fulfillment (whether by action or inaction), of any covenant or obligation under
the Agreement to be performed by Assignor thereunder prior to the Effective Date, or by reason of any misrepresentation or breach by
Assignor of any warranty set forth herein.

(c)
Assignor shall indemnify and hold Counterparty harmless from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, losses, costs (including,
without limitation, reasonable court costs and attorneys fees), liabilities or damages of any kind or nature whatsoever that Counterparty
may sustain by reason of Assignors breach or non-fulfillment (whether by action or inaction), of any covenant or obligation or
representation under the Agreement to be performed by Assignor, or by reason of any misrepresentation or breach by Assignor of any warranty
set forth herein.

(d)
Assignee shall indemnify and hold Counterparty harmless from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, losses, costs (including,
without limitation, reasonable court costs and attorneys fees), liabilities or damages of any kind or nature whatsoever that Counterparty
may sustain by reason of Assignees breach or non-fulfillment (whether by action or inaction), of any covenant or representation
or obligation under the Agreement to be performed by Assignee, or by reason of any misrepresentation or breach by Assignor of any warranty
set forth herein.

(e)
The indemnification obligations under this Section shall be conditioned upon the indemnitee giving notice to the indemnitor promptly
after the indemnitee receives notice of the claim and shall survive the expiration or termination of the Agreement.

6.
Continued Effectiveness. Except as otherwise provided or modified herein, all terms and conditions of the Agreement shall
remain effective with respect to Assignee and Counterparty.

7.
Representations, Covenants, and Warranties. Each of the parties, for themselves and for the benefit of each of the other parties
hereto, represents, covenants and warranties that:

(a)
Such party has all requisite power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute and deliver this Assignment and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Assignment constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of such party enforceable
against such party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general equitable principles;

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 3 of 7

(b)
The execution and delivery by such party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and shall not,
by the lapse of time, the giving of notice or otherwise: (i) constitute a violation of any law; or (ii) constitute a breach of any provision
contained in, or a default under, any governmental approval, any writ, injunction, order, judgment or decree of any governmental authority,
any of the governing documents of such party, or any contract to which such party is bound or affected; and

(c)
any individual executing this Assignment on behalf of a party has the authority to act on behalf of such party and has been duly and
properly authorized to sign this Assignment on behalf of such party.

8.
Further Assurances. The parties agree that, from time to time, each of them will take such other action and to execute, acknowledge
and deliver such contracts, deeds, or other documents as may be reasonably requested and necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes
and intent of this Assignment and the transactions contemplated herein.

9.
Consideration. All of the parties agree and confirm by signing below that they have received valid consideration in connection
with this Assignment and the transactions contemplated herein.

10.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined within this Assignment shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.

(b)
Each provision of this Assignment shall extend, bind and inure to the benefit of Counterparty, Assignor and Assignee and their respective
permitted successors and assigns, including without limitation successor assignees of the Agreement.

(c)
This Assignment contains the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters set forth herein, and all prior negotiations
and agreements are merged in this Assignment. This Assignment may not be changed, modified, or discharged, in whole or in part, except
by a written instrument executed by the party against whom enforcement of the change, modification, or discharge is sought.

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 4 of 7

(d)
Each party herein expressly represents and warrants to all other parties hereto that (a) before executing this Assignment, said party
has fully informed itself of the terms, contents, conditions, and effects of this Assignment; (b) said party has relied solely and completely
upon its own judgment in executing this Assignment; (c) said party has had the opportunity to seek and has obtained the advice of its
own legal, tax and business advisors before executing this Assignment; (d) said party has acted voluntarily and of its own free will
in executing this Assignment; and (e) this Assignment is the result of arms length negotiations conducted by and among the parties
and their respective counsel.

(e)
This Assignment and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Assignment, and any amendments hereto or
thereto may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any such counterpart,
to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar attachment to electronic mail (any such
delivery, an Electronic Delivery) shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart
and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person.
No party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument
was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic Delivery as a defense to the formation of a contract, and each such party
forever waives any such defense, except to the extent such defense relates to lack of authenticity.

(f)
This Assignment shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Texas.

(g)
If any term or provision of this Assignment or any application thereof shall be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Assignment
and any other application of such term shall not be affected thereby.

11.
All Parties Consent. Each of Assignor, Assignee, and Counterparty consent to all of the provisions of this Assignment.

[Remainder
of page left intentionally blank. Signature page follows.]

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 5 of 7

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Assignment the day and year first above written, to be effective as of the Effective
Date.

ASSIGNOR: 

Mangoceuticals,
Inc. 

By: /s/
Jacob Cohen 

Name: Jacob
Cohen 

Title: CEO 

ASSIGNEE: 

Mango
& Peaches Corp. 

By: /s/
Jacob Cohen 

Name: Jacob
Cohen 

Title: CEO 

COUNTERPARTY: 

EPIQ
SCRIPTS, LLC 

By: /s/
Sultan Haroon 

Name: Sultan
Haroon 

Title: Manager 

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 6 of 7

EXHIBIT
A

Date Name
of Document

09/01/2022 Master
Services Agreement

03/30/2023 Amendment
and Addendum to The Statement of Work

08/16/2023 Amendment
and Addendum to The Statement of Work

09/19/2023 Amendment
and Addendum to The Statement of Work

12/22/2023 Amendment
and Addendum to The Statement of Work

07/01/2024 Amendment
and Addendum to The Statement of Work

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 7 of 7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-5.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.5

ASSIGNMENT,
ASSUMPTION AND NOVATION AGREEMENT

This
Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement (this Assignment) is made and entered into this 30th
day of January 2025, and effective as of January 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and among Mangoceuticals,
Inc., a Texas corporation (Assignor), Mango & Peaches Corp., a Texas corporation (Assignee),
and Epiq Scripts, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (Counterparty).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

A.
Counterparty and Assignor previously entered into that Consulting Agreement dated September 15, 2023 attached in the form of Exhibit
A hereto (as amended from time to time, the Agreement).

B.
Assignor is the 100% owner of Assignee, and Assignee and Assignor desire to assign the Assignors rights and obligations under
the Agreement to Assignee, and for the Counterparty to agree and consent to such assignment.

C.
In consideration of Assignee assuming all of Assignors rights and obligations under the Agreement, Counterparty agrees to consent
to the Assignment (defined below), on the terms and conditions set forth below.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants, agreements, and considerations herein contained, which the
parties each acknowledge the receipt and sufficiency of, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.
Assignment. Assignor hereby assigns, transfers, and conveys to Assignee all of Assignors rights, title, obligations,
and interest in, to, and under the Agreement (the Assignment). From the Effective Date, Assignor has, and
will, promptly, fully, and completely keep, fulfill, observe, perform, and discharge each and every covenant and obligation of the Agreement.

2.
Confirmations. The Assignor and the Counterparty each agree, confirm and acknowledge to the Assignee that:

(a)
No default has occurred under the terms of the Agreement to date;

(b)
The Assignor has complied with all terms of the Agreement through the date of this Assignment (or the Effective Date, whichever is earlier);
and

(c)
There exists no grounds or basis for any claim or allegation by Counterparty (with or without any further notice or grace period) of
any breach or default by Assignor under the Agreement.

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 1 of 7

3.
Assumption.

(a)
Assignee unconditionally assumes and shall promptly, fully and completely keep, fulfill, observe, perform and discharge each and every
covenant and obligation that may accrue and become performable, due or owing by Assignor under the Agreement from and after the Effective
Date.

(b)
Assignee has, and shall, perform the obligations of Assignor that may accrue and become performable, due or owing under the Agreement
from and after the Effective Date, and Assignee shall be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement in every way as if
Assignee were originally a party thereto as Company. Assignee shall have no liability or obligation whatsoever
with respect to any covenant, condition, or obligation arising or accruing under the Agreement prior to the Effective Date.

4.
Consent; Release of Assignor and Novation.

(a)
Pursuant to the foregoing terms and conditions, Counterparty hereby approves and agrees to the Assignment and the terms and conditions
of this Assignment. Such approval to the extent required shall be deemed the Counterpartys written approval, agreement and consent
to the Assignment for all purposes, and the waiver of any rights which accrue to the Counterparty under the Agreement in connection therewith.

(b)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Counterparty releases and forever discharges Assignor, as well as its officers,
directors, shareholders, employees, agents and representatives, from all obligations accruing under the Agreement after the Effective
Date.

(c)
Counterparty recognizes Assignee as Assignors successor-in-interest in and to the Agreement and to all of Assignors rights
thereunder. Commencing on the Effective Date, Assignee by this Assignment became/becomes entitled to all right, title and interest of
Assignor in and to the Agreement. Following the Effective Date: (i) the term Company as used in the Agreement,
shall refer to Assignee; (ii) Counterparty accepts the liability of Assignee in lieu of the liability of Assignor; and (iii) Counterparty
shall be bound by the terms of the Agreement in every way as if Assignee were named in the Agreement in place of Assignor as a party
thereto.

(d)
Counterparty consents to the assignment and assumption of the Agreement set forth herein and Counterparty waives any recapture right
that it may have under the Agreement as a result of this assignment.

5.
Ongoing Obligation, Indemnification.

(a)
Assignee shall indemnify and hold Assignor harmless from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, losses, costs (including, without
limitation, reasonable court costs and attorneys fees), liabilities or damages of any kind or nature whatsoever that Assignor
may sustain by reason of Assignees breach or non-fulfillment (whether by action or inaction), of any covenant or obligation under
the Agreement to be performed by Assignor or Assignee thereunder after the Effective Date.

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 2 of 7

(b)
Assignor shall indemnify and hold Assignee harmless from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, losses, costs (including, without
limitation, reasonable court costs and attorneys fees), liabilities or damages of any kind or nature whatsoever that Assignee
may sustain by reason of Assignors breach or non-fulfillment (whether by action or inaction), of any covenant or obligation under
the Agreement to be performed by Assignor thereunder prior to the Effective Date, or by reason of any misrepresentation or breach by
Assignor of any warranty set forth herein.

(c)
Assignor shall indemnify and hold Counterparty harmless from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, losses, costs (including,
without limitation, reasonable court costs and attorneys fees), liabilities or damages of any kind or nature whatsoever that Counterparty
may sustain by reason of Assignors breach or non-fulfillment (whether by action or inaction), of any covenant or obligation or
representation under the Agreement to be performed by Assignor, or by reason of any misrepresentation or breach by Assignor of any warranty
set forth herein.

(d)
Assignee shall indemnify and hold Counterparty harmless from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, losses, costs (including,
without limitation, reasonable court costs and attorneys fees), liabilities or damages of any kind or nature whatsoever that Counterparty
may sustain by reason of Assignees breach or non-fulfillment (whether by action or inaction), of any covenant or representation
or obligation under the Agreement to be performed by Assignee, or by reason of any misrepresentation or breach by Assignor of any warranty
set forth herein.

(e)
The indemnification obligations under this Section shall be conditioned upon the indemnitee giving notice to the indemnitor promptly
after the indemnitee receives notice of the claim and shall survive the expiration or termination of the Agreement.

6.
Continued Effectiveness. Except as otherwise provided or modified herein, all terms and conditions of the Agreement shall
remain effective with respect to Assignee and Counterparty.

7.
Representations, Covenants, and Warranties. Each of the parties, for themselves and for the benefit of each of the other parties
hereto, represents, covenants and warranties that:

(a)
Such party has all requisite power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute and deliver this Assignment and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Assignment constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of such party enforceable
against such party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general equitable principles;

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 3 of 7

(b)
The execution and delivery by such party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and shall not,
by the lapse of time, the giving of notice or otherwise: (i) constitute a violation of any law; or (ii) constitute a breach of any provision
contained in, or a default under, any governmental approval, any writ, injunction, order, judgment or decree of any governmental authority,
any of the governing documents of such party, or any contract to which such party is bound or affected; and

(c)
any individual executing this Assignment on behalf of a party has the authority to act on behalf of such party and has been duly and
properly authorized to sign this Assignment on behalf of such party.

8.
Further Assurances. The parties agree that, from time to time, each of them will take such other action and to execute, acknowledge
and deliver such contracts, deeds, or other documents as may be reasonably requested and necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes
and intent of this Assignment and the transactions contemplated herein.

9.
Consideration. All of the parties agree and confirm by signing below that they have received valid consideration in connection
with this Assignment and the transactions contemplated herein.

10.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined within this Assignment shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.

(b)
Each provision of this Assignment shall extend, bind and inure to the benefit of Counterparty, Assignor and Assignee and their respective
permitted successors and assigns, including without limitation successor assignees of the Agreement.

(c)
This Assignment contains the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters set forth herein, and all prior negotiations
and agreements are merged in this Assignment. This Assignment may not be changed, modified, or discharged, in whole or in part, except
by a written instrument executed by the party against whom enforcement of the change, modification, or discharge is sought.

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 4 of 7

(d)
Each party herein expressly represents and warrants to all other parties hereto that (a) before executing this Assignment, said party
has fully informed itself of the terms, contents, conditions, and effects of this Assignment; (b) said party has relied solely and completely
upon its own judgment in executing this Assignment; (c) said party has had the opportunity to seek and has obtained the advice of its
own legal, tax and business advisors before executing this Assignment; (d) said party has acted voluntarily and of its own free will
in executing this Assignment; and (e) this Assignment is the result of arms length negotiations conducted by and among the parties
and their respective counsel.

(e)
This Assignment and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Assignment, and any amendments hereto or
thereto may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any such counterpart,
to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar attachment to electronic mail (any such
delivery, an Electronic Delivery) shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart
and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person.
No party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument
was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic Delivery as a defense to the formation of a contract, and each such party
forever waives any such defense, except to the extent such defense relates to lack of authenticity.

(f)
This Assignment shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Texas.

(g)
If any term or provision of this Assignment or any application thereof shall be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Assignment
and any other application of such term shall not be affected thereby.

11.
All Parties Consent. Each of Assignor, Assignee, and Counterparty consent to all of the provisions of this Assignment.

[Remainder
of page left intentionally blank. Signature page follows.]

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 5 of 7

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Assignment the day and year first above written, to be effective as of the Effective
Date.

ASSIGNOR: 

Mangoceuticals,
Inc. 

By: /s/
Jacob Cohen 

Name: Jacob
Cohen 

Title: CEO 

ASSIGNEE: 

Mango
& Peaches Corp. 

By: /s/
Jacob Cohen 

Name: Jacob
Cohen 

Title: CEO 

COUNTERPARTY: 

EPIQ
SCRIPTS, LLC 

By: /s/
Sultan Haroon 

Name: Sultan
Haroon 

Title: Manager 

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 6 of 7

EXHIBIT
A

CONSULTING
AGREEMENT

Assignment, Assumption and Novation Agreement

Page 7 of 7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-6.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.6

LT
GLOBAL PRACTICE MANAGEMENT

SERVICE
AGREEMENT

THIS
SERVICE AGREEMENT (Agreement) is made and entered into this 28th day of January 2025 by and
between LT Global Practice Management (LT Global Practice Management or the Contractor)
of 3400 Welborn Street, #226, Dallas, TX 75219 and Mango & Peaches Corp. (Client) of 15110 N. Dallas
Pkwy, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas 75248; collectively referred to herein as the parties. 

RECITALS

1. Contractor
provides experienced, qualified virtual professionals (hereinafter VP and/or VP Services)
ranging from the rate of One Thousand Eight Hundred and NO/00 Dollars to Three Thousand Five Hundred and NO/00 Dollars on a full-time
basis per VP. 

2. Client
desires to hire Contractor to provide VP Services and/or general consulting services (on an as needed basis with a one-month minimum
term).

3. Client
and Contractor acknowledge that Client may, from time to time, wish to engage Contractors consulting services which shall
be memorialized and agreed upon in a separate writing as to when such services shall take place.

4. Contractor
desires to provide VP Services to Client according to the terms of this Agreement.

5. During
the term of this Agreement and for two years thereafter, the Client shall not, without the Contractors explicit written consent,
knowingly, directly or indirectly, solicit or recruit for employment or hire any of the Contractors employees, suppliers,
vendors, or VPs. The Client acknowledges that such an act will be a direct violation of this Agreement and can cause the Contractor
irreparable harm to which the Contractor shall seek to recover damages.

AND
NOW, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the parties, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLES

1.
Incorporation. The above recitals are hereby made a part of this Agreement as set forth above.

2.
Effective Date. This Agreement is effective as of the date it is signed by the last party to sign it, as indicated by the date next
to the partys signature (Effective Date). If any party signs this document but fails to date their
signature, the date the other party receives the signing partys signed Agreement shall be deemed to be the date that such signing
party executed this Agreement.

3.
Commencement Date. The VP Services contracted for, by the terms of this agreement, shall commence on January 15, 2025 or the first
available date.

4.
Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing the other party with written notice; said termination shall be
provided at least thirty (30) days in advance of the termination date. Client shall be responsible to pay the fee for services rendered
up to and including the termination date.

5.
Description of Services. Contractors virtual assistants (VP) may be engaged to perform the following tasks for Client: answer
incoming calls, return telephone calls, contacting Clients clients via telephone and/or Portal, scheduling appointments, performing
other secretarial duties as needed and only after appropriate training as agreed upon by Contractor and Client during the course of this
Agreement.

6.
Payment. Client agrees to pay a flat fee for the any services requested. Client shall pre-pay for the VP Services to secure availability.
A late fee of Fifty and NO/00 Dollars ($50.00) per day will apply if the payment is not made by the 25th of the month.

7.
Responsibilities of Client. When VP Services are provided to Client, Client shall:

Provide
VP(s) with the systems and processes of the client in order to further success of VP.

8.
Confidentiality. The parties agree to treat and hold all information of/or relating to this Agreement and the VP Services provided
by Contractor or the VPs in strict confidence and further agree the parties and the VPs will not use any of the aforesaid information
except in connection with fulfilling the terms of this Agreement.

The
parties acknowledge and agree that it will be necessary for the parties to disclose certain confidential and propriety information to
the Contractor in order for VP Services to be provided to Client in an efficient and effective manner in order for Contractor to perform
its duties under this Agreement. The parties further acknowledge and agree that disclosure of the aforesaid information by Contractor
or Contractors VP(s) to a third party or misuses of this propriety or confidential information would cause irreparable harm to
Client, Contractor, or both.

Accordingly,
the parties hereby agree they will not disclose, directly or indirectly, either individually or through their employees, agents or assigns,
any proprietary or confidential information of either party without prior written permission except to the extent necessary to perform
Services on Clients behalf.

Client
will further ensure that the VPs abide by the terms of this Agreement and keep the Contractors proprietary and confidential information
confidential.

Proprietary
or confidential information includes, but is not limited to:

a.
The written, printed, graphic, or electronically recorded materials furnished by Contractor to Client or his/her/its agents, employees,
or assigns;

b.
The written, printed, graphic, or electronically recorded materials furnished by Client to Contractor or its agents, employees, or assigns;

c.
Any and all data in Clients case management system (regardless of whether such information relates to Client specifically or to
Clients clients); including, but not limited to: social security numbers, bank account information, health information, phone
numbers, addresses, email addresses, case information, staff information, accounting information (including billable hours, profit, revenue,
expenses, profit margins), KPI information (lead data, case data, profitability data), marketing technics and systems, procedural systems
utilized by the firm, etc.

d.
Any written or tangible information stamped confidential, proprietary or with
a similar legend, that Client makes reasonable efforts to maintain in secrecy of business or marketing plans or strategies, customer
lists, operating procedures, trade secrets, design formulas, know-how and processes, computer programs and inventories, discoveries,
and improvements of any kind, sales projections, and pricing information; Further, Client is under no formal obligation to identify the
extent of any and all confidential information. Therefore, to the extent that it is not specifically listed herein, confidential information
shall include and all information that by its very nature, or under the circumstances of the disclosure, shall reasonable be understood
to be confidential or proprietary. Further, any information from/gained by Contractor (and Contractors VP(s)), directly or indirectly,
is by definition confidential information. 

The
Contractor hereby acknowledges that it is aware (and that its Representatives are aware or, prior to receipt of any Confidential Information,
will be advised by the Contractor), that the United States securities laws prohibit any person who has received from an issuer material,
non-public information, from purchasing or selling securities of such issuer (including, but not limited to, selling short) or from communicating
such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person will purchase or sell
such securities and that the Contractor and its officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, Representatives)
will comply with such laws.

Each
party receiving proprietary and/or confidential information (Confidential Information) hereunder (a Receiving Party)
hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that its failure or threatened failure to comply with the provisions of this Agreement may cause
irreparable harm and damage to the party disclosing such Confidential Information (the Disclosing Party) for which the
Disclosing Party will have no adequate remedy at law and which is reasonably foreseeable to have a material adverse effect upon the Disclosing
Party. Accordingly, the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek a temporary, preliminary and/or permanent injunction in order to prevent
or restrain any such breach by Receiving Party and the Disclosing Party shall not be required to post bond as a condition of the granting
of such injunctive relief. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 8, Receiving Party assumes liability for all costs,
expenses and damages (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees and investigation costs) arising from any breach
of this Agreement by Receiving Party (and/or its direct and indirect subsidiaries and direct and indirect parent entities, if any and/or
its Representatives), including without limitation, unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information to third parties by agents,
attorneys, accountants, or employees of Receiving Party or any other person to whom Receiving Party makes known any Confidential Information.
In addition to any and all remedies available to the Disclosing Party at law or in equity respecting a breach hereof, Receiving Party
agrees, at its own expense, to take commercially reasonable measures including, but not limited to, court proceedings to restrain any
person to whom Receiving Party has disclosed Confidential Information from using or disclosing Confidential Information in any manner
contrary to this Agreement. 

9.
Relationship of Parties. For the entire duration of this Agreement, Contractor shall not be an employee of Client. As such:

a.
Contractor is an Independent Contractor as defined by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS);

b.
Contractor is responsible for the payment of Contractors income tax and Client shall not retain and/or pay Contractors
state and/or federal income or other associated employment taxes;

c.
Contractor is free to provide VP and/or Consulting Services to others without limitation by Client;

d.
Contractor retains the right to control and direct the means, manner, and method by which the VP and/or Consulting Services required
by this Agreement will be performed (with the exception that Client must approve the VP Services with respect to fulfilling Clients
professional and ethical obligations); and

e.
Client shall not provide fringe benefits to Contractor, including, but not limited to, tax withholding, health insurance benefits, paid
vacation, disability insurance, etc.

10.
Non-Disparagement Agreement. The parties mutually agree not to make public defamatory statements that would materially harm the reputation
or business activities of any party to this Agreement.

11.
Indemnification. Contractor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Client and its employees, agents, and assigns for any injury, property
damage, liability, claim or other cause of action arising out of or related to services performed hereunder.

12.
Authorized to Sign. The individual signing this Agreement on behalf of Client and Contractor warrants, agrees, and represents that
s/he is expressly authorized to sign this Agreement on behalf of such respective party.

13.
Force Majeure. Either party may choose to be excused of any further performance obligations in the event of a disastrous occurrence
outside the control or either party that materially affects the performance of VP Services, such as: an act of God (fires, explosions,
earthquakes, hurricane, natural disasters, flooding, storms or infestation of pests), or War, Invasion, Act of Foreign Enemies, Embargo,
or other Hostility (whether declared or not), or any hazardous situation created or occurring outside the control of either party such
as a riot, disorder, pandemic, nuclear leak or explosion, or act or threat of terrorism.

14.
Arbitration and Choice of Law. The parties agree that any disagreement, controversy or claim arising out of, or relating to this
Agreement, or breach thereof, either directly or indirectly, including torts, shall be settled by arbitration pursuant to the laws of
the State of Texas.

15.
Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal,
or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof, and this
Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.

16.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire Agreement between the parties. All prior communications are merged into this
Agreement, and there are no terms or conditions other than those set forth herein.

17.
Modifications in Writing. This Agreement may be amended only by the parties written agreement with proper Notice as defined
herein. Further, no statement or promise of Contractor or its agents, employees, successors, or assigns shall be binding unless reduced
to writing and signed by Contractor. No change shall be enforceable against any party unless it is in writing and signed by the parties.

18.
Descriptive Heading. The descriptive headings used herein are for convenience only and are not intended to necessarily refer to the
matter in sections which precede or follow them, and have no effect whatsoever in determining the rights or obligations of the parties.

19.
Gender. Words of any gender used in this Agreement shall be held and construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular
number shall be held to include the plural, and vice versa, unless the context requires otherwise.

20.
Non-Waiver. The failure of any party to insist on strict performance by any party hereto, or the terms of this Agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver, release, or relinquishment thereof.

21.
Execution & Multiple Originals. This Agreement may be executed via electronic media (email or facsimile), and in counterparts.
This Agreement may also be executed in multiple originals, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall be admissible in any proceedings,
legal or otherwise, without the production of other such originals.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, have hereunder set their/its hands and seals on the date
delineated below by the parties.

LT
Global Practice Management 

/s/
Lucine Aghajanyan 

By: Lucine
Aghajanyan 

Its: Manager 

Mango
& Peaches Corp. 

/s/
Jacob Cohen 

By: Jacob
Cohen 

Its: CEO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-7.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.7

MASTER
DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

This
Master Distribution Agreement (Agreement) is made this 30th day of January 2025 (the Effective
Date), between Propre Energie Inc., a Quebec Corporation and a licensor of intellectual property that manufactures
and produces various plant-based, non-retinol skin brightening products marketed and sold under the brand Dermytol (Supplier,
and Mangoceuticals, Inc., a Texas corporation (Distributor). Supplier and Distributor may be referred to
individually as a Party or collectively as the Parties.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Distributor is the owner of a brand of mens health and wellness pharmaceutical- based products manufactured and produced in a
3rd-party 503A pharmacy in the United States under the brand name MangoRx;

WHEREAS,
Supplier holds the exclusive rights to certain intellectual property and patent specializing in clinically proven, plant-based formulations
targeting hyperpigmentation, dark spots, uneven skin tone, and skin brightening through advanced solutions marketed under the brand Dermytol
and which products are defined in Exhibit A (collectively, the Products);

WHEREAS,
Distributors products are backed by research showcasing their efficacy in promoting skin health and brightness without harmful
side effects with a brief overview and description of the Patent attached hereto as Exhibit B (Description of Patent);

WHEREAS,
Supplier and Distributor desire to enter into an exclusive arrangement to sell and distribute the Products in the specific markets and
territories identified in Exhibit C (collectively, the Market), with a goal of expanding their capacities and market
reach;

WHEREAS,
Supplier desires to sell Products to Distributor for resale into the Market; and

WHEREAS,
Distributor desires to sell the Products on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, these Recitals being incorporated into
and made a part of the Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and agreements contained herein, and other valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1.
Appointment of Distributor. Supplier hereby appoints Distributor as the exclusive distributor of the Products to the Market in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Distributor shall use commercially reasonable efforts to sell and promote the sale of
the Products to the Market. Distributor may appoint sub-distributors in the Market at its own risk, expense, and supervision. Distributor
warrants that any sub-distributor shall be subject to all standards, rules, regulations, and terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Distributor will notify Supplier in writing of any sub-distributors it appoints. Supplier agrees not to circumvent Distributors
exclusivity in any way, including but not limited to: (i) appointing any other person or entity as a Distributor of the Products in the
Market; or (ii) offering the Products in its own market-facing brand or a different brand to the Market, except pursuant to a prior written
agreement by the Parties entered into after the date of this Agreement. Supplier acknowledges and agrees that breach of the exclusivity
rights granted hereunder would cause irreparable harm and damage to Distributor and that such damage may not be ascertainable in money
damages and that as a result thereof Distributor would be entitled to seek from a court equitable or injunctive relief restraining any
breach or future violation of the terms contained herein by Supplier without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting
any bond. Such right to equitable relief is in addition to whatever remedies Distributor may be entitled to as a matter of law or equity,
including money damages.

2.
Grant of License.

(a) License:
Supplier hereby:

a. Grants
to Distributor an exclusive, non-transferable (except to sub-distributors as discussed in Section 1, above) right and license to
market, sell, and distribute the Products to end-users, customers or clients (collectively, End Users) within
the Market; and

b. Grants
sub-licenses of these rights to third parties (sub-distributors) within the Market, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and Suppliers prior written consent, with further instructions that:

i.
Any
sub-license be in writing and expressly incorporate the terms and conditions of this Agreement;

ii.
Sub-distributor
shall not be granted any rights that are greater than the rights granted to the Distributor under this Agreement; and

iii.
Provide
that any breach of the sub-license by the sub-distributor shall be deemed a breach of this Agreement by the Distributor.

(b) Reservation
of Rights: Except for the rights expressly granted in this Section, Supplier reserves all other rights, title, and interest in
and to the Products, including all intellectual property rights.

3.
Prices and Terms. Distributor shall pay Supplier for the Products and performance of services hereunder as follows:

a. Distributor
will provide Supplier with a Purchase Order outlining the mutually agreed- upon quantity, pricing, and shipping/delivery arrangements
for the Products between the Supplier and Distributor.

b. Supplier
shall invoice Distributor for its Products in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Order, unless amended in writing by the Parties.

c. Supplier
shall submit invoices to Distributor no later than 10 days prior to the anticipated shipping or delivery date of the Products to
the location defined in the Distributors purchase order.

d. Each
invoice will be paid to the Supplier within 2 days of the Products anticipated shipping or delivery date.

e. As
part of the consideration for the license and distribution rights, Distributor agrees to issue to Supplier a total of Six Hundred
and Fifty Thousand (650,000) restricted shares of the Distributors common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares).

f. Additionally,
the Distributor agrees to pay Supplier a royalty equal to one percent (1%) of all gross sales derived by Distributer from Dermytol
or any byproducts of Dermytol for as long as this Agreement is in effect. Gross Sales means an amount (not less
than zero) determined as of the end of any applicable period of determination, equal to (a) the sum of any cash revenues received
by the Distributor in connection with the sale of Products for such applicable period of determination, minus (b) the amount of any
returns, chargebacks and other refunds relating to Products, during the applicable period, or for any other period during which the
royalty has previously been paid, if affected during the current period.

All
payments shall be made in U.S. dollars as directed. The Parties shall be responsible for their own taxes of any kind or nature excluding
taxes and fees incurred to deliver the Products to the end client, such as all VAT, sales taxes, use taxes, and charges of any kind imposed
by any federal, state, or local government entity for Products or Services provided under this Agreement. Distributor shall have the
right, upon reasonable notice, to conduct an inspection of the Products in order to confirm the requested Products are as purchased in
accordance with the Purchase Order.

4.
Terms and Conditions of Sales. All prices of the Products are FOB origin/Supplier. The Parties agree that Distributor will handle
all billing and account receivables. Any applicable discounts or rebates are payments which are subject to the disclosure requirements
as discounts or other reductions in price under the provisions of 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)(3)(A). Accordingly,
Distributor agrees that it will inform its End-Users who participate in federal and state health care programs and purchase the Products
that they must submit claims or requests for payment in a manner reasonably calculated to give notice of the obligation to report discounts
and to provide information upon request as set forth in 42 CFR 1001.952(h)(1). Distributor also agrees that it will refrain from
doing anything that would impede its End- Users ability to meet its obligations under 42 CFR 1001.952(h).

5.
Order Acceptance and Response Timeframe.

a. Order
Acceptance: All orders for Products placed by the Distributor are subject to acceptance by the Supplier.

b. Response
Time: The Supplier will communicate acceptance or denial of the order to the Distributor within three (3) business days of receiving
the order. If the Supplier fails to provide a response within this period, the order will be deemed accepted by the Supplier.

c. Notification
of Delays: If factors beyond the Suppliers control prevent timely acceptance or denial, the Supplier will promptly notify
the Distributor in writing. Both Parties will then mutually agree on a revised timeframe for the Suppliers response.

d. Shipping
Designation: Each purchase order must specify the locations for shipment of all Products within the designated Market.

e. Returns
and Freight Costs: The Distributor or the Distributors End-Users may return Products that do not conform to the warranties
or that are shipped in error (Returned Products). The Supplier will bear all associated return freight costs. The Distributor
shall receive either a credit for future purchases or a return of monies paid for Returned Products, at the option of the Distributor.

6.
Term. The term of this Agreement shall continue for three (3) years from the Effective Date (Initial Term) unless
sooner terminated in accordance with Section 18 herein. Upon the expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically be
extended for three (3) additional one (1) year terms (each, a Renewal Term; the Initial Term and each Renewal Term
shall be collectively referred to as the Term), unless either party gives written notice to terminate to the other
party at least ninety days (90) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term. If Distributor sells substantially all
of its assets or a majority interest in the Distributor during the term of this Agreement, then Supplier shall have a right to terminate
the Agreement effective immediately upon execution of such sale or change of control; however, in the event the Agreement is terminated
in connection therewith, Supplier will continue to fulfill Distributors existing customer contracts for the sale of Products until
those agreement(s) terminate with no further liability hereunder, except for such claims and obligations that arose prior to the date
of termination.

7.
Confidentiality. During the term of this Agreement, and for a period of two (2) years thereafter, each Party agrees to treat all
proprietary non-public information pertaining to this Agreement and the relationship created thereunder, as confidential and will not
disclose any information, written or oral, obtained as a result of this Agreement and the relationship created thereunder, to any third
parties without the other Partys prior written consent, except as authorized hereunder or required by applicable law or regulations.

8.
Warranties and Representations of Supplier. Supplier represents warrants and covenants to Distributor as follows:

a. All
Products will be new, merchantable, and free from defects in material, packaging, labeling, and workmanship.

b. All
Products will be manufactured, tested, packaged, labeled, stored, imported, assembled, shipped, and invoiced in compliance with this
Agreement.

c. All
Products will conform to the specifications, samples, drawings, and other written documentation for the Products that are provided
by Supplier to Distributor, and to any other specifications agreed to by Supplier and Distributor.

d. All
Products will be packaged, labeled, and shipped in accordance with Distributors instructions.

e. No
Product will be counterfeit nor will any Product or any advertising or marketing materials related to any Product infringe on the
patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, or other rights of any third party.

f. Supplier
will acquire sole and exclusive ownership of all rights, title, and interests in and to all Products delivered to Distributor, free
and clear of all liens, security interests, and encumbrances.

g. No
Product will be adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act.

h. The
Supplier shall provide to Distributor its best possible, preferred pricing on all Products, including any Products outside the scope
of Exhibit A hereto, and Distributor shall be allowed to pursue alternative sources for any and all Products should Supplier not
provide competitive or best pricing.

i. All
Products, including, but not limited to, medical devices or other prescribed medical Products, shall comply and be certified as to
their strict adherence to all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and requirements for each device or Product.

j. Securities
Representations:

(a)
Purchase for Own Account. The Shares to be issued to Supplier hereunder will be acquired for investment for Suppliers own
account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the public resale or distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Supplier has no present intention of selling, granting
any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same.

(b)
Disclosure of Information.

(i)
Supplier has received or has had full access to all the information Supplier considers necessary or appropriate to make an informed investment
decision with respect to the Shares to be issued to Supplier hereunder. Supplier has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive
answers from the Distributor regarding the Distributor and the Shares, and all such questions, if any, have been satisfactorily answered
as of the date of this Agreement.

(ii)
Without limiting or reducing in any way Section 8j(b)(i), above, the Supplier acknowledges that it (A) is aware of, has received
and had an opportunity to review (x) the Distributors Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on April 1, 2024 (the Annual Report);
and (y) Distributors current reports on Form 8-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q from January 1, 2024, to the date of this
Agreement (which filings can be accessed by going to https://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html, typing Mangoceuticals
in the Name, ticker symbol, or CIK field, and clicking the Submit button), in each case (x) through (z),
including, but not limited to, the audited and unaudited financial statements, description of business, risk factors, results of operations,
certain transactions and related business disclosures described therein (collectively the Disclosure Documents)
and an independent investigation made by it of Distributor; and (B) is not relying on any oral representation of Distributor or any other
person, nor any written representation or assurance from Distributor; in connection with Suppliers acceptance of the Shares and
investment decision in connection therewith.

(c)
Illiquid Securities. Supplier realizes that the Shares cannot readily be sold as they will be restricted securities and therefore
the Shares must not be accepted unless such Supplier has liquid assets sufficient to assure that holding such Shares indefinitely will
cause no undue financial difficulties and such Supplier can provide for current needs and possible personal contingencies.

(d)
Discussions with Advisors. Supplier has carefully considered and has, to the extent it believes such discussion necessary, discussed
with its professional, legal, tax and financial advisors, the suitability of an investment in the Shares for its particular tax and financial
situation and its advisers, if such advisors were deemed necessary, have determined that the Shares are a suitable investment for it.

(e)
No General Solicitation. Supplier has not become aware of and has not been offered the Shares by any form of general solicitation
or advertising, including, but not limited to, advertisements, articles, notices or other communications published in any newspaper,
magazine, or other similar media or television or radio broadcast or any seminar or meeting where, to such Suppliers knowledge,
those individuals that have attended have been invited by any such or similar means of general solicitation or advertising.

(f)
No Registration Rights. Supplier confirms and acknowledges that Distributor is not under any obligation to register or seek an
exemption under any federal and/or state securities acts for any sale or transfer of the Shares, and such Supplier is solely responsible
for determining the status, in its hands, of the Shares acquired hereunder and the availability, if required, of exemptions from registration
for purposes of sale or transfer of the Shares.

(g)
Investment Experience. Supplier understands that the acquisition of Shares involves substantial risk. Supplier acknowledges that
Supplier can bear the economic risk of Suppliers investment in the Shares, and has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial
or business matters such that Supplier is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of this investment in the Shares and protecting
its own interests in connection with this investment. Supplier hereby represents that it is an accredited investor,
as such term is defined under Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

(h)
Restricted Shares. Supplier understands that the Shares are characterized as restricted securities under
the Securities Act inasmuch as they are being acquired from Distributor in a transaction not involving a public offering and that, under
the Securities Act and applicable regulations thereunder, such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act
only in certain limited circumstances. In this connection, Supplier represents that Supplier is familiar with Rule 144 as promulgated
under the Securities Act and as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by other applicable provisions
of the Securities Act.

(i)
Legend. Supplier acknowledges and understands that the certificates or book-entry statements evidencing the Shares will bear the
legend set forth below:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), OR UNDER
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES. THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED
OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM.
INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME.
THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER TO THE EFFECT THAT
ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OR RESALE IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

9.
Warranties and Representations of Distributor. Distributor represents warrants and covenants to Supplier as follows:

a. No
Product will be adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act after the Distributor receives
title of the Product.

b. No
Product shall be repackaged.

c. No
Product labeling or claims, other than those specified by the Supplier as approved labeling claims shall be utilized by the Distributor.
Product labeling constitutes any information provided to label, describe, and detail the Product whether it be verbally communicated,
written, electronic, printed, and/or video.

10.
Indemnification. Distributor shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Supplier against any and all liability, loss, damages, injuries,
costs, and expenses, including reasonable legal expenses, of whatever nature in connection with any claim which might be asserted against
Supplier resulting from breach of this Agreement by Distributor, or resulting from any representations and warranties regarding the Products
made to any End-Users by Distributor which Supplier has neither made to Distributor in writing nor authorized Distributor in writing
to make to any third party.

Supplier
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Distributor against:

(a)
any and all liability, loss, damages, injuries, costs, and expenses, including reasonable legal expenses, of whatever nature in connection
with any claim which might be asserted against Distributor resulting from breach of this Agreement by Supplier; and

(b)
any and all liability, loss, damages, injuries, costs, and expenses, including reasonable legal expenses, of whatever nature arising
out of any third-party claim for personal injury or death where a Product supplied under this Agreement, or the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of Supplier, is alleged to have caused or contributed to the injury or death to such third party, but only to the extent such
loss, damage, injury, cost, or expense is caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Supplier.

The
Parties agree that the indemnification provisions provided in this Section 10 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

11.
Support. Supplier agrees to provide reasonable consultation to Distributor in a timely fashion concerning technical aspects and use
of the Products as needed by Distributor. Additionally, Supplier agrees to provide promotional and marketing support to Distributor in
support of international sales, to include, but not be limited to, providing promotional videos and keynote speakers by physician and
executive influencers.

12.
Insurance. At all times during the term of the Agreement, each Party agrees to procure and maintain commercial general liability
insurance, including products and contractual liability coverage, in such amounts as is normal and customary in the Market for Parties
similarly situated. The Parties shall, upon written request, furnish a certificate of insurance evidencing the foregoing coverage and
limits, stating that the insurer shall give the other Party thirty (30) days prior written notice of any cancellation or non-renewal
in coverage. The obligations of this Section 12 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

13.
Disclaimer of Warranty. WITH EXCEPTION OF ANY MANUFACTURERS WARRANTY AND EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 8, ABOVE, THE
PARTIES DO NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTY FOR THE PRODUCTS OR ANY SERVICES DESCRIBED HEREIN, AND ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OF THE PARTIES ARE
PROVIDED AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, EITHER IN FACT OR BY OPERATION OF LAW, STATUTORY
OR OTHERWISE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT).

14.
Limitation of Liability. NEITHER PARTY NOR ITS AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR
OTHERWISE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS AND
LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, EVEN IF SUCH PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

15.
Waiver and Delay. No waiver by either Party of any breach or series of breaches or defaults in performance by the other Party, and
no failure, refusal, or neglect of either Party to exercise any right, power, or option given to it hereunder or to insist upon strict
compliance with or performance of either Partys obligations under this Agreement, shall constitute a waiver of the provisions
of this Agreement with respect to any subsequent breach thereof or a waiver by either Party of its right at any time thereafter to require
exact and strict compliance with the provisions thereof.

16.
Intellectual Property Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as giving the Distributor any license or right in trademarks,
patents, designs, copyrights, or other intellectual property belonging to the Supplier, except in connection with the distribution of
the Products.

17.
Non-Solicitation Provision: Customers and Business Affiliations. During the Term of this Agreement, and for a period of two (2) years
after termination of this Agreement, whether by lapse of time or otherwise, Supplier shall not solicit or call upon any End-Users or
potential End-Users of Distributor for the purpose of brokering, soliciting, selling, or responding to any Request for Proposal or Request
for Quote for any Products, other products, or services to that End-Users or prospective End- Users of Distributor within any and all
territories in which Distributor regularly markets, solicits, sells, and provides products and services, or within any and all territories
which Supplier has actual or constructive knowledge that Distributor intends to solicit, market, sell, or distribute its products and
services.

18.
Termination. Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately if the other Party has in any way materially
breached this Agreement and failed to cure such breach within ninety (90) days of written notice thereof or becomes insolvent, provided
that such Agreement must be terminated within thirty (30) days of such Partys failure to cure such breach or insolvency. In the
event of a material breach, in addition to the rights provided herein, each Party may take whatever additional actions as are available
to such Party at law or in equity, and in connection with such actions, recover any and all damages to such Party for the non-breaching
Partys violation or breach of this Agreement. Upon termination in accordance with this Agreement by Supplier, Distributor agrees
that Supplier will not be liable to Distributor for any compensation, damages, or other claims of any nature arising out of a termination,
including, without limitation, claims based on expenditures or investments made by Distributor or goodwill created by Distributor. If
for any reason this Agreement shall be terminated:

a. Any
Products delivered to the Distributor or to be delivered to the Distributors End-Users per the Distributors purchase
order and during the notice period may be utilized by the Distributor to meet its End-Users purchase orders; and

b. The
Distributor will return to the Supplier all promotional and confidential material provided by the Supplier to the Distributor relating
to the Products.

19.
Miscellaneous.

a. The
Parties shall perform all of their duties under this Agreement as independent contractors. Except as specifically set forth herein,
nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give either Party the power to direct or control the daily activities of the other
Party, or to constitute the Parties as principal and agent, employer and employee, franchiser and franchisee, partners, joint ventures,
co-owners, or otherwise as participants in a joint undertaking. The Parties understand and agree that, except as specifically provided
in this Agreement, neither Party grants the other Party the authority to make or give any agreement, statement, representation, warranty,
or other commitment on behalf of the other Party, or to enter into any contract or otherwise incur any liability or obligation, express
or implied, on behalf of the other Party, or to transfer, release, or waive any right, title, or interest of such other Party. The
employees of each Party shall not be considered employees of the other and shall not be eligible for any benefits given by the other
to its employees.

b. Distributor
agrees if the Agreement is ultimately determined to be one to which 1861(v)(1)(I) of the Social Security Act (the Act)
as amended applies, to provide access to books and records and perform such other obligations as may be specified for subcontractors
in that section of the Act or in any regulations promulgated thereunder.

c. Each
Party agrees that:

If
any Party is prevented from or interfered with in any material manner in fully performing its duties under this Agreement due to
law, act of God, labor controversy or any other similar or dissimilar cause beyond the reasonable control of the Party claiming inability
to perform (each a Force Majeure), then that Partys obligations will be suspended as often as any Force
Majeure event occurs and during the periods of time that those events exist. Any non- performance due to Force Majeure is not a breach
of this Agreement. In order to benefit from the provisions of this Section, the Party claiming Force Majeure must notify the other
reasonably promptly in writing of the Force Majeure condition. If any event of Force Majeure, in the reasonable judgment of the parties,
is of a severity or duration such that it materially reduces the value of this Agreement, then this Agreement may be terminated by
either party, without liability or further obligation of either Party (except for any obligation expressly intended to survive the
terms of this Agreement).

All
notices, statements, reports required or permitted by this Agreement must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been effectively
given and received: (i) five (5) business days after the date of mailing if sent by registered or certified U.S. Mail, postage prepaid,
return receipt requested; (ii) when transmitted if sent by facsimile, provided a confirmation of transmission is produced by the
sending machine and a copy of such facsimile is promptly sent by another means set forth in this section; (iii) when delivered, if
delivered personally or sent by express courier service or overnight delivery by a nationally recognized carrier to the other Party.
Such notices shall be sent to the address set forth below or such other address as either Party may subsequently request in writing:

Supplier: Propre
Energie, Inc

12
Four Oaks Gate

Toronto
Ontario

M4J
2X2 Canada

Distributor: Mangoceuticals,
Inc

Attn:
Jacob Cohen

11510
Dallas Parkway, Suite 600

Dallas,
TX 75230

Neither
Supplier nor Distributor may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the other Partys prior written consent which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If any provision of this Agreement is declared null, void, or otherwise unenforceable,
that provision will be deemed severed from this Agreement, and the remainder of this Agreement will remain enforceable. In the event
that performance under this Agreement is or becomes unlawful or has a significant probability of causing either Party to be in violation
of any state or federal law, as a result of any law, court decision or interpretation, rule or regulation, enacted, promulgated, decreed
or rendered by any federal or state court or administrative agency, the Parties shall in good faith restructure the Agreement by mutual
agreement to comply in all respects with the law, rule, regulation or interpretation or other directive, and the Parties shall thereafter
be bound by the changes in the Agreement. To the maximum extent possible, any such amendment shall preserve the underlying economic and
financial arrangements between the parties. If the Agreement cannot be modified in a manner to comply with the change of law, rule, regulation
or interpretation, then this Agreement shall terminate under the provisions above.

d. The
parties represent and warrant to each other that, except as provided herein, no third parties are entitled to any finders
fees, commissions, advisory fees, consulting fees, or other compensation in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated
hereby, or any third-party services provided to either of the parties in connection herewith with the exception of Spartan Crest
Capital Corp. (the Advisor), that Distributor has agreed to compensate in the amount of $16,000 (the Advisory
Fee), which, at the option of the Advisor, may be paid in cash or in restricted shares of common stock of Distributor
based on the NOCP of such shares as of the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in
any agreement with the Advisor, if Boustead Securities, LLC (Boustead), chooses to exercise any rights that it may
claim to have in respect of its purported right of first refusal in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Advisor
has agreed to forfeit the compensation otherwise due it in favor of an equivalent amount to be paid to Boustead by the Distributor.

20.
This Agreement, including the exhibits hereto, represents the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to this subject matter
and supersedes any previous or contemporaneous oral or written agreements regarding this subject matter; excludes any subsequent inconsistent
or different terms and conditions asserted in any purchase order, form or other writing submitted by Distributor, for its convenience
or otherwise; and may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by a duly authorized agent of each Party.

21.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute
together one and the same document.

22.
All press releases, publicity, marketing or sales materials, or other materials developed by or on behalf of either Party that refer
to this Agreement or use the name or trademark of the other Party shall be subject to prior review and approval by such other Party except
that either Party shall have the right, subject to Section 7, to make accurate factual reference to the existence of a relationship with
the other Party without specific authorization from the other Party and Distributor shall be authorized to disclose this Agreement and
terms herein in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

23.
Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, will give to any person, other than the Parties and their permitted successors and/or
assigns under this Agreement, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement.

24.
Governing Law, Arbitration. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Tennessee, USA. Parties agree that all disputes
arising out of or concerning the terms of this Agreement will be subject solely to binding arbitration. The arbitrator selection and
conduct of the arbitration will be pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The place of
the arbitration shall be in Williamson County, Tennessee and judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
If either Party believes it is necessary to undertake discovery on asserted statutory claims, such Party shall apply to the arbitrator(s)
for rights to undertake discovery and the arbitrator shall allow discovery sufficient for either Party to adequately arbitrate, vindicate
or defend the statutory claims, including access to essential documents and witnesses. At the conclusion of the arbitration, the arbitrator(s)
shall issue a decision in writing setting forth the essential findings and conclusions, and this decision is subject to review, confirmation,
correction or vacation. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party all reasonable costs incurred
including staff time, court costs, attorneys fees, and all other related expenses incurred in such arbitration.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have, by their duly authorized officers, executed this Agreement effective as of the date first written
above.

PROPRE
ENERGIE, INC. 

By: /s/
Peter Polimeneas 

Name: Peter
Polimeneas 

Title:
Director 

MANGOCEUTICALS,
INC. 

By: /s/
Jacob Cohen 

Name: Jacob
Cohen 

Title: CEO 

EXHIBIT
A LIST OF PRODUCTS

All
current Dermytol related products are still in the research and development phase. Upon completion of research and development,
efficacy tasting, packaging and commercialization, Supplier will provide Distributor with full product names, descriptions, SKUs and
Manufacturers Suggested Retail Pricing for each Product.

All
pricing to be determined on a Purchase Order basis and will be subject to availability and volume requirements.

All
pricing will be inclusive of final product, packaging and fulfillment. Shipping, freight and/or duty expenses will be invoiced by
the Supplier separately.

Distributor
responsible for obtaining all necessary licenses and approvals for importing and Supplier to assist by providing all necessary and
required documentation.

Supplier
will work with Distributor to create additional products not listed above based on special request.

EXHIBIT
B

DESCRIPTION OF PATENT

The
patent EP4223279A1, titled Methods of Skin Whitening by Use of Canola Extracts, (the Patent)
which discloses the compositions and methods for lightening skin using canola extracts rich in phenolic acids.

Key
aspects of the patent include:

Skin
Lightening Composition: The invention provides a topical composition comprising a skin lightening agent derived from canola extract
and a cosmetically acceptable carrier. The canola extract is characterized by high levels of phenolic acids, which are effective
in reducing skin pigmentation.

Treatment
of Hyperpigmentation: The patent outlines methods for treating hyperpigmentation by identifying areas of the skin with excessive
pigmentation and applying the canola extract-based composition to those areas. This approach aims to address conditions such as freckles,
melasma, chloasma, post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation, and liver spots.

Advantages
Over Existing Agents: Traditional skin lightening agents like hydroquinone and kojic acid have been associated with cytotoxic
effects, skin irritation, and instability in formulations. The canola extract-based compositions proposed in this patent offer a
potentially safer and more stable alternative for skin whitening applications.

Overall,
this Patent introduces a novel use of canola extracts in cosmetic formulations aimed at achieving skin whitening and treating hyperpigmentation,
highlighting the benefits of phenolic acid-rich canola extracts over conventional agents.

EXHIBIT
C

MARKET & TERRITORIES

During
the Term, Distributor shall be authorized to exclusively market, sell and distribute the Products to the following markets:

1.
North America, in its entirety

2.
South America, in its entirety
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex10-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>mgrx-20250127.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>mgrx-20250127_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>mgrx-20250127_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41615

Entity Registrant Name MANGOCEUTICALS,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001938046

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3841292

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code TX

Entity Address, Address Line One 15110
N. Dallas Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 600

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75248

City Area Code (214)

Local Phone Number 242-9619

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.0001 Par Value Per Share

Trading Symbol MGRX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mangoceuticals.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
mgrx-20250127.xsd 
mgrx-20250127_lab.xml 
mgrx-20250127_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004501-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001938046 

2025-01-27 
2025-01-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001938046 
8-K 
2025-01-27 
MANGOCEUTICALS, INC. 
TX 
001-41615 
87-3841292 
15110 N. Dallas Parkway 
Suite 600 
Dallas 
TX 
75248 
(214) 
242-9619 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 Par Value Per Share 
MGRX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>