<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-001253.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-001253.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227160514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-001253
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001130166
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				911766850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50626
		FILM NUMBER:		25678646

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-517-7330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XCYTE THERAPIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001218
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cyclacel_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000113016600011301662025-02-262025-02-260001130166cycc:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-02-262025-02-260001130166cycc:PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember2025-02-262025-02-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February 26, 2025

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported)

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 0-50626 91-1707622

(State or other
jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

200 Connell Drive,Suite 1500

Berkeley Heights, NJ07922

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

(908) 517-7330

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share CYCC The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value CYCCP The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into a settlement agreement with Dr. Samuel L. Barker,
a resigning director as described below in Item 5.02 and is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item
3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

On
February 25, 2025, the Nasdaq Stock Market notified the Company that it has regained compliance with the equity requirement in Listing
Rule 5550(b)(1) (the Equity Rule), as required by the Nasdaq Hearing Panels decision dated October 22, 2024. As
previously reported by the Company on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on October
24, 2024, on October 15, 2024, the Company met with the Nasdaq Hearings Panel regarding the Companys potential delisting from
The Nasdaq Stock Market as a result of its non-compliance with the Equity Rule. On October 22, 2024, the Company received the Nasdaq
Hearings Panel decision which granted the Company until December 24, 2024 to regain compliance with the Equity Rule. Following the Companys
regaining compliance with the Equity Rule, in application of Listing Rule 5815(d)(4)(B), the Company will be subject to a Mandatory Panel
Monitor for a period of one year from February 25, 2025.

Item
3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The
information and disclosure in Item 5.01 below regarding the voting rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

Item 5.01
Changes in Control of Registrant.

Series
C and Series D Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement

On
February 11, 2025, David E. Lazar (the Seller), the interim Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of the Company, entered
into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with an investor, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee (the Investor)
pursuant to which the Investor agreed to purchase 1,000,000 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, $0.0001 par
value per share (the Series C) and such number of the 2,100,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company,
$0.0001 par value per share (the Series D) currently held by Seller so that Purchaser shall hold seventy percent (70%)
of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company, which resulted in the issuance of 1,745,262 shares of Series D (collectively, the
Series C and Series D are the Securities). The transaction contemplated by the Purchase Agreement closed on February 26,
2025 (the Closing Date). Additionally, the Investor purchased and succeeded to all of the Sellers rights and interests
under that certain securities purchase agreement between the Seller and the Company dated January 2, 2025.

In
consideration for the sale of the Securities, the Investor delivered $6,300,000 (the Purchase Price) less the holdback
amount of $100,000 (the Holdback Amount) to the escrow agent. The Purchase Price included a cash brokerage fee in the amount
of $800,000 (the Broker Fee) paid to Lighthouse Advisory Limited (Broker). The Holdback Amount will be held
back by the Investor for 120 days from the Closing Date to satisfy any indemnity and other agreed upon claims and expenses.

The
Securities are convertible into shares of the common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) of the Company
at the election of the Investor as follows: (i) the 1,000,000 shares of the Series C are convertible into 2,650,000 shares of Common
Stock, and (ii) 1,745,262 of the Series D are convertible into 191,978,820 shares of Common Stock currently held by Seller so that the
Investor shall hold 194,628,820 shares of Common Stock equivalent to approximately seventy percent (70%) of the issued and outstanding
shares of the Company, on an as-converted basis.

1

As
previously reported by the Company on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2025, at a special meeting of stockholders held on
February 6, 2025 (the Special Meeting), the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment (the Series C Amendment)
to the Companys certificate of designation designating the rights, preferences and limitations of the Companys Series C
(the Series C Certificate of Designation). As described in the Companys proxy statement for the Special Meeting,
the Series C Certificate of Designation provided that the Series C could not be converted or voted in a manner that would result in the
holder or his or her transferees or their affiliates holding or voting more than the lower of (i) the maximum percentage of the number
of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock that could be issued to the holder without requiring a vote of the stockholders of the Company
under the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market and (ii) 5% of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately
before the original issue date (the Series C Ownership Limitation), prior to the date that the Companys stockholders
approved the issuance of shares of common stock to the holder thereof. The Series C Amendment removed such Series C Ownership Limitation
so that the shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock may be converted and voted without regard to such Series C Ownership Limitation.

Following
the approval of the Series C Amendment at the Special Meeting, the Company filed the Series C Amendment with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware on February 10, 2025. Except for the removal of the Series C Ownership Limitation, the Series C Amendment did not
make any other changes to the Series C Certificate of Designation.

Additionally,
also as previously reported by the Company on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2025, on February 6, 2025, the Companys
board of directors (the Board) and David Lazar approved an amendment to the Companys Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series D Amendment) to the Companys certificate of designation designating the rights, preferences and
limitations of the Companys Series D (the Series D Certificate of Designation and together with the Series C Certificate
of Designation, the Certificates of Designation) prior to the issuance of any shares of Series D. The Series D Certificate
of Designation provided that the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock could not be converted or voted in a manner that would result in
the holder or his or her transferees or their affiliates holding or voting more than the lower of (i) the maximum percentage of the number
of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock that could be issued to the holder thereof without requiring a vote of the stockholders of
the Company under the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market and (ii) 49.99% of the number of shares of the common stock outstanding
immediately before the original issue date (the Series D Ownership Limitation), prior to the date that the Companys
stockholders approve the issuance of shares of common stock to the holder thereof.

The
Series D Amendment removes such Series D Ownership Limitation so that the shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock may be converted
and voted without regard to such Series D Ownership Limitation. Following the Series D Amendment, the Company issued 2,100,000 shares
of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock to David Lazar pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2025, by
and between the Company and David Lazar, which was previously filed with a current report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC
on January 6, 2025.

The
Company filed the Series D Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 6, 2025. Except for the removal
of the Series D Ownership Limitation and related definitions, the Series D Amendment did not make any other changes to the Series D Certificate
of Designation.

Exercise
of Conversion Right

On
the Closing Date, the Seller issued written notice to the Company to exercise the conversion rights related to the Series C and Series
D shares into Common Stock of the Company registered in the Investors name, as follows: (i) the conversion of 1,000,000 shares
of Series C into 2,650,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company; and (ii) the conversion of 1,745,262 shares of Series D into 191,978,820
shares of Common Stock of the Company.

The
Securities were sold in a transaction exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Section
4(a)(2)). The Investor in the Securities is an individual that is not an existing investor in the Company. The foregoing description
of terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of
the Purchase Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1.

2

Assignment
and Assumption Agreement 

In
connection with the consummation of the Purchase Agreement, the Seller and the Investor entered into an assignment and assumption agreement
(the Assignment and Assumption Agreement) as of February 26, 2025, pursuant to which Seller assigned to the Investor and
the Investor agreed to assume from Seller (as the assignor), that certain securities purchase agreement
(the Lazar SPA) between the Company and the Seller dated February 4, 2025. As previously reported on Form 8-K filed with
the SEC on February 6, 2025, the Lazar SPA pertains to the issuance and sale
in a private placement of up to $8,000,000 (the Lazar Purchase Price) of shares of the Common Stock of the Company. Under
the Lazar SPA, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Seller (as purchaser under the Lazar SPA), until
September 30, 2026, to purchase up to the Lazar Purchase Price of Shares at a purchase price equal to the greater of (i) the consolidated
closing bid price immediately prior to the entry of this Agreement and (ii) the consolidated closing bid price on the business day immediately
preceding the applicable purchase date, in either $1,000,000 or $2,000,000 increments unless otherwise.

As
previously reported on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2025, the Seller and the Company entered into an amendment to the
Lazar SPA (the Amendment) to amend the applicable purchase price to be the greater of (i) the consolidated closing bid
price immediately prior to the entry into the Lazar SPA and (ii) the consolidated closing bid price on the Trading Day (as defined in
the Lazar SPA) immediately preceding the applicable Purchase Date (as defined in the Lazar SPA) if such purchase occurs on a Trading
Day prior to close of market or the consolidated closing bid on the Trading Day of Purchase Date if it occurs following close of the
market on a Trading Day until the market opens on the next Trading Day. The Amendment also added a contractual six (6) month lock-up
for any Shares issued in all of the private placement offerings described in the Lazar SPA.

The
foregoing description of terms and conditions of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by the full text of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2.

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

Departure
of Chief Executive Officer

On
February 26, 2025, David Lazar, the Companys interim Chief Executive Officer, interim principal financial officer, interim principal
accounting officer, and Secretary, provided notice of his resignation as Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of the Company effective
February 26, 2025. Mr. Lazar will continue his role as co-principal financial officer and co-principal accounting officer to assist
with the transition of the Companys new Chief Financial Officer, as discussed below. Mr Lazars resignation was not the
result of any disagreement between Mr. Lazar and the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices.
In connection with Mr. Lazars departure, he will not be eligible to receive any severance benefits or any performance based bonus
compensation for the 2025 partial year.

Appointment
of Chief Executive Officer and Director

Effective
as of February 26, 2025, the Board appointed Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee, as Chief Executive Officer and, in such role, she will serve
as the Companys principal executive officer. Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee was also elected to the Board of the Company as of the effective date.

Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee, aged 43, brings more than 20 years of management experience to her role as Chief Executive Officer of the Company across various
industries ranging from oil and gas, property development, solar, engineering, advertising, food and beverage, raw materials and more.
She specializes in business development, strategic consultancy and corporate advisory in mergers and acquisition and joint venture across
Malaysia, Singapore, China, Japan, Thailand and Indonesia. Since October 2020, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee has been serving as an Executive Director of
Metronic Global Bhd, an investment holding company, where she has been optimizing financial operations, establishing business goals,
advising the board of directors on organizational activities and executing special business projects. She has also been involved in various
investment opportunities in business diversification, generating new revenue and increasing shareholders wealth.

3

Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing
Ee has also been serving as the Executive Director of BSL Corporation Berhad (KLSE: BSLCORP) since May 2024, a public listed company
with its business segments constituting stamping and manufacturing of precision metal parts and fabrication of tools and dies, printed
circuit boards (PCB) assembly of all types of electronics and electrical components, devices and systems, fabrication and forging of
base metal components for consumer products.

Datuk
Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee served as an independent director and member of the audit committee and the compensation committee of Energem
Corp since from its initial public offering on November 16, 2021 until her appointment as Executive Director on January 27, 2023.
Following Energem Corps completion of a series of transactions that resulted in its business combination with Graphjet
Technology Sdn. Bhd. (Nasdaq: GTI), a Malaysian private limited company (Graphjet) on March 14, 2024, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee
served as a director of Graphjet until January 6, 2025.

Since February 2017, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing
Ee has been a non-independent non-executive director at Trive Property Group Bhd (0118.KL). Previously, from January 2019 to September
2020, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee served as Chief Corporate Officer in Metronic Engineering Sdn. Bhd. (0043.KL) where she oversaw HR
operations, set objectives for the HR team and helped shape the brand strategy of the company. Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee served as
General Manager from 2015 to 2016 in Dai-Ichi Kikaku Sdn. Bhd. where she was overseeing and handling business development, client strategy
and direction, creative, production, media planning, procurement and research. From 2012 to 2015, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee served
as Strategic Business Consultant for JLPW Law Firm where she handled mergers and acquisitions and joint venture deals internationally
for various industries and from 2002 to 2012, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee started her career as a Managing Director at Niagamatic Sdn.
Bhd., where she controlled all business operations to give strategic guidance and directions to the board and staff to ensure the company
achieved its financial vison, mission and long-term goals.

In connection with her appointment, Datuk Dr.
Doris Wong Sing Ee may be entitled to compensation which has not yet been determined by the Company. There are no arrangements or understandings
with any other person pursuant to which Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee was appointed as the Companys Chief Executive Officer and
there are no family relationships between Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee and any Company director or executive officer, and no arrangements
or understandings between Mr. Wong and any other person pursuant to which she was selected as an officer. Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing
Ee is not a party to any current or proposed transaction with the Company for which disclosure is required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Appointment
of Chief Financial Officer

Effective
as of February 26, 2025, the Board appointed Kiu Cu Seng, as Chief Financial Officer and, in such role, he will serve as the Companys
co-principal financial officer and co-principal accounting officer along with David Lazar until the effective date of his resignation
on the earlier of the filing date of the Companys annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 or March
31, 2025, as discussed above. The Companys Board also appointed Mr. Kiu as Executive Director and Secretary.

Mr.
Kiu (aged 36) brings significant accounting and audit experience involving publicly listed companies during his years working with
accounting standards. Mr. Kiu served as Energem Corps Chief Financial Officer from August 12, 2021 through its completion of a
series of transactions that resulted in its business combination with Graphjet on March 14, 2024. Since March 2021, Mr. Kiu has served
as Group Accountant for BCM Alliance Bhd, Sanichi Technology Bhd. and Trive Property Group Bhd. His responsibility is on group consolidation
issues. From June 2019 to February 2021, Mr. Kiu served as Manager in SBY & Partners PLT (formerly known as Siew Boon Yeong &
Associates) an established professional accounting organization providing a comprehensive range of services ranging from audit and assurance,
taxation and accounting where he specialized in auditing matters.

From
June 2017 to February 2019, Mr. Kiu served as a Senior Auditor with Siew Boon Yeong & Associates. Prior to that, from December 2016
to June 2017, Mr. Kiu served as a semi-senior auditor at the corporate compliance firm, Z. AMIN and he started his career in 2013 until
December 2016 with YTS & Associate. Mr. Kiu graduated from Infrastructure University Kuala Lumpur in the year 2013 with bachelors
degree (with Honors) in Accounting and from Kuala Lumpur Infrastructure University College with a Diploma in Accounting in 2009.

In
connection with his appointment, Mr. Kiu may be entitled to compensation which has not yet been determined by the Company. There are
no arrangements or understandings with any other person pursuant to which Mr. Kiu was appointed as the Companys Chief Financial
Officer There are no family relationships between Mr. Kiu and any director, executive officer or person nominated or chosen by the Company
to become a director or executive officer. Additionally, there have been no transactions involving Mr. Kiu that would require disclosure
under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

4

Resignation
of Certain Directors

Coinciding
with the Closing Date of February 26, 2025, the following directors of the Company tendered their resignation or notice of resignation
from the Board: (i) Dr. Samuel L. Barker resigned as an independent director effectively immediately; (ii) Avraham Ben-Tzvi provided
notice that his resignation as an independent director will be effective upon the earlier of the filing date of the Companys annual
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 or March 31, 2025; (iii) Paul McBarron resigned as a non-independent
director effective immediately; (iv) David Natan provided notice that his resignation as an independent director will be effective upon
the earlier of the filing date of the Companys annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 or March
31, 2025; and (iv) Spiro Rombotis resigned as a non-independent director effective immediately.

Appointment
of Certain Directors

In
connection with the resignation of Messers. Barker, McBarron and Rombotis, effective as of February 26, 2025, the Board appointed Chong
Kwang Fock to act as an Independent Director, as well as the Board appointments of Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee and Kiu Cu Seng, as noted
above.

Kwang Fock Chong is a Chartered Accountant
in Malaysia, and brings nearly 20 years of the working experience to the Company. He served as an Independent Director, Chair of the Audit
Committee and member of the Compensation Committee of Energem Corp since its initial public offering on November 16, 2021 until its business
combination with Graphjet on March 14, 2024. His experience includes auditing of public listed companies, multinationals and private limited
companies in various industries. Other than conducting statutory audit in Malaysia, he also performed audit for companies based in China
and the AIPAC region. He was also involved in Reporting Accountants engagement on initial public offering exercise, due diligence,
reviewing financial forecast and projections.

Mr. Chong serves as Auditors and Partner of KHLC PLT where his main
responsibility is reviewer and signing partner since October 2020. From July 2014 to September 2020, Mr. Chong served as Auditor and
Partner of SBY Partners PLT that provides audit and assurance services. His main responsibility was reviewer and signing partner. Mr.
Chong received his Diploma in 2002 from Tunku Abdul Rahman College in Financial Accounting. He achieved his Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants certification in 2005.

Settlement
Agreement with Director

On February 26, 2025, the Company entered into
settlement agreements with Dr. Barker. Pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement, Dr. Barker resigned his position as a member
of the Board of Directors, and any positions held on committees of the Board of Directors. In addition, Dr. Barker will receive his accrued
Board fees in full consideration of the release of claims against the Company and other promises and covenants set forth in the settlement
agreement.

Pursuant
to the terms of the settlement agreement, the Company will provide continuing indemnification to Dr. Barker in a manner consistent with
that which was in place as of the effective date of the settlement agreement, and will cause to be maintained in effect the Companys
existing director and officer liability insurance pursuant to the Companys tail insurance coverage and will not modify its governing
documents to modify Dr. Barkers rights under such policy, as further set forth in the settlement agreement. The settlement agreement
contains a mutual non-disparagement clause.

The
foregoing description of terms and conditions of the settlement agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by the full text of the settlement agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3.

5

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 11, 2025 by and between David Elliot Lazar and Doris Wong Sing Ee

10.2 Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated February 26, 2025 by and between David Elliot Lazar and Doris Wong Sing Ee

10.3 Settlement and Release Agreement dated February 26, 2025 by and between Dr. Samuel Barker and the Company

99.1 Press Release issued February 27, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

6

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 27, 2025 Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: /s/
Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee

Name: Datuk
Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into as of this 11th day of February 2025 by and between David Elliot Lazar, whose address is 44, Tower 100 The Towers, Winston Churchill, San Francisco, Paitilla, Panama City, Panama 07196 (Seller), and Datuk Doris Wong, an individual residing in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (Purchaser). Seller and Purchaser may be referred to herein as the Parties and each of them separately as a Party.

WHEREAS, Seller, the interim Chief Executive Officer of Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer and, together with its subsidiaries, the Group), is the holder of 1,000,000 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Series C) of the Issuer and 2,100,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D), $0.0001 par value per share; and

WHEREAS, the Purchaser proposes to purchase, and the Seller proposes to sell all of his interest and rights in (i) 1,000,000 shares of the Series C (convertible into 2,650,000 shares of common stock of the Issuer), and (ii) 1,745,262 of the Series D (convertible into 191,978,820 shares of common stock of the Issuer) currently held by Seller so that Purchaser shall hold 194,628,820 shares of common stock of the Issuer equivalent to approximately seventy percent (70%) of the issued and outstanding shares of the (together, the Securities) Issuer, on an as-converted basis, as well as all of the Sellers applicable protections in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of January 2, 2025, between Seller and Issuer, pursuant to which, inter alia, the Seller had acquired the Securities (the Series C&D SPA; and together with the Securities, the Sold Assets), all pursuant to this Agreement; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and the mutual agreements contained in this Agreement, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Agreement to Purchase and Sell. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon execution hereof, Seller shall sell, assign, transfer, convey, and deliver to Purchaser, the Securities and any and all rights in the Sold Assets to which Seller is entitled, and by doing so, Seller shall be deemed to have assigned all of his rights, title and interest in and to the Sold Assets to Purchaser, assuming the entire Purchase Price is paid in accordance with this Agreement. Such sale of the Securities shall be evidenced by book entry statements thereof or stock certificates, duly endorsed in blank or accompanied by stock powers duly executed in blank or other instruments of transfer in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer and Purchaser, and a duly executed assignment of the Series C&D SPA in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (together, the Closing Transfer Documents).

2. Consideration.

(a) In consideration for the sale of the Sold Assets, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Escrow Agent (as defined in the Escrow Agreement), Six Million Three Hundred Thousand Dollars (USD $6,300,000) (the Purchase Price) less the Holdback (as defined below), which includes a cash brokerage fee in the amount of Eight Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (USD $800,000) (the Broker Fee) to be paid to Lighthouse Advisory Limited (Broker), pursuant to the Escrow Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Escrow Agreement). The Purchase Price (less the Holdback) shall be disbursed/released upon the Closing (as defined below). For avoidance of doubt it is hereby clarified and agreed by the parties hereto that failure by the Purchaser to provide the Seller with confirmation of the transmission of the Escrow Amount to the Escrow Agent by the Escrow Amount Deposit Deadline (as defined in the Escrow Agreement) shall render this agreement null and void ab initio.

(b) $100,000 of the Purchase Price, including any interest accrued thereon (altogether, the Holdback Amount), shall be held back by the Purchaser at the Closing pursuant to Section 3 and the Parties right receive the amounts so held back shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

3. Closing; Deliverables.

(a) The Closing shall be held upon satisfaction of the following closing conditions: (the Closing) (i) receipt by the Escrow Agent of the Closing Transfer Documents, or other instruments of transfer in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser, including Exhibit A for the appointment of three (3) designees of the Purchaser, and (ii) completion of the deliverables set forth in Section 3(b).

(b) At the Closing, the Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser (i) evidence of the Purchasers ownership of the Series C and Series D, including the (A) documentation pursuant to which the Seller received the Series C and Series D, (B) any documentary evidence of the due recordation in the Issuers share register of the Purchasers full and unrestricted title to such Series C and Series D, (C) this Agreement duly executed by the Seller, and (D) evidence of the appointment of the Purchasers three (3) designees as directors of the Issuer and the resignation of three (3) current Directors of the Issuer, subject to payment of all accrued and unpaid Director fees and bonuses, (ii) removal of any beneficial ownership limitation provisions in the certificate of designations, preferences, rights and limitations of the Series D, (iii) evidence satisfactory to the Purchaser of the filing and acceptance by the Delaware Secretary of State of the amended and restated certificate of designations, preferences, rights and limitations of the Series D removing any beneficial ownership limitation provisions therein, (iv) evidence satisfactory to the Purchaser that the Issuer has delivered to the transfer agent of the Issuer the applicable documentation in order to process the full conversion of the Series C and Series D in the name of the Purchaser, (v) evidence satisfactory to the Purchaser that all approvals and notifications have been obtained or sent, including without limitation, applicable stockholder and Nasdaq approvals and notifications, (vi) correspondence from Nasdaq that the Issuer has satisfied the equity requirement under Nasdaq listing rule 5550(b)(1) related to stockholder equity non-compliance of the Issuer, (vii) bank statements and other documents deemed reasonable by the Purchaser showing the cash balance and financial position of the Issuer, including any liabilities, as set forth in the flow of funds in Schedule 5.11, (viii) evidence satisfactory to the Purchaser that the bank signatories of all banking accounts of the Issuer has been changed to the Purchaser or the Purchasers designated representatives, (ix) evidence satisfactory to the Purchaser that the Judgment Sum in the New Jersey Judgment No.: DJ 216892 18 has been paid and satisfied in full, (x) evidence satisfactory to the Purchaser that there shall be no obligation upon the Issuer for salaries, commissions or fees payable to employees, consultants, agents or other professionals except as set forth in the flow of funds in Schedule 5.11, (xi) evidence satisfactory to the Purchaser that the Issuer has not committed to sell or sold any securities under the securities purchase agreement dated as of February 4, 2025 between the Issuer and the Seller (the Lazar Securities Purchase Agreement), and/or the securities purchase agreement dated as of February 5, 2025 between the Issuer and Helena Special Opportunities 1 Ltd., (xii) a continuing directors and officers insurance policy covering the new directors and officers of the Issuer after the Closing, and (xiii) such other documents as may be required under applicable law or reasonably requested by the Purchaser (the Seller Closing Deliverables).

(c) At the Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver to Seller (i) this Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser, (ii) evidence of the acceptance of the appointment of Purchasers three (3) designees as directors of the Issuer, and (iii) evidence on the assignment by Seller of the Lazar Securities Purchase Agreement to the Purchaser or an agreement by the Purchaser in writing, whereby the Purchaser agrees to be bound to the Issuer by the provisions of the Lazar Securities Purchase Agreement in lieu of the Seller (the Purchaser Closing Deliverables).

(d) The term of the Holdback Amount shall be 120 days from the Closing Date (the Holdback Term). All Losses suffered by the Issuer and/or the Purchaser related to the failure to obtain any Required Approvals shall be first made or set-off against the Holdback Amount. Upon the later of the obtaining any Required Approvals requested by Nasdaq or the end of the Holdback Term, the Holdback Amount less any Losses suffered, if any, shall be paid to the Seller.

4. Representations and Warranties of Seller. As an inducement to Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated herein, Seller represents and warrants to Purchaser, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, as follows:

4.1 Authority. Seller has the right, power, authority, and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, and perform his obligations under this Agreement. Subject to execution and delivery by Purchaser, this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with the terms hereof.

2

4.2 Ownership.

(a) Seller is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Sold Assets, has good and marketable title to the Sold Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances (hereafter defined), other than applicable restrictions under applicable securities laws, and has or will have full legal right and power to sell, transfer and deliver the Sold Assets to Purchaser in accordance with this Agreement.

(b) Encumbrances means any liens, pledges, hypothecations, charges, adverse claims, options, preferential arrangements or restrictions of any kind, including, without limitation, any restriction of the use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or other exercise of any attributes of ownership. Upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Purchaser will receive good and marketable title to the Sold Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances, other than restrictions imposed pursuant to any applicable securities laws and regulations, and have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws. The shares of common stock of the Issuer underlying the Securities will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, free and clear of any Encumbrances.

4.3 Valid Issuance. The Sold Assets are duly authorized, duly designated (as applicable), validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and were not and will not be issued in violation of any preemptive or similar rights.

4.4 No Conflict. None of the execution, delivery, or performance of this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, conflicts or will conflict with, or (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) result in a termination, breach or violation of (i) any instrument, contract or agreement to which the Seller is a party or by which any of his assets is bound, or to which the Sold Assets are subject; or (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign law, ordinance, judgment, decree, order, statute, or regulation, or that of any other governmental body or authority, applicable to the Seller or the Sold Assets.

4.5 No Consent. Except as required by applicable securities laws, no consent, approval, authorization or order of, or any filing or declaration with any governmental authority or any other person is required for the consummation by the Seller of any of the transactions on its part contemplated under this Agreement. As of the Closing, the Issuer has obtained all the Required Approvals.

4.6 No Other Interest. Neither the Seller nor any of his affiliates has any interest, direct or indirect, in any shares of capital stock or other equity in the Issuer, other than the Securities.

4.7 Capitalization. The authorized capital of the Issuer (the Authorized Stock), as of execution of this Agreement, consists of 250,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001, of which a total of (i) 11,256,133 shares are issued and outstanding, (ii) 1,269,485 shares are pending issuance to Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd., (iii) 181,951 shares are pending issuance to Helena Special Opportunities 1 Ltd., and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001, of which a total of (A) 135,273 6% Convertible Exchangeable shares are outstanding, convertible into 3 shares of common stock, (B) 264 Series A convertible preferred stock shares are outstanding, convertible into 440 shares of common stock, (C) 1,000,000 shares of the Series C, and (D) 2,100,000 shares of the Series D. Schedule 4.7 sets forth the fully diluted capitalization of the Issuer. Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.7, no person, firm or corporation has any right, agreement, warrant or option, present or future, contingent or absolute, or any right capable of becoming a right, agreement or option to require the Issuer to issue any shares in its capital or to convert any securities of the Issuer or of any other company into shares in the capital of the Issuer. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Issuer that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Seller or the Issuer is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Issuer. Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the board of directors of the Issuer or other person is required for the issuance and sale of the Sold Assets.

4.8 Filings. The Issuer has filed all reports and other materials (the Reports) required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. Where a Report has been untimely filed, neither the Seller nor the Issuer has received any indication that the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental or regulatory authority intends to take the position that the Issuer is in breach of the Exchange Act despite such filing. In the event the Seller and/or the Issuer receive any notification from the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental or regulatory authority on any intention to claim the Issuer is in breach of the Exchange Act for any late filings, the Seller and/or Issuer shall forthwith notify the Purchaser of the same.

3

4.9 Reports. As of their respective dates, the Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act) and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. To the Sellers knowledge, the Issuer is not an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act.

4.10 Nasdaq. The Issuers common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq). Other than (i) the notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Issuer was not in compliance with the minimum stockholders equity requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq and was therefore not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) requiring companies listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market to maintain stockholders equity of at least $2,500,000 or to meet the alternatives of market value of listed securities or net income from continuing operations, as reported by the Issuer on a Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 24, 2024 and (ii) the notice from Nasdaq notifying the Issuer that, based upon the closing bid price of the Issuers Common Stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Common Stock did not meet the minimum bid price of $1.00 per share required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), initiating an automatic 180 calendar-day grace period for the Issuer to regain compliance, as reported by the Issuer on a Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 12, 2024, the Issuer is currently in compliance with all other Nasdaq Listing Rules.

4.11 Anti-Dilution Rights. Other than as disclosed on Schedule 4.7 and Schedule 4.11, the Issuer is not a party to or bound by any agreement or understanding granting anti-dilution rights to any person with respect to any of its equity or debt securities; no person has a right to purchase or acquire or receive any equity or debt security of the Issuer.

4.12 Further Assistance. The Seller agrees to execute and deliver such other documents and to perform such other acts as shall be necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.

4.13 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, judgments, claims or investigations pending or threatened in writing by or against the Issuer or affecting the Issuer or its properties, at law or in equity, before any court or other governmental agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or before any arbitrator of any kind. To the knowledge of the Seller after due and careful inquiry, there is no default on the part of the Issuer with respect to any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, award, rule or regulation of any court, arbitrator, or governmental agency or instrumentality or any circumstance which would result in the discovery of such default. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Seller, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Securities Exchange Commission involving the Issuer or any current or former director or executive officer of the Issuer. In the event the Seller and/or the Issuer receive any notification and/or letters threatening to commence any actions, suits, proceedings, judgments, claims or investigations against the Issuer or affecting the Issuer or its properties, the Seller shall no later than two (2) business days, notify the Purchaser of the potential actions pending and/or threatened against the Issuer.

4.14 Liabilities. Other than as disclosed in the Reports, there are no trade payables, accrued expenses, liabilities, taxes, obligations or commitments which the Issuer would be required to accrue or reflect in its financial statements pursuant to GAAP.

4.15 Tax Returns. The Issuer has filed all state, federal or local income and/or franchise tax returns required to be filed by it from inception to the date hereof. Each such income tax return reflects the taxes due for the period covered thereby, except for amounts which, in the aggregate, are immaterial. In addition, to the knowledge of the Seller after due and careful inquiry, all such tax returns are correct and complete in all material respects. All taxes of the Issuer which are (i) shown as due on such tax returns, (ii) otherwise due and payable or (iii) claimed or asserted by any taxing authority to be due, have been paid. There are no liens for any taxes upon the assets of the Issuer, other than statutory liens for taxes not yet due and payable. To the knowledge of the Seller after due and careful inquiry, there are no proposed or threatened tax claims or assessments.

4

4.16 Books and Records. The books and records, financial and otherwise, of the Issuer are in all material aspects complete and correct and have been maintained in accordance with good business and accounting practices.

4.17 Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Issuer included in the Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Securities Exchange Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. There are no off-balance sheet arrangements to which the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries is a party.

4.18 Undisclosed Liabilities. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no liabilities or obligations of any kind, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, inchoate or otherwise (collectively, Liabilities) of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, individually or in the aggregate, that are required to be recorded or reflected on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, other than Liabilities reflected or reserved against in the financial statements (or the notes thereto) included in the Issuers Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.18, if provided, there are no Liabilities of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries individually in excess of $10,000 or that in aggregate exceed $25,000 that will remain following the Issuers settlement of outstanding Liabilities as of the Closing.

4.19 Absence of Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of the Issuers latest audited financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act on Form 10-Q, there has been no effect which, individually or in the aggregate with any one or more other effects, would reasonably be expected to result in (i) a material adverse effect on the business, assets, liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of the Group, or (ii) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement.

4.20 Full Disclosure. To the knowledge of the Seller after due and careful inquiry, no representation or warranty of the Seller to Purchaser in this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements herein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. There is no fact known to the Seller that has specific application to the Sold Assets or the Issuer that materially adversely affects or, as far as can be reasonably foreseen, materially threatens the Sold Assets or the Issuer that has not been set forth in this Agreement.

4.21 Affiliate Status. The Seller is an affiliate, as defined in Rule 144(a), promulgated under Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933.

4.22 Employees, Directors and Officers. The Issuer and the Seller have not entered into any employment or independent contractor agreements with any individuals or entities, or any option agreements or warrants, grants or promises for the issuance of the Authorized Stock, except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 4.22 and included under the Employee & Director equity awards line in Schedule 4.7.

4.23 Required Approvals. On or before the Closing Date, the Issuer and the Seller shall have obtained any and all consents, approvals, notifications, authorizations, waivers or orders of or, given any notice to, or made any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority, Nasdaq, Issuers board of directors and stockholders in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities and the rights underlying the Series C&D SPA to the Purchaser, and the issuance or potential issuance of the Securities resulting in a change of control of the Issuer (Required Approvals).

5

4.24 Offering Exemption. The offer, sale and issuance of the Securities to be issued in conformity with the terms of this Agreement constitute transactions which are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and from all applicable state registration or qualification requirements. Subject to the receipt of the Required Approvals and assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 5, the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder will not contravene the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 5, the issuance and sale of the Securities by the Seller to the Purchaser is exempt from the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws of the location of the Purchaser.

4.25 Certain Fees. Except for the Broker Fee, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Seller to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Agreement. The Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.

4.26 Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Seller nor the Issuer, nor to the knowledge of the Seller, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Seller or the Issuer, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Issuer (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Issuer is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

4.27 Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Issuer nor the Seller nor, to the Sellers knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Issuer or any subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.

4.28 Money Laundering. The operations of the Groups are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no action or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Group with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened.

4.29 Flow of Funds. The Issuers anticipated flow of funds described in Schedule 5.11 attached hereto shall be substantially the same from the date of execution of this Agreement until the Closing. The Seller understands and acknowledges that the Purchaser has agreed to enter into this Agreement substantially relying on the representations made by the Seller regarding the anticipated flow of funds in Schedule 5.11 attached hereto.

5. Representations and Warranties of Purchaser. As an inducement to Seller to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated herein, Purchaser represents and warrants to Seller as follows:

5.1 Authority. Purchaser has the right, power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to perform its obligations under this Agreement. Subject to execution and delivery by Seller, this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof.

5.2 No Consent. No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or any filing or declaration with any governmental authority or any other person is required for the consummation by Purchaser of any of the transactions on its part contemplated under this Agreement.

6

5.3 No Conflict. None of the execution, delivery, or performance of this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, conflicts or will conflict with, or (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) result in a termination, breach or violation of (i) any instrument, contract or agreement to which Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound; or (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign law, ordinance, judgment, decree, order, statute, or regulation, or that of any other governmental body or authority, applicable to Purchaser.

5.4 Potential Loss of Investment. The Purchaser understands that an investment in the Sold Assets is a speculative investment that involves a high degree of risk and the potential loss of its entire investment.

5.5 Receipt of Information. The Purchaser has received all documents, records, books, and other information pertaining to the investment that the Purchaser has requested. Purchaser has reviewed the publicly available information regarding the Issuer, which can be located on sec.gov or otherwise distributed to the public in compliance with Regulation FD and the State of Delaware Secretary of the State website.

5.6 No Advertising. At no time was the Purchaser presented with or solicited by any leaflet, newspaper or magazine article, radio or television advertisement, or any other form of general advertising or solicited or invited to attend a promotional meeting otherwise than in connection and concurrently with such communicated offer.

5.7 Investment Experience. The Purchaser (either by itself or with its advisors) is (i) experienced in making investments of the kind described in this Agreement, (ii) able to afford the entire loss of its investment in the Securities, and (iii) is a qualified accredited investor.

5.8 Investment Purposes. The Purchaser is acquiring the restricted Securities for its own account as principal, not as a nominee or agent, and no other person has a direct or indirect beneficial interest in the amount of restricted Securities Purchaser is acquiring herein.

5.9 Restrictive Legends. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Securities (including any common stock of the Issuer into which the Series C or Series D may be converted) were and will be issued pursuant to exemptions from registration under the Securities Act, and are also deemed to be control securities, and shall each bear legends stating that transfer of those Securities is restricted, substantially as follows:

THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY ARE BEING OFFERED TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT)) AND WITHOUT REGISTRATION WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IN RELIANCE UPON REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION/EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY IS PROHIBITED, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

5.10 Intentionally Omitted.

5.11 Flow of Funds. The Purchaser has reviewed the Issuers anticipated flow of funds described in Schedule 5.11 hereto. The Purchaser understands that such flow of funds shall occur or be processed at or around the Closing.

5.12 Minimum Bid Price Deficiency. The Purchaser is aware of the Issuers minimum bid price deficiency disclosed in Section 4.10.

7

6. Covenants.

6.1 Minimum Bid Price Deficiency. The Purchaser shall take commercially reasonable steps to cure the minimum bid price deficiency within the time frame defined by Nasdaq.

7. Indemnification.

7.1 Indemnification relating to Agreement. The Seller and the Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the other Party and such Partys agents, beneficiaries, affiliates, representatives and their respective successors and assigns (collectively, the Indemnified Persons) from and against any and all damages, losses, liabilities, claims, contingencies, taxes and costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and costs) (collectively, Losses) resulting directly or indirectly from (a) any inaccuracy, misrepresentation, or breach of any of the representations and warranties of such party in this Agreement, or any actions, omissions or statements of fact inconsistent with, in any material respect, any such representation or warranty, and (b) any failure by such Party to perform or comply with any agreement, covenant or obligation in this Agreement.

7.2 Indemnification relating to Business. The Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and its agents, beneficiaries, affiliates, representatives, and successors and assigns (the Indemnified Purchaser Parties) against any Losses arising from third-party claims against Purchaser or the Group relating to the period prior to the Closing, where there has been a breach of Section 4.18 or where any Liabilities of the Group relating to the period prior to the Closing are borne by the Group or an Indemnified Purchaser Party after the Closing, then Seller shall be liable for the related Loss with a cap on the liability up to the Purchase Price.

7.3 Survival. All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Parties contained herein or in any other certificate or document delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the date hereof until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.

8. Miscellaneous.

8.1 Further Assurances. From time to time, whether at or following the Closing, each party shall make reasonable commercial efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable, including as required by applicable laws, to consummate and make effective as promptly as practicable the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

8.2 Notices. All notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given (a) if by personal delivery, when so delivered, (b) if sent through an express delivery service, the day shown by such delivery service that the notice was delivered or, in the absence of such notice, four days after being so sent to the respective addresses of the Parties as indicated on the signature page hereto, and (c) if by email, on the day the email is sent (provided the sender receives no automatically generated notice of non-delivery). Any party may change the address or email address to which notices and other communications hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other Parties notice in the manner herein set forth.

8.3 Choice of Law; Jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to principles of conflicts of law. Each of the Parties agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the federal courts located in the Borough
of Manhattan in New York City in any actions or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Each of the Parties, by execution
and delivery of this Agreement, expressly and irrevocably (i) consents and submits to the personal jurisdiction of any of such courts
in any such action or proceeding; (ii) consents to the service of any complaint, summons, notice or other process relating to any such
action or proceeding by delivery thereof to such Party as set forth in Section 7.2 above and (iii) waives any claim or defense in
any such action or proceeding based on any alleged lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue or forum non conveniens or any similar
basis. EACH OF THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY WAIVES FOR ITSELF AND ITS PERMITTED SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION
OR PROCEEDING INSTITUTED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

8

8.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, arrangements and understandings of the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof. No representation, promise, inducement, waiver of rights, agreement or statement of intention has been made by any of the Parties which is not expressly embodied in this Agreement.

8.5 Assignment. Each Partys rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be assigned or delegated, by operation of law or otherwise, without the other Partys prior written consent, and any such assignment or attempted assignment shall be void, of no force or effect, and shall constitute a material default by such Party.

8.6 Amendments. This Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded or cancelled, and any of the terms, covenants, representations, warranties or conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by the Parties hereto.

8.7 Waivers. The failure of any Party at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect the right at a later time to enforce the same. No waiver by any Party of any condition, or the breach of any term, covenant, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such condition or breach or a waiver of any other term, covenant, representation or warranty of this Agreement.

8.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts and by facsimile, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

8.9 Severability. If any term, provisions, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any Party. Upon such determination, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

8.10 Interpretation. The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be deemed to have been jointly and equally drafted by them, and that the provisions of this Agreement therefore shall not be construed against a Party or Parties on the ground that such Party or Parties drafted or was more responsible for the drafting of any such provision(s). The Parties further agree that they have each carefully read the terms and conditions of this Agreement, that they know and understand the contents and effect of this Agreement and that the legal effect of this Agreement has been fully explained to its satisfaction by counsel of its own choosing.

8.11 Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and shall not affect the interpretation of the Agreement or the rights of the Parties.

8.12 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser by written notice to the Seller, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the seventh (7th) business day following the date hereof, provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any Party to sue for any breach by any other Party hereto. This Agreement may be terminated by the Seller by written notice to the Purchaser, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the end of the first business day following the delivery by the Seller of all the Seller Closing Deliverables, provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any Party to sue for any breach by any other Party hereto.

[SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

David Elliot Lazar

/s/ David Elliot Lazar

Address for notices:

Unit 44, Tower 100 The Towers

Winston Churchill

San Francisco, Paitilla

Panama City 07196

Panama

david@activistinvestingllc.com

Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee

/s/ Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee

Address for notices:

Level 10, Tower 11

Avenue 5, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi

Bangsar South

Wilayah Persekutuan

Kuala Lumpur 59200

Malaysia

dorwse@gmail.com

10

EXHIBIT A

DIRECTOR APPOINTMENT

11

EXHIBIT B

ESCROW AGREEMENT

12

EXHIBIT C

ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

13

SCHEDULE 4.7

CAPITALIZATION SPREADSHEET

14

SCHEDULE 4.11

WARRANTS SUMMARY SPREADSHEET

15

SCHEDULE 4.22

EMPLOYMENT AND CONSULTANT AGREEMENTS

Please see data room for all agreements.

16

SCHEDULE 5.10

PRO FORMA BALANCE SHEET

17

SCHEDULE 5.11

FLOW OF EXISTING ISSUER FUNDS

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

ASSIGNMENT
AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Agreement) is made as of February 26, 2025 (the Effective
Date), by and between David Elliot Lazar, whose address is 44, Tower 100 The Towers, Winston Churchill, San Francisco,
Paitilla, Panama City, Panama 07196 (Assignor), and Doris Wong Sing Ee, an individual residing in Kuala Lumpur,
Malaysia (Assignee). Assignee and Assignors are referred herein from time to time collectively as the Parties
and each individually as a Party.

RECITALS

A. Assignor
and Assignee have entered into that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2025 (the Purchase
Agreement), pursuant to which Assignor has agreed to sell to Assignee, and Assignee has agreed to purchase from Assignor,
certain securities of Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), as more fully
described in the Purchase Agreement (the Transaction); and

B. In
connection with the Transaction, Assignors have agreed to assign to Assignee, and Assignee has agreed to assume from Assignors,
the securities purchase agreement between the Company and the Assignor dated February 4, 2025 (the Assigned Agreement).

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree
as follows:

Section 1.
Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings assigned
to them in the Purchase Agreement.

Section 2.
Assignment. Effective as 12:01 A.M. (Eastern Standard Time) on the Effective Date, Assignor hereby irrevocably, absolutely,
and unconditionally assigns, transfers, conveys, and delivers to Assignee and its successors and permitted assigns forever all
of Assignors right, title, and interest of every kind, nature, and description in, to and under the Assigned Agreement.

Section 3.
Assumption. As of 12:01 A.M. (Eastern Standard Time) on the Effective Date, Assignee hereby accepts assignment of the Assigned
Agreement, assumes all of the rights and obligations of Assignor under the Assigned Agreement, and agrees to abide by and perform
all terms, covenants, and conditions of Assignor under the Assigned Agreement.

Section 4.
Further Assurances. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the request of a Party, the Parties shall take all reasonable
and lawful action as may be necessary or appropriate to cause the intent of this Agreement to be carried out.

Section 5.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon Assignor and Assignee and their respective successors and assigns.
The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall survive the consummation of the transfers provided for herein.

Section 6.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless
of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws.

Section 7.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to
be an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimile copies or PDF or similar electronic
data format copies of signatures shall constitute original signatures for all purposes of this Agreement and any enforcement hereof.

Section 8.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Purchase Agreement, constitute the entire agreement and supersede all
other agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the Parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter
hereof.

Section 9.
Amendments. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by a writing executed by the Parties.

Section 10.
Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and in the event any provision hereof is determined to be
invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the
remaining provisions hereof.

[Signature
Page Follows]

2

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Assignment and Assumption Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date.

David Elliot Lazar (Assignor)

/s/ David Elliot Lazar

Doris Wong Sing Ee (Assignee)

/s/ Doris Wong Sing Ee

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL AND MUTUAL RELEASE

This Settlement Agreement and General and Mutual Release (the Agreement) is on this 26th day of February 2025 by and between Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) and Samuel L. Barker (the Director), collectively known herein as the Parties.

WHEREAS, the Director
was elected to act as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Services).

WHEREAS, the Director has provided the Services commonly performed by a director of a company in a similar position.

WHEREAS, there is no dispute as to the provision of the Services nor any disagreements with the Company.

WHEREAS, the Parties desire and intend that this Agreement supplement and modify all prior contracts, agreements and understandings between the Parties.

WHEREAS, the Parties desire that the Director submits his resignation from the Board of Directors of the Company and from all committees of the Board, if any, on
which he or she shall be serving on the date hereof, forthwith.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, and in consideration of the mutual promises,
covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, agree as follows:

1. Settlement Payments Due to the Director from the Company.

Upon execution hereof, the Company shall pay to the Director a cash settlement payment, including with respect to any and all accrued and unpaid directors fees as of the date hereof as applicable to the Director, in the amount of $50,000 (the Cash Settlement) in immediately available cash, to be transmitted via Bank Wire, in U.S. dollars, in accordance with the following instructions
to:

BANK: COMPLETE BANK DETAILS

Goldman Sacs

Name on Account: Sam L. Barker

Routing Number 011302920

Account Number 26900013097402

or any other address subsequently designated in writing by the Director. It is agreed and understood that time is of the essence with respect to the payments.

2. Resignation and Release.

The Director hereby resigns as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Company and irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever discharges the Company and any principals and any successors and assigns (and any officers, directors, shareholders, managers, members,
employees, representatives, attorneys, consultants, and agents of such entities) (hereinafter referred to for purposes of this section as the Clients), from any and all claims, demands, rights, causes of action, liens, actions, suits,
attorneys fees, costs, damages, losses, expenses and contractual obligations of whatever kind
or nature, whether absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect,
in law or in equity, fully accrued or not fully accrued, matured or unmatured, known
or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, suspected or unsuspected, relating to any matter whatsoever (collectively, Claims) which the Director had, currently has, shall or may have, provided that the foregoing is not intended to and shall not have the effect of (i) terminating
or limiting in any way Directors rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses under the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Third Amended and Restated Bylaws or Indemnification Agreement or to continued coverage under the D&O
Policy (as defined in Section 3 below), including under the Companys existing Oakwood insurance coverage; (ii) limiting the ability of Director to enforce this Agreement; or (iii) limiting, reducing or eliminating any of the benefits which Director
is entitled to receive as a holder of equity securities in the Company, including
the Shares (as defined in Section 4 below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the release contained herein shall not release the Director from their obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

The Company, for itself and for its successors and assigns hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever discharges the Director, any successors and assigns (and any officers, directors, shareholders, managers, members,
employees, representatives, attorneys, consultants, and agents of such entities),
from any and all Claims (as defined above) which the Company had, currently has, shall or may have. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the release contained herein shall not release the Clients from their obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

3. Consideration. The Parties understand and agree that this Agreement shall not be construed as (i) an admission of liability by one party to the other,
(ii) that either party has violated any federal, state or local statute, law, ordinance
or regulation, or (iii) there has been any material disagreements with the Company. In addition to the Cash Settlement, as full consideration for the release of Claims
and the other promises and covenants set forth herein and as payment of all amounts
owed or otherwise payable by the Company to Director for his or her service as a member
of the Board of the Directors of the Company, the Company shall (i) continue to indemnify
and advance expenses to Director under the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Third Amended, Indemnification Agreement and Restated Bylaws, as permitted by the Delaware
General Corporation Law and (ii) continue to provide coverage to Director under the
Companys director and officer liability insurance pursuant to the Companys previously obtained coverage via the AON Tail and present coverage from Oakwood insurance (the D&O Policy). The Company agrees that it will not amend its governing
documents or modify the coverage of Director under the D&O Policy in a manner that
would adversely impact Directors rights to any benefits thereunder.

4. Acknowledgement of Equity Ownership. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Director, owns 66 shares, 2,626 restricted stock units and 5,704 stock options (collectively, the Shares), respectively, of the Companys common stock, free and clear of all claims of, or encumbrances imposed by, the Company.

5. No Admission. The Parties understand and agree that this Agreement shall not be construed as (i) an admission of liability by one party to the other, (ii) that either party has violated any federal, state or local statute, law, ordinance or regulation, or (iii) there has been any material disagreements with the Company.

6. Binding Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements between the Parties. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns. The Parties agree and stipulate that this Agreement is enforceable
in all respects and is not subject to any affirmative claim, once this Agreement is executed.

7. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire and complete understanding between the Parties hereto, and no other representation, promise, or
agreement shall be binding upon either of them unless it is in writing and executed
by the Parties.

8. Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified in any manner except by a writing signed by each of the Parties hereto.

9. Recitals. The Parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the recitals set forth at the beginning of this Agreement are true and correct in all respects and are incorporated
herein by this reference.

10. Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement is made and delivered in and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the applicable laws of the State of
Delaware. Any suit involving any dispute or matter arising under this Agreement, the Parties
hereby consent to personal jurisdiction in the State of Delaware.

11. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the provision shall be modified to the extent necessary to render it
enforceable and, if necessary, shall be fully severable.

12. Authority. Each signer below warrants that he/she has actual authority to enter into this Agreement. It is understood that each party to this Agreement is relying on the
other party executing his Agreement having actual authority to enter into the Agreement.

13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same Agreement and each of which shall be deemed
an original. An executed counterpart of this Agreement faxed or scanned and emailed
shall have the same force and effect as an originally executed counterpart.

2

14. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING DIRECTLY
OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

15. Encouragement to Consult Attorney; Time to Consider Agreement. EACH OF THE PARTIES REPRESENTS THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS BEEN ENTERED INTO FREELY AND VOLUNTARILY;
THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO ASCERTAIN AND WEIGH ALL OF THE FACTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES
LIKELY TO INFLUENCE ITS JUDG-MENTS; THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK AND OBTAIN LEGAL COUNSEL, AND HAS AVAILED
ITSELF OF COUNSEL PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, AND TO BE DULY APPRISED OF ITS
LEGAL RIGHTS; AND THAT IT HAS READ AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT.

16. Non-Disparagement. The Parties agree that they will not say, write or cause to be said or written, any
statement that may be considered defamatory, derogatory or disparaging of any of the
other Parties.

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have made and entered into this Settlement Agreement and General and Mutual Release as of the date set forth above.

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

/s/ David Lazar 

By: David Lazar 

Its: CEO 

Director 

/s/ Samuel L. Barker 

Samuel L. Barker 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS ANNOUNCES CLOSING OF A

CHANGE OF CONTROL TRANSACTION AND APPOINTMENT OF NEW

EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP

BERKELEY HEIGHTS, NJ, February 27, 2025 -- Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Cyclacel) (NASDAQ: CYCC, NASDAQ: CYCCP), a biopharmaceutical company that develops innovative cancer medicines, today announced a change in control and leadership on February 26, 2025.

Pursuant to the closing of a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) between Cyclacels former interim chief executive officer, David Lazar (Seller) and Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee (Purchaser), executed on February 11, 2025, Purchaser purchased from Seller, 1,000,000 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Cyclacel, $0.0001 par value per share (the Series C) and such number of the 2,100,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Cyclacel, $0.0001 par value per share (the Series D) held by Seller so that Purchaser owns 70% of the issued and outstanding shares of Cyclacel, which resulted in the issuance of 1,745,262 shares of Series D (collectively, the Series C and Series D, the Securities). The transaction contemplated by the Agreement closed on February 26, 2025 (the Closing Date) at which point Purchaser purchased and succeeded to all of Sellers rights and interests under the securities purchase agreement between Seller and Cyclacel dated January 2, 2025.

Purchaser acquired the Securities for a total consideration of $6,300,000 (the Purchase Price) less a holdback amount of $100,000 (the Holdback Amount) to the escrow agent. The Purchase Price included a cash brokerage fee of $800,000. The Holdback Amount will be held by Purchaser for 120 days from the Closing Date to satisfy any indemnity and other agreed upon claims and expenses.

On the Closing Date, Seller issued written notice to Cyclacel to exercise the conversion rights related to the Series C and Series D shares into the common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) of Cyclacel registered in Purchasers name, as follows: (i) 1,000,000 shares of Series C into 2,650,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 1,745,262 shares of Series D into 191,978,820 shares of Common Stock. As of the Closing Date, Purchaser has become the new controlling shareholder of Cyclacel.

At the same time, David Lazar resigned as interim chief executive officer and secretary and Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee was elected as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Cyclacel. Cyclacel also announced the appointment of Kiu Cu Seng, as Executive Director, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer and, in such role, he will serve as the Companys co-principal financial officer and co-principal accounting officer along with David Lazar until the effective date of his resignation on the earlier of the filing date of the Companys annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 or March 31, 2025.

I am honored to serve as Cyclacels next CEO, said Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee. I look forward to our exciting next chapter as I work with the rest of Cyclacels management team and board of directors to further build our biopharmaceutical business and deliver value for patients, shareholders and our other stakeholders.

Coinciding with the Closing Date, the following directors of the Company tendered their resignation or notice of resignation from the Board: (i) Dr. Samuel L. Barker resigned as an independent director; (ii) Avraham Ben-Tzvi provided notice that his resignation as an independent director will be effective upon the earlier of the filing date of the Companys annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 or March 31, 2025; (iii) Paul McBarron resigned as a non-independent director; (iv) David Natan provided notice that his resignation as an independent director will be effective upon the earlier of the filing date of the Companys annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 or March 31, 2025; and (iv) Spiro Rombotis resigned as a non-independent director.

In connection with the resignation of Messers. Barker, McBarron and Rombotis, effective as of February 26, 2025, the Board appointed Chong Kwang Fock to act as an Independent Director, as well as the Board appointments of Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee and Kiu Cu Seng, as noted above.

About Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee

Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee is a seasoned leader with more than 20 years of management experience across various industries ranging from oil and gas, property development, solar, engineering, advertising, food and beverage, raw materials and more. She specializes in business development, strategic consultancy and corporate advisory in mergers and acquisition and joint venture across Malaysia, Singapore, China, Japan, Thailand and Indonesia. Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee has also been serving as the Executive Director of BSL Corporation Berhad (KLSE: BSLCORP) since May 2024, a public listed company with its business segments constituting stamping and manufacturing of precision metal parts and fabrication of tools and dies, printed circuit boards (PCB) assembly of all types of electronics and electrical components, devices and systems, fabrication and forging of base metal components for consumer products.

Since October 2020, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee has been serving as an Executive Director of Metronic Global Bhd, an investment holding company, where she has been optimizing financial operations, establishing business goals, advising the board of directors on organizational activities and executing special business projects. She has also been involved in various investment opportunities in business diversification, generating new revenue and increasing shareholders wealth. Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee served as an independent director and member of the audit committee and the compensation committee of Energem Corp since from its initial public offering on November 16, 2021 until her appointment as Executive Director on January 27, 2023. Following Energem Corps completion of a series of transactions that resulted in its business combination with Graphjet Technology Sdn. Bhd. (Nasdaq: GTI), a Malaysian private limited company (Graphjet) on March 14, 2024, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee served as a director of Graphjet until January 6, 2025. Since February 2017, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee has been a non-independent non-executive director at Trive Property Group Bhd (0118.KL). Previously, from January 2019 to September 2020, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee served as Chief Corporate Officer in Metronic Engineering Sdn. Bhd. (0043.KL) where she oversaw HR operations, set objectives for the HR team and helped shape the brand strategy of the company.

2

About Kiu Cu Seng

Mr. Kiu brings significant accounting and audit experience involving publicly listed companies during his years working with accounting standards to the Company. Mr. Kiu served as Energem Corps Chief Financial Officer from August 12, 2021 through its completion of a series of transactions that resulted in its business combination with Graphjet on March 14, 2024. Since March 2021, Mr. Kiu has served as Group Accountant for BCM Alliance Bhd, Sanichi Technology Bhd. and Trive Property Group Bhd. His responsibility is on group consolidation issues. From June 2019 to February 2021, Mr. Kiu served as Manager in SBY & Partners PLT (formerly known as Siew Boon Yeong & Associates) an established professional accounting organization providing a comprehensive range of services ranging from audit and assurance, taxation and accounting where he specialized in auditing matters. From June 2017 to February 2019, Mr. Kiu served as a Senior Auditor with Siew Boon Yeong & Associates. Mr. Kiu graduated from Infrastructure University Kuala Lumpur in 2013 with a bachelors degree (with Honors) in Accounting and from Kuala Lumpur Infrastructure University College with a Diploma in Accounting in 2009.

About Chong Kwang Fock

Kwang Fock Chong is a Chartered Accountant in Malaysia, and brings nearly 20 years of the working experience to the Company. He served as an Independent Director, Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Compensation Committee of Energem Corp since its initial public offering on November 16, 2021 until its business combination with Graphjet on March 14, 2024. His experience includes auditing of public listed companies, multinationals and private limited companies in various industries. Other than conducting statutory audit in Malaysia, he also performed audit for companies based in China and the AIPAC region. He was also involved in Reporting Accountants engagement on initial public offering exercise, due diligence, reviewing financial forecast and projections.

Mr. Chong serves as Auditors and Partner of KHLC PLT where his main responsibility is reviewer and signing partner since October 2020. From July 2014 to September 2020, Mr. Chong served as Auditor and Partner of SBY Partners PLT that provides audit and assurance services. His main responsibility was reviewer and signing partner. Mr. Chong received his Diploma in 2002 from Tunku Abdul Rahman College in Financial Accounting. He achieved his Association of Chartered Certified Accountants certification in 2005.

Advisors

Rimon P.C. served as legal counsel to Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee.

ABZ Law Office served as legal counsel to David Lazar.

3

About Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Cyclacel is a clinical-stage, biopharmaceutical company developing innovative cancer medicines based on cell cycle, transcriptional regulation and mitosis biology. The transcriptional regulation program is evaluating fadraciclib, a CDK2/9 inhibitor, and the anti-mitotic program plogosertib, a PLK1 inhibitor, in patients with both solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Cyclacels strategy is to build a diversified biopharmaceutical business based on a pipeline of novel drug candidates addressing oncology and hematology indications. For additional information, please visit www.cyclacel.com.

Forward-looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Safe Harbor provisions of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and encompasses all statements, other than statements of historical fact contained in this press release. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as may, could, will, expects, anticipates, aims, future, intends, plans, believes, estimates, targets, likely to, understands and similar statements. These forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations. However, it is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors and circumstances that may cause Cyclacels actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from its expectations expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including conditions in the U.S. capital markets, negative global economic conditions, potential negative developments resulting from epidemics or natural disasters, other negative developments in Cyclacels business or unfavorable legislative or regulatory developments. We caution you therefore against relying on these forward-looking statements, and we qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.

For a discussion of additional factors that may affect the outcome of such forward-looking statements, see our 2023 annual report filed with the SEC on Form 10-K on March 21, 2024, as amended on April 30, 2024 (Commission File Number: 000-50626), and in particular the Risk Factors section, as well as the other documents filed with or furnished to the SEC by Cyclacel from time to time. Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC at www.sec.gov, or on the SEC Filings section of our Investor Relations website at https://investor.cyclacel.com/sec-filings. These and other important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this press release. Any such forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of the date of this press release. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Cyclacels views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. All forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information currently available to Cyclacel, and Cyclacel and its authorized representatives assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.

Investor Relations Contact

IR@cyclacel.com

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>img_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cycc-20250226.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cycc-20250226_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>cycc-20250226_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>cycc-20250226_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 26, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 26, 2025

Entity File Number 0-50626

Entity Registrant Name Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001130166

Entity Tax Identification Number 91-1707622

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 200 Connell Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1500

Entity Address, City or Town Berkeley Heights

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07922

City Area Code 908

Local Phone Number 517-7330

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol CYCC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol CYCCP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cycc_CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cycc_PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cyclacel.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cycc-20250226.xsd 
cycc-20250226_def.xml 
cycc-20250226_lab.xml 
cycc-20250226_pre.xml 
cyclacel_8k.htm 

img_001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-001253-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>cyclacel_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001130166 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0001130166 

cycc:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0001130166 

cycc:PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001130166 
8-K 
2025-02-26 
Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
DE 
0-50626 
91-1707622 
200 Connell Drive 
Suite 1500 
Berkeley Heights 
NJ 
07922 
908 
517-7330 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
CYCC 
NASDAQ 
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 
CYCCP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>