<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-000003.txt : 20250102
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-000003.hdr.sgml : 20250102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250102060316
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nordicus Partners Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001011060
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				043186647
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11737
		FILM NUMBER:		25500059

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		280 SOUTH BEVERLY DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 505
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		508-523-3141

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		280 SOUTH BEVERLY DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 505
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EKIMAS Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200406

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AdvanSource Biomaterials Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CARDIOTECH INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960321
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000101106000010110602025-01-022025-01-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

Of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January
2, 2025 (December 30, 2024)

Date
of report (date of earliest event reported)

Nordicus
Partners Corporation

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware Commission
File No. 001-11737 04-3186647

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

280
South Beverly Dr., Suite 505, Beverly Hills, CA90212

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

(424)256-8560

(Registrants
Telephone Number)

3651
Lindell Road, Suite D565, Las Vegas, NV, 89103

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

None None None

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
December 30, 2024, Nordicus Partners Corporation (the Company) issued a warrant, dated as of December 30, 2024 (the Warrant),
to purchase 1,000,000 shares (the Warrant Shares) of its common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock)
to GK Partners ApS (the Investor), a private investor located in Denmark. The Warrant expires on December 31, 2025.

The
exercise price of the Warrant is the greater of (i) $8.91 and (ii) the VWAP on the trading date preceding the date the corresponding
Expiration Notice is delivered to the Company. For purposes of the Warrant:

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 10 Trading Days immediately preceding
such date on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for
trading on a Trading Market and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported for the
10 Trading Days immediately preceding such date, or (c) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of this Warrant then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

The
applicable information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02. The
Warrant and the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant were and will be sold in reliance upon the exemption from securities
registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and Regulation S under the Securities Act, based in part on the representations
of the Investor. There were no sales commissions paid pursuant to this transaction.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
Number Description

10.1 Warrant dated as of December 30, 2024 issued by Nordicus Partners Corporation to GK Partners ApS.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
January 2, 2025 Nordicus
Partners Corporation

By: /s/
Henrik Rouf

Henrik
Rouf

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

NEITHER
THESE SECURITIES NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD,
TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
(B) AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR BLUE SKY LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY
OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT.

NORDICUS
PARTNERS CORPORATION

WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

Warrant
No. W-4 Original
Issue Date: December 30, 2024

NORDICUS
PARTNERS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for value received, GK
Partners ApS or its permitted registered assigns (the Holder), is entitled to purchase from the
Company up to a total of 1,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of the
Company (each such share, a Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares) at the exercise
price per share set forth in Section 3(c) (as adjusted from time to time as provided in Section 8 herein, the Exercise Price),
at any time and from time to time on or after the Original Issue Date and through and including 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on December
31, 2025 (the Expiration Date), subject to the following terms and conditions:

1.
Registration of Warrants on Companys Books. The Company shall register this warrant (this Warrant),
upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record
Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the case may be, any registered assignee to which this Warrant is permissibly assigned
hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the
purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

2.
Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance with all applicable securities laws, the Company shall register the transfer
of all or any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon (i) surrender of this Warrant, with the Form of Assignment attached
as Schedule 2 hereto duly completed and signed, to the Company at its address specified in Section 11 and (ii) if a resale registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act) covering this Warrant and the Warrant Shares (a
Registration Statement) is not effective, (x) delivery, at the request of the Company, of an opinion of counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Company to the effect that the transfer of such portion of this Warrant may be made pursuant to an available
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and all applicable state securities or blue sky laws and (y) delivery
by the transferee of a written statement to the Company certifying that the transferee is an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act, to the Company at its address specified in Section 11. Upon any such registration or transfer,
a new warrant to purchase Common Stock in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a New Warrant)
evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee, and a New Warrant evidencing the remaining portion
of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by the transferee
thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations of a Holder of a Warrant. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Warrant may not be transferred in increments of less than 10,000 Warrant Shares unless the entire remaining Warrant
is transferred.

3.
Exercise and Duration of Warrants.

(a)
All or any part of this Warrant shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, by the registered Holder at any time and from time to time
on or after the Original Issue Date and through and including 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the Expiration Date. At 5:00 P.M., New
York City time, on the Expiration Date, the portion of this Warrant not exercised prior thereto shall be and become void and of no value
and this Warrant shall be terminated and no longer outstanding.

(b)
The Holder may exercise this Warrant by delivering to the Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the
Exercise Notice), appropriately completed and duly signed and (ii) payment in immediately available funds of the
Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised, and the date such items are delivered to
the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions hereof) is an Exercise Date. The delivery by (or on
behalf of) the Holder of the Exercise Notice and the applicable Exercise Price as provided above shall constitute the Holders
certification to the Company that its representations contained Section 13 are true and correct as of the Exercise Date as if remade
in their entirety (or, in the case of any transferee Holder, such transferee Holders certification to the Company that such representations
are true and correct as to such assignee Holder as of the Exercise Date). The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant
in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of
the original Warrant and issuance of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares.

(c)
The Exercise Price with respect to any exercise of this Warrant shall be the price per share equal to the greater of (i) $8.91 and (ii)
the VWAP on the trading date preceding the date the corresponding Expiration Notice is delivered to the Company.

(d)
For purposes of this Warrant:

(i)
Trading Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

2

(ii)
Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for
trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market,
the New York Stock Exchange, the OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

(iii)
VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common
Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 10 Trading Days
immediately preceding such date on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted for trading on a Trading Market and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported
for the 10 Trading Days immediately preceding such date, or (c) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock
as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of this Warrant then outstanding
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

4.
Delivery of Warrant Shares.

(a)
Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than three Trading Days after the Exercise Date) issue
or cause to be issued and cause to be delivered to or upon the written order of the Holder and in such name or names as the Holder may
designate (provided that, if a Registration Statement is not effective and the Holder directs the Company to register the Warrant Shares
in a name other than that of the Holder, it shall deliver to the Company on the Exercise Date an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Company to the effect that the issuance of such Warrant Shares in such other name may be made pursuant to an available exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and all applicable state securities or blue sky laws), a certificate for the
Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, free of restrictive legends, unless a registration statement covering the resale of the Warrant
Shares and naming the Holder as a selling stockholder thereunder is not then effective or the Warrant Shares are not freely transferable
without volume restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The Holder, or any Person permissibly so designated by the
Holder to receive Warrant Shares, shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Warrant Shares as of the Exercise Date.
If the Warrant Shares are to be issued free of all restrictive legends, the Company shall, upon the written request of the Holder, use
its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver, or cause to be delivered, Warrant Shares hereunder electronically through The Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions, if available provided, that, the
Company may, but will not be required to, change its transfer agent if its current transfer agent cannot deliver Warrant Shares electronically
through such a clearing corporation.

3

(b)
To the extent permitted by law, the Companys obligations to issue and deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms hereof
are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with
respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim,
recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company
or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might
otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of Warrant Shares. Nothing herein shall
limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Common Stock
upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance and delivery of certificates for shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant shall
be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental tax or expense in respect
of the issuance of such certificates, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company provided, however, that the
Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any certificates
for Warrant Shares or Warrants in a name other than that of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all
other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

6.
Replacement of Warrant. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued
in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in lieu of and substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only
upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction (in such case) and, in each case,
a customary and reasonable indemnity (which shall not include a surety bond), if requested. Applicants for a New Warrant under such circumstances
shall also comply with such other reasonable regulations and procedures and pay such other reasonable third-party costs as the Company
may prescribe. If a New Warrant is requested as a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such mutilated
Warrant to the Company as a condition precedent to the Companys obligation to issue the New Warrant.

7.
Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that it will reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized
but unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Stock, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this
Warrant as herein provided, one hundred percent (100%) of the number of Warrant Shares which are initially issuable and deliverable upon
the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive rights or any other contingent purchase rights of persons other than the Holder
(taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 8). The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable
shall, upon issuance and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, be duly and validly authorized,
issued and fully paid and nonassessable. The Company will take all such action as may be necessary to assure that such shares of Common
Stock may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities
exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Common Stock may be listed.

4

8.
Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment
from time to time as set forth in this Section 8.

(a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a stock dividend on its Common
Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides its
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, or (iii) combines its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant
to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.

(b)
Pro Rata Distributions. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, distributes to all holders of Common Stock
(i) evidences of its indebtedness, (ii) any security (other than a distribution of Common Stock covered by the preceding paragraph),
(iii) rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security, or (iv) any other asset (in each case, Distributed Property),
then, upon any exercise of this Warrant that occurs after the record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to receive
such distribution, the Holder shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the Warrant Shares otherwise issuable upon such exercise (if
applicable), the Distributed Property that such Holder would have been entitled to receive in respect of such number of Warrant Shares
had the Holder been the record holder of such Warrant Shares immediately prior to such record date.

(c)
Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation
of the Company with or into another Person, in which the Company is not the survivor and the stockholders of the Company immediately
prior to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly, at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting securities of the
surviving entity, (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets or a majority of its Common Stock is acquired
by a third party, in each case, in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the
Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which all or substantially all of the holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock
or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 8(a) above) (in
any such case, a Fundamental Transaction), then the Holder shall thereafter receive, upon exercise of this Warrant,
in lieu of any Warrant Shares, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon
the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number
of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein
(the Alternate Consideration). The Company shall not effect any such Fundamental Transaction unless prior to or
simultaneously with the consummation thereof, any successor to the Company, surviving entity or the corporation purchasing or otherwise
acquiring such assets or other appropriate corporation or entity shall assume the obligation to deliver to the Holder, such Alternate
Consideration as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to purchase and/or receive (as the case may
be), and the other obligations under this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph (c) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions
analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.

5

(d)
Subsequent Equity Sales. If the Company at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase,
or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase
or other disposition) any Common Stock or any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time
Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock (Common
Stock Equivalents), at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect (such lower price, the Base
Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (it being understood and agreed that
if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments,
reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which
are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is less
than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive
Issuance at such effective price), then simultaneously with the consummation of each Dilutive Issuance the Exercise Price shall be reduced
and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate
Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price, shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise
Price prior to such adjustment. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no adjustments shall be made, paid or issued under this Section 8(d) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors or consultants (provided
that such issuances to consultant shall not exceed $500,000 of shares in any 12-month period) of the Company pursuant to any stock or
option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members
of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion
of any Warrants or Warrant Shares issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Warrant, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date
of this Warrant to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such
securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a person or entity (or to the equityholders of a person or
entity) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the
business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include
a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business
is investing in securities.

6

(e)
The Company shall notify the Holder, in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance or deemed issuance of any Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 8(d), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset
price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For
purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 8(d), upon the occurrence
of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless of
whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
this Section 8(d) shall terminate and be of no further force or effect after six months after the date that all of the Warrant Shares
are freely tradable under Rule 144 without the requirement to be in compliance with the current public information requirements thereunder.

(f)
Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to paragraph (a) and (e) of this Section,
the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so
that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall
be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

(g)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 8 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest share, as applicable. The
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company,
and the sale or issuance of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common Stock.

(h)
Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 8, the Company at its expense will, at
the written request of the Holder, promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and
prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type
of Warrant Shares or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the transactions giving rise
to such adjustments and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly
deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and to the Companys transfer agent.

(i)
Notice of Corporate Events. If, while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company (i) declares a dividend or any other distribution
of cash, securities or other property in respect of its Common Stock, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement
contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, except if such notice and the contents thereof shall be deemed to constitute material
non-public information, the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice describing the material terms and conditions of such transaction
at least ten (10) Trading Days prior to the applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Common Stock in
order to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction, and the Company will take all steps reasonably necessary in order to
ensure that the Holder is given the practical opportunity to exercise this Warrant prior to such time so as to participate in or vote
with respect to such transaction provided, however, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect
the validity of the corporate action required to be described in such notice.

7

9.
Payment of Exercise Price. The Holder shall pay the Exercise Price in immediately available funds.

10.
No Fractional Shares. No fractional Warrant Shares will be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of
any fractional shares which would, otherwise be issuable, the number of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the next
whole number and the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market value (based on the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional
shares.

11.
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder (including,
without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date
of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the address specified below prior to 5:00 P.M., New York City
time, on a Trading Day (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
at the address specified below on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on any Trading Day, (iii)
the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service specifying next business day
delivery, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given, if by hand delivery. The address and
email address of a party for such notices or communications shall be as set forth below unless changed by such party by two Trading Days
prior notice to the other party in accordance with this Section 11. The Companys address for notices shall be as follows:

Nordicus
Partners Corporation

280
South Beverly Dr., Suite 505

Beverly
Hills, CA 90212

Attn:
CEO

Email:
hr@nordicuspartners.com

12.
Warrant Agent. The Company shall serve as warrant agent under this Warrant. Upon thirty (30) days notice to the Holder,
the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any corporation into which the Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation
resulting from any consolidation to which the Company or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the Company
or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant
agent under this Warrant without any further act. Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant
agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last address as shown on the Warrant Register.

8

13.
Representations, Warranties an Agreements of the Holder. The Holder represents and warrants to the Company as follows, and acknowledges
that the Company is relying upon such covenants, representations and warranties in connection with the sale of the Warrants and the Warrant
Shares (together, the Securities) to the Holder:

(a)
Status. The Holder represents and warrants to the Company that either (a) the Holder is an accredited investor, as defined under
Regulation D of the Securities Act, or (b) the Holder is not a U.S. Person as defined under Regulation S of the Securities
Act and is not acquiring the Securities for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person.

(b)
Definition of U.S. Person. A U.S. Person is defined under Regulation S of the Securities Act to be any person
who is:

(i)
any natural person resident in the United States;

(ii)
any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States;

(iii)
any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person;

(iv)
any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person;

(v)
any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States;

(vi)
any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporate,
or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and

(vii)
any partnership or corporation if:

(A)
organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and

(B)
formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act, unless it is
organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited Holders as defined in Section 230.501(a) of the Securities Act who are not natural
persons, estates or trusts.

(c)
Other Representations and Warranties. If the Holder is not a U.S. Person, the Holder represents and warrants as follows: (i) The
Holder acknowledges that the Holder was not in the United States at the time the offer to purchase the Securities was received. (ii)
The Holder acknowledges that the Securities are and will be restricted securities within the meaning of the Securities
Act and will be issued to the Holder in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. (iii) The Holder agrees not to engage in
hedging transactions with regard to the Securities unless in compliance with the Securities Act. (iv) The Holder and the Company agree
that the Company will refuse to register any transfer of the Securities not made (A) in accordance with the provisions of Regulation
D or Regulation S of the Securities Act, (B) pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or (C) pursuant to an available exemption
from registration, or pursuant to this Agreement. The Holder agrees to resell the Securities only (x) in accordance with the provisions
of Regulation S of the Securities Act, (y) pursuant to registration under the Securities Act, or (z) pursuant to an available exemption
from registration pursuant to the Securities Act.

9

(d)
Legends. The Holder acknowledges and agrees that all certificates representing the Securities will be endorsed with the following
legend in accordance with Regulation D or Regulation S of the Securities Act:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE SECURITIES ACT)
AND HAVE BEEN ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY REGULATION D
OR REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE REOFFERED FOR SALE OR RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION D OR REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES
MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

(e)
Sophistication. The Holder is an investor in securities of companies in the development stage and acknowledges that he/she/it
is able to fend for himself/herself/itself, can bear the economic risk of his/her/its investment, and has such knowledge and experience
in financial or business matters such that he/she/it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment in the Securities.
The Holder can bear the economic risk of this investment, and, if the Holder is not an individual, was not organized for the purpose
of acquiring the Securities.

(f)
Opportunity to Review. The Holder has had full opportunity to review the Companys periodic filings with the SEC pursuant
to the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and additional information regarding the business and financial condition of the Company.
The Holder believes he/she/it has received all the information he/she/it considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to purchase
the Securities. The Holder further represents that he/she/it has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company
regarding the terms and conditions of the Offering and the business, properties, prospects and financial condition of the Company. The
Holder has had full opportunity to discuss this information with the Holders legal and financial advisers prior to execution of
this Subscription Agreement.

(g)
Exempt Securities. The Holder acknowledges that the offering of the Securities by the Company has not been reviewed by the SEC
and that the Securities are being issued by the Company pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

(h)
Restricted Securities. The Holder understands that the Securities he/she/it is purchasing are characterized as restricted
securities under the Securities Act inasmuch as they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public
offering and that under such laws and applicable regulations such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities
Act only in certain limited circumstances. In this connection, the Holder represents that he/she/it is familiar with SEC Rule 144, as
presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act.

10

(i)
Investment Representation. The Securities will be acquired by the Holder for investment for the Holders own account, not
as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that the Holder has no present intention
of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. The Holder does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement
or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such person or to any third person, with respect to any of
the Securities.

(j)
Speculative Investment. An investment in the Company is highly speculative and only Holders who can afford the loss of their entire
investment should consider investing in the Company and the Securities. The Holder is financially able to bear the economic risks of
an investment in the Company.

(k)
Risk. The Holder recognizes that the purchase of the Securities involves a high degree of risk in that the Company is in the early
stages of development of its business and may require substantial funds in addition to the proceeds of this private placement.

(l)
No Advertising. The Holder is not aware of any advertisement of the Securities.

(m)
Execution and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly authorized, validly executed and delivered by the Holder.

(n)
Foreign Regulation. The Holder has satisfied himself/herself/itself as to the full observance of the laws of his/her/its jurisdiction
in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Securities or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements
within his/her/its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Securities; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase;
(iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained; (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may
be relevant to an investment in the Securities; and (v) any restrictions on transfer applicable to any disposition of the Securities
imposed by the jurisdiction in which the Holder is resident.

(o)
Principal. The Holder is purchasing the Securities as principal for his/her/its own account and not for the benefit of any other
person.

14.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
No Rights as a Shareholder. The Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled
to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in
this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the
rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization,
issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings,
receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such Person is
then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as
imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of
the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. Notwithstanding this Section 14(a),
the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and other information given to the shareholders of the Company,
contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the shareholders.

11

(b)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Warrant, and compliance with applicable securities
laws, this Warrant may be assigned by the Holder. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company except to a successor in the event
of a Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns. Subject to the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company
and the Holder any legal or equitable right, remedy or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only in writing
signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors and assigns.

(c)
Governing Law Jurisdiction. ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS
WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES
OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING
IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISCUSSED HEREIN (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS), AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF
ANY SUCH COURT. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT,
ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE OF DELIVERY) TO
SUCH PARTY AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT UNDER THE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE
GOOD AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO
SERVE PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.

(d)
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall
not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(e)
Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions of this Warrant shall be invalid or unenforceable in
any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby, and the parties will attempt in good faith to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a commercially
reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant.

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of the date first indicated above.

NORDICUS
PARTNERS CORPORATION

By: 

Henrik
Rouf

Chief
Executive Officer

13

SCHEDULE
1

FORM
OF EXERCISE NOTICE

(To
be executed by the Holder to purchase shares of Common Stock under the foregoing Warrant)

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No.W-4 (the Warrant) issued by Nordicus Partners Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(the Company). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth
in the Warrant.

The
undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase __________ Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant. The Exercise Price is calculated
as follows:

[__]
The floor of $8.91 per share

[__]
The VWAP equal to $______ per share as calculated in accordance with Section 3 of the Warrant.

Pursuant
to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder _____________ Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

Dated:
______________________________________

Name
of Holder: ______________________________

By:
________________________________________

Name:
______________________________________

Title:
_______________________________________

(Signature
must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant)

14

SCHEDULE
2 

NORDICUS
PARTNERS CORPORATION

FORM
OF ASSIGNMENT

[To
be completed and signed only upon transfer of Warrant]

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto _______________ (the Transferee) the right
represented by the within Warrant to purchase ___________ shares of Common Stock of Nordicus Partners Corporation (the Company)
to which the within Warrant relates and appoints ___________________ attorney to transfer said right on the books of the Company with
full power of substitution in the premises. In connection therewith, the undersigned represents, warrants, covenants and agrees to and
with the Company that:

(a)
the offer and sale of the Warrant contemplated hereby is being made in compliance with Section 4(1) of the United States Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or another valid exemption from the registration requirements of Section
5 of the Securities Act and in compliance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States

(b)
the undersigned has not offered to sell the Warrant by any form of general solicitation or general advertising, including, but not limited
to, any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over
television or radio, and any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising

(c)
the undersigned has read the Transferees investment letter included herewith, and to its actual knowledge, the statements made
therein are true and correct and

(d)
the undersigned understands that the Company may condition the transfer of the Warrant contemplated hereby upon the delivery to the Company
by the undersigned or the Transferee, as the case may be, of a written opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance
and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that such transfer may be made without registration
under the Securities Act and under applicable securities laws of the states of the United States.

Dated: 

(Signature
must conform in all respects to name of holder as specified on the face of the Warrant)

Address
of Transferee

In the presence of: 

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>nord-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>nord-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nord-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-000003-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001011060 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001011060 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
Nordicus Partners Corporation 
DE 
001-11737 
04-3186647 
280 South Beverly Dr. 
Suite 505 
Beverly Hills 
CA 
90212 
(424) 
256-8560 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-11737

Entity Registrant Name Nordicus
Partners Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001011060

Entity Tax Identification Number 04-3186647

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 280
South Beverly Dr.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 505

Entity Address, City or Town Beverly Hills

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90212

City Area Code (424)

Local Phone Number 256-8560

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nordicuspartners.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
nord-20250102.xsd 
nord-20250102_lab.xml 
nord-20250102_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>