<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-005700.txt : 20250114
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-005700.hdr.sgml : 20250114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250114073605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-005700
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250112
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sinclair, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001971213
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS [4833]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				921076143
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-271072
		FILM NUMBER:		25527763

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10706 BEAVER DAM ROAD
		CITY:			HUNT VALLEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21030
		BUSINESS PHONE:		410-568-1711

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10706 BEAVER DAM ROAD
		CITY:			HUNT VALLEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000912752
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS [4833]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				521494660
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26076
		FILM NUMBER:		25527764

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10706 BEAVER DAM ROAD
		CITY:			HUNT VALLEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21030
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4105681500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10706 BEAVER DAM ROAD
		CITY:			HUNT VALLEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21030

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930928
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d791660d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

MDMDMDMDfalse0001971213000091275200019712132025-01-122025-01-120001971213sbgi:SinclairBroadcastGroupLLCMember2025-01-122025-01-12

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

January 12, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) 

Sinclair, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Maryland 

333-271072 

92-1076143

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Maryland 

000-26076 

52-1494660

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

10706 Beaver Dam RoadHunt Valley, 

MD21030

(Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 

(410) 

568-1500

(Registrants telephone number, including area code) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 

8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 

14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Sinclair, Inc. 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $ 0.01 per share SBGI The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 

12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 

240.12b-2). Sinclair, Inc. Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Sinclair, Inc. Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On January 14, 2025, Sinclair, Inc. (the Company or Sinclair) announced that Sinclair Television Group, Inc. (STG) and certain affiliated entities, including its direct parent, Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC (SBG), have entered into a Transaction Support Agreement dated as of January 12, 2025 (including the attached term sheet and other attachments thereto, the TSA) with certain of STGs secured creditors, including lenders holding term loans (the Existing Term Loan Facility) under STGs existing credit facilities (the Existing Credit Facilities) governed by STGs existing bank credit agreement (the Existing Credit Agreement) and various holders of STGs outstanding 4.125% Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (the Existing Secured Notes), on the principal terms of new money financings and a debt recapitalization (the Transactions) to strengthen the Companys balance sheet and better position it for long-term growth. 

The transactions, as contemplated in the TSA, demonstrate the strong support of our creditors in positioning the Company for long-term success by enhancing its financial liquidity and flexibility said Chris Ripley, Sinclairs President and Chief Executive Officer. The refinancings are expected to push our closest meaningful maturity to December 2029 and extend all of our maturities to a weighted average of 6.6 years, while materially reducing our first lien net leverage and improving our financial optionality, allowing us to continue to be opportunistic in the marketplace to deleverage over time while driving enhanced returns for all of the companys stakeholders. 

The lenders of the Existing Term Loan Facility party to the TSA represent approximately 80% of the aggregate principal amount of STGs outstanding loans under its Existing Credit Facilities, and the holders of Existing Secured Notes party to the TSA represent approximately 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the Existing Secured Notes, which, in each case, is in excess of the consent thresholds necessary to permit the Transactions. By executing the TSA, the lenders and noteholders party thereto agreed to, among other things, (i) with respect to certain backstop lenders, provide a backstopped 

First-Out Term Loan Facility (as defined below); (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to support and take all commercially reasonable actions necessary or reasonably requested by the Company to facilitate the consummation of the Transactions, and (iii) negotiate in good faith the applicable definitive documents consistent with the terms of the TSA. 

The Transactions, once finalized, will provide for the following, including the amendment of certain existing debt documents to permit the following: 

First-Out First Lien Credit Facilities. STG will use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into an up to $650.0 million aggregate principal amount 

first-out first lien revolving credit facility, including a letter of credit 

sub-facility and a swing-line 

sub-facility (the 

First-Out Revolving Credit Facility). STG will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the 

First-Out Revolving Credit Facility will be offered to all eligible holders of revolving loans and commitments outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement (the Existing Revolving Credit Facility). Obligations under the Existing Revolving Credit Facility held by 

non-consenting holders that do not participate in or consent to the exchange into obligations under the 

First-Out Revolving Credit Facility will be ranked as third lien obligations under an amended credit agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement), which will amend the Existing Credit Agreement to eliminate substantially all covenants, events of default and related definitions contained therein. In the event that the net cash proceeds of any Other 

First-Out First Lien Debt (as defined below) STG anticipates borrowing (if any) on or prior to the closing date of the Transactions are not sufficient to repay in full all of the outstanding $1,175 million of aggregate principal amount of outstanding term loans 

B-2 under the Existing Credit Agreement, certain parties to the Transaction Support Agreement have made available, and STG may elect to borrow, in lieu of 

such Other 

First-Out First Lien Debt, $1,175 million aggregate principal amount of backstop 

first-out first lien term loans, which amount shall, at STGs option, be increased (solely by including such increase as additional principal) to fund any backstop fees and original issue discount (together with any new term loans 

B-5 (as described below), the 

First-Out Term Loan Facility), the proceeds of which shall be used to repay the outstanding term loans 

B-2 under the Existing Credit Agreement. The 

First-Out Revolving Credit Facility and 

First-Out Term Loan Facility will be documented under a new credit agreement (the New Credit Agreement). 

In addition, on or after the closing date of the Transactions, STG may incur other debt on a pari passu basis (as to payment and lien priority, including as to the application of proceeds with respect to, and distributions made on account of, collateral) with the 

First-Out Term Loan Facility and the 

First-Out Revolving Credit Facility, whether in the form of bonds, notes, loans or other debt instruments, and that has substantially the same collateral securing such debt as the 

First-Out Term Loan Facility and the 

First-Out Revolving Credit Facility (in each case after giving effect to any applicable transactions to merge any finance or escrow subsidiary which initially may issue such debt into STG or any guarantor(s)) (the Other 

First-Out First Lien Debt). 

Term Loan Exchanges. Holders of the approximately $714 million and $731 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding term loans 

B-3 and 

B-4, respectively, under the Existing Credit Agreement will be afforded the opportunity to refinance and/or exchange such term loans into 

second-out first lien term loans under the New Credit Agreement (the 

Second-Out Term Loan Facility), consisting of (x) approximately $714 million aggregate principal amount term loans 

B-6 maturing December 31, 2029 offered to holders of the outstanding term loans 

B-3 and (y) approximately $731 million aggregate principal amount term loans 

B-7 maturing December 31, 2030 offered to holders of the outstanding term loans 

B-4. Term loans 

B-3 and 

B-4 held by 

non-consenting holders that do not participate in or consent to the exchange into 

Second-Out Term Loan Facility will be ranked as third lien obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement, which will amend the Existing Credit Agreement to eliminate substantially all covenants, events of default and related definitions contained therein. In the event that the net cash proceeds from the incurrence of any Other 

First-Out First Lien Debt or borrowings under the 

First-Out Term Loan Facility STG elects to borrow (if any) are not sufficient to repay in full all of the outstanding $1,175 million of aggregate principal amount of outstanding term loans 

B-2 under the Existing Credit Agreement, holders thereof will be afforded the opportunity to exchange such term loans into 

first-out first lien term loans 

B-5 on a 

dollar-for-dollar basis on the same terms and conditions as the 

First-Out First Lien Term Loan Facility, other than in respect of pricing and maturity, which pricing and maturity of the new term loans 

B-5 will remain the same as under the existing term loans 

B-2.

Exchange Offer. STG will undertake an offering to all eligible holders of the Existing Secured Notes to exchange up to approximately $246 million aggregate principal amount of Existing Secured Notes for up to approximately $246 million aggregate principal amount of STGs 4.375% Senior 

Second-Out Secured Notes due 2032 (the Exchange 

Second-Out Notes) (the Exchange Offer). Certain holders of Existing Secured Notes party to the Transaction Support Agreement will not participate in the Exchange Offer and instead will participate in the transactions described under Private Exchange Offers or Private Debt Repurchase below, as applicable. 

Non-tendering holders of Existing Secured Notes will continue to hold Existing Secured Notes under the indenture related thereto, subject to amendments to release all collateral securing such Existing Secured Notes and eliminate substantially all covenants, events of default and related definitions. As amended, such Existing Secured Notes will become unsecured obligations of STG. Prior to the commencement of the Exchange Offer or in connection therewith, it is expected that the holders of Existing Secured Notes party to the Transaction Support Agreement, who represent an aggregate principal amount of the Existing Secured Notes necessary to consent to the indenture amendments described above, shall have delivered such consents. The Exchange Offer may be commenced subsequent to the closing of the other Transactions, in which event, as a condition to the consummation of the other Transactions, the holders of Existing Secured Notes party to the Transaction Support Agreement, who represent an aggregate principal amount of the Existing Secured Notes necessary to consent to the indenture amendments described above, shall have delivered such consents and such Existing Secured Notes shall have become unsecured obligations of STG. 

Private Debt Repurchase. Unless STG elects to effect the AHG Notes Exchange (as defined below), STG will purchase or redeem for cash up to $59.3 million aggregate principal amount of Existing Secured Notes at 84% of the principal amount thereof (the AHG Existing Secured Notes Purchase) and up to $104.2 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes at 97% of the principal amount thereof (the AHG 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes Purchase, and together with the AHG Existing Secured Notes Purchase, the AHG Notes Repurchase), each together with any accrued and unpaid interest, held by certain parties to the Transaction Support Agreement. 

Private Exchange Offers. STG will issue to certain holders of the Existing Secured Notes party to the Transaction Support Agreement approximately $432 million aggregate principal amount of STGs 9.75% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes due 2033 (the New Second Lien Notes) in exchange for approximately $432 million aggregate principal amount of Existing Secured Notes, with accrued and unpaid interest on the exchanged amount of Existing Secured Notes being paid in cash on the date of exchange. In addition, at STGs election, in lieu of consummating the AHG Notes Repurchase, STG may issue to certain parties to the Transaction Support Agreement (the selection of the following clauses (a) and (b) at the election of each such party) (a) additional term loans 

B-5 in exchange for such holders Existing Secured Notes at an exchange price of 84% of the aggregate principal amount thereof and/or for such holders STGs 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2027 (the 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes) at an exchange price of 97% of the aggregate principal amount thereof or (b) 4.125% 

First-Out First Lien Notes due 2030 (the AHG 4.125% 

First-Out Notes) in exchange for such holders Existing Secured Notes and/or 5.125% 

First-Out First Lien Notes due 2027 (the AHG 5.125% 

First-Out Notes, and together with the AHG 4.125% 

First-Out Notes, the AHG 

First-Out Notes) in exchange for such holders 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes, each on a dollar for dollar basis, on terms substantially consistent with the terms of the Exchange 

Second-Out Notes, other than in respect of pricing and maturity, which pricing and maturity of the AHG 4.125% 

First-Out Notes and AHG 5.125% 

First-Out Notes will remain the same as the respective pricing and maturity of the Existing Secured Notes and 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes, respectively, so exchanged except that the AHG 

First-Out Notes will include a special call feature permitting STG to repurchase the AHG 4.125% 

First-Out Notes at a price of 84% of the principal amount thereof and the AHG 5.125% 

First-Out Notes at a price of 97% of the principal amount thereof. The note exchanges in clause (b) above are referred to as the AHG Existing Secured Notes Exchange and the AHG 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes Exchange, and together, the AHG Notes Exchange. 

Private Offering of New Second Lien Notes. At its election, STG may issue up to $50 million aggregate principal amount of New Second Lien Notes to one or more purchasers for cash. 

The net proceeds from the incurrence of Other 

First-Out First Lien Debt or borrowings under the 

First-Out Term Loan Facility STG elects to borrow (if any), the net proceeds of any issuance of New Second Lien Notes for cash, and cash and/or draws under the Existing Revolving Credit Facility or the 

First-Out Revolving Credit Facility will be used to repay all of the outstanding $1,175 million of aggregate principal amount outstanding under our term loans 

B-2, to consummate the AHG Notes Repurchase (unless STG elects to effect the AHG Notes Exchange), and to pay related fees and expenses related to the Transactions. 

The closing of the Transactions is conditioned on the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions precedent, including finalizing definitive documents consistent with the TSA, receipt of the requisite consents from lenders under the 

Existing Credit Agreement and holders of Existing Secured Notes, and satisfaction or waiver of the conditions described in the TSA. 

This Current Report on Form 

8-K does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor a solicitation of consents from any holders of securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities or solicitation of consents in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Any solicitation or offer will only be made pursuant to a separate disclosure statement distributed to the relevant holders of securities. 

The foregoing description of the Transaction Support Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Transaction Support Agreement, which is furnished herewith as Exhibit 10.1. 

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. 

The execution of the Transaction Support Agreement resulted from discussions among the Company and its advisors, on the one hand, and certain lenders of the Existing Term Loan Facility (the Lenders), holders of Existing Secured Notes (the Noteholders, and together with the Lenders, the Holders), and their respective advisors, on the other hand, pursuant to 

non-disclosure agreements (the Transaction Discussions). In connection with the Transaction Discussions, the Company has provided the Holders with certain pro forma financial projections reflecting the consummation of the Transactions, among other assumptions set forth therein, including estimated L8QA Adjusted EBITDA as of December 31, 2024, which is Consolidated EBITDA as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement less management and incentive fees for services provided by our Local Media segment to Diamond Sports Groups Bally Sports RSNs over the eight consecutive quarters ended December 31, 2024 divided by two. A pro forma STG capitalization table reflecting the consummation of the Transactions is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1. In addition, on January 14, 2025, the Company issued a press release disclosing the events described in Item 1.01 above. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2. 

Any financial projections or forecasts disclosed in the Transaction Discussions were not prepared with a view toward public disclosure or compliance with the published guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Commission or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants regarding projections or forecasts. The projections do not purport to present Sinclairs or SBGs financial condition in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Sinclairs and SBGs independent accountants have not examined, compiled or otherwise applied procedures to the projections and, accordingly, do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect to the projections. The inclusion of the projections herein should not be regarded as an indication that Sinclair, SBG or their representatives consider the projections to be a reliable prediction of future events, and the projections should not be relied upon as such. Neither Sinclair, SBG nor any of their representatives has made or makes any representation to any person regarding the ultimate outcome of the Transactions compared to the projections, and none of them undertakes any obligation to publicly update the projections to reflect circumstances existing after the date when the projections were made or to reflect the occurrence of future events, even in the event that any or all of the assumptions underlying the projections are shown to be in error. 

The information furnished in this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 hereto, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference in any filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The filing of this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 

8-K shall not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information herein that is required to be disclosed solely by reason of Regulation FD. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The matters discussed in this Current Report include forward-looking statements regarding, among other things, future events and actions. When used in this news release, the words outlook, intends to, believes, anticipates, expects, achieves, estimates, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results in the future could differ materially and adversely from those described in the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to, and in addition to any assumptions set forth in such statements: (i) the Companys inability to consummate the Transactions contemplated by the Transaction Support Agreement as scheduled or at all or otherwise deleverage and repay, refinance, or otherwise address its debt maturities in an amount or on the timeline it expects, or at all; and (ii) any risk factors set forth in Sinclairs and SBGs recent reports on Form 

10-Q and/or Form 

10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. There can be no assurances that the assumptions and other factors referred to in this Current Report will occur. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements except as required by law. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2025, by and among Sinclair Television Group, Inc. and the Holders identified therein 

99.1 Pro Forma Capitalization Table 

99.2 Press release dated January 14, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

SINCLAIR, INC. 

SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP, LLC 

By: 

/s/ David R. Bochenek

Name: David R. Bochenek

Title: Senior Vice President / Chief Accounting Officer

Dated: January 14, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d791660dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit No. 10.1 

Execution Version 

Certain portions of this
exhibit (indicated by 

[*****]) have been omitted pursuant to 

Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K 

THIS TRANSACTION
SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES. ANY SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION WILL COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT SHALL BE AN ADMISSION OF FACT OR LIABILITY OR,
UNTIL THE OCCURRENCE OF THE TSA EFFECTIVE DATE ON THE TERMS DESCRIBED HEREIN, DEEMED BINDING ON ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO. 

THIS TRANSACTION
SUPPORT AGREEMENT DOES NOT PURPORT TO SUMMARIZE ALL OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND OTHER PROVISIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN, WHICH TRANSACTIONS WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE GOOD FAITH NEGOTIATION,
EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS CONSISTENT IN ALL MATERIAL RESPECTS WITH THIS TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE ATTACHED TERM SHEET, AND THE CLOSING OF THE TRANSACTIONS SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH
IN SUCH DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS. 

TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT 

This TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT (as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, and
any other exhibits, schedules, or annexes attached hereto or thereto), this Agreement), dated as of January 12, 2025, is entered into by and among the following parties:1

(a) Sinclair Television Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (STG), and each of its Affiliates listed on Schedule 1
hereto, who are guarantors under the Existing Loan Documents (together with STG, collectively, the Company); 

(b) the
undersigned holders of, or investment or collateral advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of funds or accounts that hold, Term Loan Claims that have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to this Agreement, a Joinder, or a Transfer
Agreement to counsel to the Company (the Persons in this clause (b), collectively, the Consenting Term Lenders, and to the extent identified as backstop parties on their signature pages to this Agreement,
collectively, the Backstop Parties); and 

1 

Capitalized terms used but not defined in the preamble and recitals of this Agreement have the meanings
ascribed to them in Section 1 of this Agreement. 

(c) the undersigned holders of, or investment or collateral advisors, sub-advisors, or
managers of funds or accounts that hold 4.125% Secured Notes Claims that have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to this Agreement, a Joinder, or a Transfer Agreement to counsel to the Company (the Persons in this clause
(c) collectively, the Consenting Noteholders; and the Consenting Noteholders together with the Consenting Term Lenders, the Consenting Creditors). 

All Persons that are party to this Agreement or that become a party to this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof are referred to as
the Parties and individually as a Party. 

Recitals 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Consenting Creditors have in good faith and at arms-length negotiated and agreed to
implement certain transactions with respect to the Companys capital structure consistent with and on the terms set forth in this Agreement, including the term sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A (together with any schedules,
annexes, and exhibits attached thereto, and as may be modified in accordance with the terms thereof and Section 13 hereof, the Term Sheet, and the transactions described in the Term Sheet, together with
any and all other transactions consummated in connection with, or relating to, any of the foregoing, collectively, the Transactions); and 

WHEREAS, the Parties agree that this Agreement, including all exhibits attached hereto (including the Term Sheet), and the Transactions
contemplated thereby, are the product of arms-length and good-faith negotiations among all of the Parties. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Party, intending to be legally bound hereby,
agrees as follows: 

Agreement 

Section 1. Definitions and Interpretation. 

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Term Sheet. In addition, as used in
this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 

(a) 

4.125% Secured Noteholders means the holders of 4.125% Secured Notes Claims.

(b) 

4.125% Secured Notes Claims means all claims held by the 4.125% Secured Noteholders derived
from, based upon, or secured pursuant to the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture, including any aggregate in principal amount outstanding, plus all interest, fees, expenses, costs, and other charges arising under or related to the Obligations (as defined
in the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture). 

2 

(c) 

4.125% Secured Notes Indenture means that certain Indenture (as in effect on the date
hereof) for the 4.125% Senior Secured Notes due 2030, dated as of December 4, 2020, among STG, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent.

(d) 

4.125% Secured Notes Trustee means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as
successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent under the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture. 

(e) 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person controlled by, controlling or
under common control with such Person. As used in this definition, control (including, with its correlative meanings, controlling, controlled by and under common control
with) shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities, by contract or otherwise). 

(f) 

Ad Hoc Group means the ad hoc group of Consenting Creditors, as may be reconstituted from
time to time, represented by Milbank. 

(g) 

Ad Hoc Group Advisors means, together, Milbank and Perella. 

(h) 

Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent under
the Existing Credit Agreement. 

(i) 

AHG 4.125% First-Out Indenture means the indenture which may be entered into in connection
with the consummation of the Transactions to govern the Existing Secured Notes that are exchanged by members of the Ad Hoc Group into AHG 4.125% First-Out Notes in the AHG First-Out Notes Exchange, by and among STG, as issuer, and one or more agents
to be agreed, as trustee and notes collateral agent. 

(j) 

AHG 5.125% First-Out Indenture means the indenture which may be entered into in connection
with the consummation of the Transactions to govern the Existing 2017 Unsecured Notes that are exchanged by members of the Ad Hoc Group into AHG 5.125% First-Out Notes in the AHG First-Out Notes Exchange, by and among STG, as issuer, and one or more
agents to be agreed, as trustee and notes collateral agent. 

(k) 

Alternative Transaction means any reorganization (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a
transaction premised on an asset sale or a chapter 11 plan other than one that implements the Transactions, or otherwise), financing, refinancing, proposal, offer, dissolution, winding up, liquidation, reorganization, merger, consolidation, business
combination, joint venture, partnership, sale of all or substantially all assets, recapitalization, or restructuring in any jurisdiction anywhere in the world 

3 

for any entity of the Company in each case that is an alternative to the Transactions, other than (i) the offering, solicitation, negotiation and incurrence of the Other First Out First Lien
Debt, the proceeds of which are used to consummate the TLB-2 Refinancing on either the Initial Closing Date or the Subsequent Closing Date, (ii) intercompany transactions between or among the Company and Sinclair and/or any of their respective
subsidiaries in the ordinary course and consistent with past practice, and (iii) ordinary course revolving borrowings under the Existing Credit Agreement and transactions not prohibited under the Existing Funded Debt Documents (and not
constituting an alternative to the Transactions). 

(l) 

Backstop Funding Notice Deadline shall have the meaning specified in
Section 5(a)(vii) hereto. 

(m) 

Business Day means any day other than a day which is a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday on
which banks in the City of New York are authorized or obligated by Law to close. 

(n) 

Causes of Action means any and all claims, interests, damages, remedies, causes of action,
demands, rights, actions, suits, obligations, liabilities, accounts, defenses, offsets, powers, privileges, licenses, liens, indemnities, guaranties, or franchises of any kind or character whatsoever, whether known or unknown, foreseen or
unforeseen, arising before or on the Initial Closing Date, contingent or non-contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, assertable, directly or derivatively, matured or unmatured, suspected or unsuspected, in contract, tort, law,
equity, or otherwise. 

(o) 

[*****] means [*****] or any Person for which it acts as investment advisor or manager.

(p) 

Claims means any and all claims against the Company, including the Creditor Claims, and/or
the Other Claims. 

(q) 

Closing Date means, as the context may require, the Initial Closing Date or the Subsequent
Closing Date. 

(r) 

Company has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. 

(s) 

Consent Solicitations means the consents described in the Term Sheet under the heading
Exit Consents in each applicable section of the Term Sheet. 

(t) 

Consent Threshold means (a) Term Lenders holding no less than 79.5% (or such lower
percentage that is not lower than 50.1% that the Company may elect) of the aggregate principal amount of, collectively, (A) Revolving Exposures (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), (B) Term Loan Claims, and (C) unused
Commitments (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) (exclusive of Swingline Commitments (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement)) under the Existing Credit Agreement, and (b) 4.125% Secured Noteholders holding no less than 66.67% of
the aggregate principal amount of 4.125% Secured Notes Claims under the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture, in each case, shall have submitted and not withdrawn all requisite signature pages and consents to the Transactions. 

4 

(u) 

Consenting Creditors has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

(v) 

Consenting Noteholders has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

(w) 

Consenting Term Lenders has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

(x) 

Covered Claims means, with respect to any Consenting Creditor, those Claims over which such
Consenting Creditor has investment authority to cause to participate in the Transactions. 

(y) 

Covered Affiliate means, with respect to any Consenting Creditor, each Affiliate of such
Consenting Creditor over which such Consenting Creditor has the authority to cause to participate in the Transactions. 

(z) 

Creditor Claims means the 4.125% Secured Notes Claims and the Term Loan Claims.

(aa) 

Definitive Documents means all documents (including any other related agreements,
instruments, schedules, or exhibits) that are contemplated by this Agreement (including the Term Sheet) or that may otherwise be necessary to implement, or otherwise relate to the Transactions, including the applicable Definitive Loan Documents and
the applicable Definitive Notes Documents, which Definitive Documents must be consistent in all material respects with the Term Sheet and this Agreement and shall otherwise be (A) in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company
and (B) in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Consenting Creditors, it being agreed that the exhibits attached hereto (including the Term Sheet) are acceptable to the Parties. 

(bb) 

Definitive Loan Documents means the First Lien Credit Agreement and the Third Lien Credit
Agreement, together with any related notes, certificates, agreements, security agreements, guarantees, priority, waterfall, subordination or other intercreditor provisions or agreements and any other related documents, agreements, instruments, term
sheets, schedules or exhibits. 

(cc) 

Definitive Notes Documents means the Second Out First Lien Indenture, the Second Lien
Indenture, the AHG 4.125% First-Out Indenture, the AHG 5.125% First-Out Indenture and Supplemental Indenture No. 1, together with any related notes, certificates, agreements, security agreements, guarantees, priority, waterfall, subordination
or other intercreditor provisions or agreements and any other related documents, agreements, instruments, term sheets, schedules or exhibits. 

5 

(dd) 

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, (i) any capital stock (including
common stock and preferred stock), limited liability company interests, partnership interests, or other equity, ownership, beneficial, or profits interests of such Person, and (ii) any options, warrants, securities, stock appreciation rights,
phantom units, incentives, commitments, calls, redemption rights, repurchase rights, or other agreements, arrangements, or rights of any kind that are convertible into, exercisable, or exchangeable for, or otherwise permit any Person to acquire, any
capital stock (including common stock and preferred stock), limited liability company interests, partnership interests, or other equity, ownership, beneficial, or profits interests of such Person. 

(ee) 

Exchange Offers means the Term Loan Exchanges, the Existing Secured Notes Exchange, the
Identified Holder Existing Secured Notes Exchange and the AHG First-Out Note Exchanges described in the Term Sheet under the heading Transactions Overview. 

(ff) 

Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
(as in effect on the date hereof), dated as of August 23, 2019, among STG, as borrower, the guarantor parties thereto, the Agent and the Lenders (as defined therein). 

(gg) 

Existing Debt means the Existing Term Loans and the Existing Secured Notes.

(hh) 

Existing Funded Debt Documents means the Existing Credit Agreement and the 4.125% Secured
Notes Indenture. 

(ii) 

Existing Loan Documents means, collectively, the Existing Credit Agreement, the other
Loan Documents (as defined therein), and all documents and agreements executed in connection therewith (in each case, as in existence on the date hereof). 

(jj) 

First Lien Credit Agreement means one or more credit agreements to be entered into in
connection with the consummation of the Transactions to govern the applicable First Out First Lien Credit Facilities and the Second Out First Lien Term Loans, by and among STG, as borrower, the guarantor parties thereto, the Agent and the Lenders
(as defined in the First Lien Credit Agreement). 

(kk) 

Governmental Entity means any applicable federal, state, local or foreign government or any
agency, bureau, board, commission, court or arbitral body, department, political subdivision, regulatory or administrative authority, tribunal or other instrumentality thereof, or any self-regulatory organization. 

(ll) 

Initial Closing Date means the first date upon which the incurrence of Other First Out First
Lien Debt (solely to the extent the Company incurs such indebtedness) or the First Out First Lien Term Loan (solely to the extent the Company elects to borrow under the Backstop Commitment on the Initial Closing Date), the TLB-3 Exchange, the TLB-4
Exchange, and the Identified Holder Existing Secured Notes 

6 

Exchange are consummated and (x) to the extent the TLB-2 Refinancing will be consummated on the Initial Closing Date, the AHG Bond Repurchases are consummated or (y) to the extent the
TLB-2 Refinancing will not be consummated on the Initial Closing Date, the TLB-2 Exchange and either, at the Companys election, (i) the AHG First-Out Notes Exchanges or (ii) the AHG Bond Repurchases are consummated, as further
described in the Term Sheet. 

(mm) 

Interests means any Equity Interests in the Company. 

(nn) 

Involuntary Proceeding means the commencement of an involuntary case against the Company
under title 7 or title 11 of the United States Code. 

(oo) 

Joinder Agreement means a joinder agreement substantially in the form of the joinder
agreement attached to this Agreement as Exhibit C. 

(pp) 

Law means, in any applicable jurisdiction, any applicable statute or law (including common
law), ordinance, rule, treaty, code or regulation and any decree, injunction, judgment, order, ruling, assessment, writ or other legal requirement, in any such case, of any applicable Governmental Entity. 

(qq) 

Milbank means Milbank LLP, as counsel to the Ad Hoc Group. 

(rr) 

Olshan means Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP, as counsel to [*****]. 

(ss) 

Other Claims means any and all Claims against the Company or any of their Affiliates, other
than any Creditor Claims. 

(tt) 

Outside Date means fifteen (15) Business Days after the Backstop Funding Notice
Deadline, as may be extended by agreement between the Requisite Consenting Creditors and the Company. 

(uu) 

Perella means Perella Weinberg Partners LP, as financial advisor to the Ad Hoc Group.

(vv) 

Perella Fee Letter means the letter dated January 12, 2025, among Perella, Milbank and
the Company. 

(ww) 

Permitted Transfer means a transfer of any Creditor Claim that meets the requirements of
Section 6. 

(xx) 

Permitted Transferee means each transferee of any Creditor Claim who meets the requirements
of Section 6. 

(yy) 

Person means an individual, a partnership, a joint venture, a limited liability company, a
corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, a group, a Governmental Entity, or any legal entity or association. 

7 

(zz) 

Qualified Marketmaker means an entity that (i) holds itself out to the market as
standing ready in the ordinary course of business to purchase from and sell to customers Creditor Claims, or enter with customers into long and/or short positions in Creditor Claims, in its capacity as a dealer or market maker in such Creditor
Claims, and (ii) is in fact regularly in the business of making a market in claims, interests and/or securities of issuers or borrowers. 

(aaa) 

Receiver Order means a ruling, judgment or order that appoints, or that authorizes or
permits, the taking of possession by, a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Company or the property or assets of the Company. 

(bbb) 

Related Fund means, with respect to a Consenting Creditor, any fund, account, or investment
vehicle that is controlled, advised, sub-advised and/or managed by (i) such Consenting Creditor, (ii) an Affiliate of such Consenting Creditor, or (iii) an investment or collateral advisor, sub-advisor, manager, or other similar
entity with respect to such Consenting Creditor or any Affiliate of such investment manager, advisor, sub-advisor, or other similar entity, in each case, to the extent that such entity can be legally bound to this Agreement. 

(ccc) 

Released Party means each of the following, solely in its capacity as such: (i) the
Company; (ii) the Consenting Creditors; (iii) with respect to each of the foregoing Persons in clauses (i) and (ii), each of such Persons current and former Affiliates; and (iv) with respect to each of the foregoing Persons
in clauses (i) through (iii), each of such Persons Representatives. 

(ddd) 

Releasing Party means each of the following, solely in its capacity as such: (i) the
Company; (ii) the Consenting Creditors; (iii) the Companys current and former Affiliates; and (iv) with respect to each of the foregoing Persons in clauses (i) through (iii), each of such Persons Representatives.

(eee) 

Representatives means, with respect to any Person, such Persons current and former
directors, managers, officers, principals, members, partners, limited partners, general partners, managed accounts or funds, fund advisors, investment advisors, collateral advisors, investment managers, investment vehicles, investors, employees,
equity holders (regardless of whether such interests are held directly or indirectly), predecessors, successors, assigns, subsidiaries, agents, advisory board members, financial advisors, attorneys, accountants, independent contractors, investment
bankers, consultants, industry advisors, operational advisors, representatives and other professionals. 

(fff) 

Requisite Consenting Creditors means, as of any date of determination, the Consenting
Creditors who own or control as of such date at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the following clauses combined: (i) Term Loan Claims that are Covered Claims owned or controlled by all of the members of the Ad Hoc Group in
the aggregate as of such date and (ii) 4.125% Secured Note 

8 

Claims that are Covered Claims owned or controlled by [*****] in the aggregate as of such date; provided that the Requisite Consenting Creditors must include holders of at least a majority of the
aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan Claims that are owned or controlled by all of the members of the Steering Committee at such date of determination. 

(ggg) 

Revolving Lenders means the Revolving Lenders under and as defined in the
Existing Credit Agreement. 

(hhh) 

SBG means Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company.

(iii) 

Second Lien Indenture means the indenture to be entered into in connection with the
consummation of the Transactions to govern the Second Lien Notes, by and among STG, as issuer, and one or more agents to be agreed, as trustee and notes collateral agent. 

(jjj) 

Second Out First Lien Indenture means the indenture to be entered into in connection with
the consummation of the Transactions to govern the Second Out First Lien Notes, by and among STG, as issuer, and one or more agents to be agreed, as trustee and notes collateral agent. 

(kkk) 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and including any rule or
regulation promulgated thereunder. 

(lll) 

Sinclair means Sinclair, Inc., a Maryland corporation. 

(mmm) 

Steering Committee means the Consenting Creditors listed in the schedules hereto.

(nnn) 

Subsequent Closing Date means the date following the Initial Closing Date upon which the
First Out First Lien Term Loan (solely to the extent the Company elects to borrow under the Backstop Commitment after the Initial Closing Date) and/or the TLB-2 Refinancing is consummated, and, to the extent the AHG First-Out Notes Exchanges
occurred on the Initial Closing Date, the AHG Bond Repurchases are consummated, as further described in the Term Sheet. 

(ooo) 

Supplemental Indenture No. 1 means the Supplemental Indenture No. 1 to the 4.125%
Secured Notes Indenture to be entered into in connection with the consummation of the Transactions. 

(ppp) 

Support Period means, with respect to any Party, the period commencing on the TSA Effective
Date applicable to such Party and ending on the date on which this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 7. 

(qqq) 

Term Lenders means the Term Lenders under and as defined in the Existing Credit
Agreement. 

9 

(rrr) 

Term Loan Claims means all claims held by the Term Lenders derived from, based upon, or
secured pursuant to the Existing Loan Documents, including the aggregate principal amount outstanding, plus all interest, fees, expenses, costs, and other charges arising under or related to the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Existing Credit
Agreement). 

(sss) 

Term Sheet has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

(ttt) 

Third Lien Credit Agreement means the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended, restated or
otherwise modified in connection with the consummation of the Transactions. 

(uuu) 

Transactions has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.

(vvv) 

Transfer means to sell, resell, reallocate, use, pledge, assign, transfer, hypothecate,
participate (other than participations where the transferee thereof does not acquire any voting or investment control), donate, or otherwise encumber or dispose of, directly or indirectly (including through derivatives, options, swaps, pledges,
forward sales, or other transactions). 

(www) 

Transfer Agreement means a transfer agreement substantially in the form of the transfer
agreement attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B. 

(xxx) 

Transferee has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 6.

(yyy) 

TSA Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.

The Term Sheet is expressly incorporated herein by reference and made part of this Agreement as if fully set forth
herein. The Term Sheet sets forth the material terms and conditions of the Transactions; provided, however, the Term Sheet is supplemented by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and is subject to completion of the Definitive
Documents in all respects. 

Section 2. Effectiveness. 

This Agreement shall become effective and binding on the Parties on the date (the TSA Effective Date) that all
of the following conditions have been satisfied or waived in accordance with this Agreement:

(a) STG (on behalf of the
Company) shall have executed and delivered a counterpart signature page of this Agreement to counsel to each of the Parties; 

(b) the
Consenting Term Lenders holding in the aggregate at least 79.5% of the Term Loan Claims shall have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages of this Agreement to counsel to the Company; provided, that signature pages executed by
Consenting Term Lenders shall be delivered to (i) other Consenting Creditors in a redacted form that removes such Consenting Term Lenders holdings of Term Loan Claims, and (ii) the Company, the advisors to

10 

the Company, and (solely with respect to members of the Ad Hoc Group and on a professional eyes only basis) the Ad Hoc Group Advisors in an unredacted form; provided, further, that
such recipients shall not disclose the unredacted signature pages other than as provided hereby and shall keep such unredacted signature pages in strict confidence, except as required by law; 

(c) the Consenting Noteholders holding in the aggregate at least 74.8% of the 4.125% Secured Notes Claims shall have executed and delivered
counterpart signature pages of this Agreement to counsel to the Company in respect of their 4.125% Secured Notes Claims that constitute Covered Claims; provided, that signature pages executed by Consenting Noteholders shall be delivered to
(i) other Consenting Creditors in a redacted form that removes such Consenting Noteholders holdings of 4.125% Secured Notes Claims, and (ii) the Company, the advisors to the Company, and (solely with respect to members of the Ad Hoc
Group and on a professional eyes only basis) the Ad Hoc Group Advisors in an unredacted form; provided, further, that such recipients shall not disclose the unredacted signature pages other than as provided hereby and shall keep such unredacted
signature pages in strict confidence, except as required by law; and 

(d) the Company shall have paid all reasonable and documented fees
and out of pocket expenses of Milbank and all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses of Perella required to be paid or reimbursed by the Company pursuant to the Perella Fee Letter, in each case for which an invoice has been received by the
Company on or before the date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the TSA Effective Date. 

This Agreement shall be effective from
the TSA Effective Date until validly terminated pursuant to the terms set forth in Section 7. To the extent that a signatory to this Agreement holds, as of the date hereof or thereafter, multiple Claims or Interests in the Company, such
Party shall be deemed to have executed this Agreement in its respective capacity as a holder of all such Claims and Interests as is provided for herein and solely to the extent provided herein, and this Agreement shall apply severally to such Party
with respect to each such Claim or Interest held by such Party. 

For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement may be executed by
(i) any fund or account that has investment authority over Covered Claims or (ii) an investment or collateral advisor, sub-advisor, manager or other similar entity with respect to such fund or account with equal effect. 

Section 3. Definitive Documents. 

The Definitive Documents remain subject to negotiation in good faith and shall, upon completion, contain terms, conditions, representations,
warranties, and covenants consistent in all material respects with the Term Sheet and this Agreement, as may be modified, amended, or supplemented pursuant to Section 13 hereof. 

11 

Section 4. Agreements of the Consenting Creditors. 

(a) 

Transaction Support. During the Support Period, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each
Consenting Creditor agrees, severally and not jointly, with respect to all Covered Claims held, that it shall (and shall cause its Covered Affiliates to): 

(i) 

solely in respect of the Backstop Parties, fund, on the Initial Closing Date or the Subsequent Closing Date as
set forth in the applicable Backstop Funding Notice (provided that such date is not later than the Outside Date), the aggregate principal amount of the First Out First Lien Term Loan set forth opposite such Consenting Creditors name on
Schedule 2 hereto (provided that, at STGs option, such amount shall be increased by an amount necessary to fund such Backstop Partys pro rata portion of any TLB-5 Increase, it being agreed that the Backstop Parties shall not be obligated
to fund the TLB-5 Increase in cash but rather may fund the TLB-5 Increase by including such amount as additional principal under the TLB-5), subject only to the conditions set forth in Section 10 (the Backstop
Commitment); 

(ii) 

tender or exchange, as applicable (or use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be tendered or exchanged,
as applicable), into the applicable Exchange Offers and consent (or use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be consented) in the applicable Consent Solicitations, and take all such other actions reasonably necessary to participate in and
consent to the applicable Exchange Offers and applicable Consent Solicitations with respect to all of its Existing Debt that constitutes Covered Claims, in accordance with the applicable procedures set forth in the Exchange Offers and Consent
Solicitations, in any event prior to the deadlines set forth in the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations or any Definitive Documents relating thereto; 

(iii) 

negotiate in good faith the applicable Definitive Documents consistent in all material respects with the Term
Sheet and this Agreement; 

(iv) 

execute, deliver, perform its obligations under, implement, and consummate the transactions contemplated by the
applicable Definitive Documents that are consistent in all material respects with the Term Sheet and this Agreement to which it is required to be a party; 

(v) 

use commercially reasonable efforts to support and take all commercially reasonable actions necessary or
reasonably requested by the Company to facilitate the consummation of the Transactions in accordance with the terms, conditions, and applicable deadlines set forth in this Agreement and the Term Sheet; 

(vi) 

use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain additional support for the Transactions (in the form of Joinder
Agreements) from holders of Creditor Claims that are not Consenting Creditors as is necessary for purposes of satisfying the Consent Threshold; and 

12 

(vii) 

give any customary notice, order, instruction, indemnity or direction to the Agent or the 4.125% Secured Notes
Trustee necessary to give effect to the Transactions; provided that any indemnity shall be limited to an indemnity reasonably requested by the 4.125% Secured Notes Trustee (if any) for breaches of such Consenting Creditors individual
representations and warranties set forth in any consent reasonably requested by the 4.125% Secured Notes Trustee). 

Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein or in the Term Sheet, no Consenting Creditor or any of its Covered Affiliates shall be required to
incur, assume, become liable in respect of, or suffer to exist any expenses, liabilities, or other obligations, or agree to or become bound by any commitments, undertakings, concessions, indemnities, or other arrangements that could result in
expenses, liabilities, or other obligations to such Consenting Creditor or Covered Affiliate. 

(b) 

Negative Commitments. 

(i) 

During the Support Period, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Consenting Creditor agrees,
severally, and not jointly, in respect of all Covered Claims held, that it shall not, and shall cause its Covered Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly: 

(A) 

object to, delay, impede, or take any other action to interfere with acceptance, implementation, or
consummation of the Transactions; 

(B) 

solicit, initiate, encourage, propose, or otherwise agree to, support, endorse, or approve any Alternative
Transaction; 

(C) 

initiate, or have initiated on its behalf, any litigation or proceeding of any kind with respect to this
Agreement or the Transactions contemplated herein against the Company or the other Parties other than to enforce this Agreement or any Definitive Document or as otherwise permitted under this Agreement; 

(D) 

exercise, or direct any other Person to exercise, any right or remedy for the enforcement, collection, or
recovery of any Claims against the Company; 

(E) 

object to, delay, impede, or take any other action to interfere with the Companys ownership and
possession of their assets, wherever located; 

(F) 

provide direction or otherwise cause the Agent or the 4.125% Secured Notes Trustee to object to, delay, impede
or take any other action to oppose or interfere, directly or indirectly, in any material respect with the approval, acceptance or implementation of the Transactions; 

13 

(G) 

direct the Agent or the 4.125% Secured Notes Trustee, as the case may be, to take any action nor solicit,
encourage, or support any other person to take any action inconsistent with such Consenting Creditors obligations under this Agreement; 

(H) 

(A) take any action, directly or indirectly, that would reasonably be expected to prevent, interfere with,
materially delay, or impede the consummation of the Transactions; (B) directly or indirectly propose, file, support, vote for, consent to, or take any other action in furtherance of the negotiation of any Alternative Transaction; or
(C) direct, or direct any other person to, take any action that would, or would reasonably be expected to, breach this Agreement, or object to, or materially and intentionally delay, or take any other negative action, directly or indirectly, to
interfere with the implementation of the Transactions; or 

(I) 

direct, or direct any other person to, exercise any right or remedy for the enforcement, collection, or
recovery of any of the Creditor Claims against the Company, including in connection with any payment obligations of the Company under the Existing Funded Debt Documents that come due during the Support Period or would, as the result of an
enforcement of rights or remedies, come due, other than (i) in accordance with this Agreement and/or the Definitive Documents or (ii) in connection with (a) any regularly scheduled interest payments or (b) mandatory prepayments;

provided, however, nothing herein shall limit (i) the rights and remedies of the Consenting Creditors or any of
their Covered Affiliates under this Agreement or (ii) the ability of the Consenting Creditors or any of their Covered Affiliates to participate in the incurrence of any Other First Out First Lien Debt as a lender or investor. 

Section 5. Agreements of the Company. 

(a) 

Transaction Support. During the Support Period, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
the Company agrees that it shall: 

(i) 

negotiate in good faith the applicable Definitive Documents consistent in all material respects with the Term
Sheet and this Agreement; 

(ii) 

execute, deliver, perform its obligations under, implement, and consummate the transactions contemplated by the
applicable Definitive Documents that are consistent in all material respects with the Term Sheet and this Agreement to which it is required to be a party; 

(iii) 

use commercially reasonable efforts to support and take all commercially reasonable actions necessary or
reasonably requested by the Consenting Creditors to facilitate the consummation of the Transactions in accordance with the terms, conditions, and applicable deadlines set forth in this Agreement, the Term Sheet and the other Definitive Documents, as
applicable; 

14 

(iv) 

complete the preparation, as soon as reasonably practicable after the TSA Effective Date, of each of the
Definitive Documents necessary to implement the Transactions under Section 3 and subject to and in accordance with Section 3, obtain the written consent (email from applicable counsel being sufficient) of the Requisite
Consenting Creditors to the form and substance of each of the Definitive Documents as required hereunder; 

(v) 

notify the Ad Hoc Group Advisors within two (2) Business Days after obtaining actual knowledge thereof of
(A) any breach by the Company in any respect of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or covenants set forth in this Agreement or any other Definitive Document; or (B) the happening or existence of any event that shall have
made any of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 10 herein incapable of being satisfied prior to the Outside Date; 

(vi) 

support and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any and all required regulatory and/or third-party
approvals to consummate the Transactions; 

(vii) 

if it wishes to exercise the right to require the Backstop Parties to fund all of their Backstop Commitments,
give notice (the Backstop Funding Notice) to such Backstop Parties of such exercise in accordance with Section 21 to the Backstop Parties of such election at or before 11:59 p.m. (Eastern time) on the date that is
eight (8) weeks after the TSA Effective Date (such date and time, the Backstop Funding Notice Deadline). Any closing of the funding of the Backstop Commitments, which amounts may be reduced as described in the Term Sheet
under First Out First Lien Credit Facilities Facility Size, shall occur no later than the Outside Date. The Backstop Commitments will expire as of immediately after the Backstop Funding Notice Deadline if no Backstop Funding
Notice is given with respect to all then outstanding Backstop Commitments by the Backstop Funding Notice Deadline; and 

(viii) 

if requested by a Backstop Party, (A) cause JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., an affiliate thereof, or a
comparable national financial institution (such institution, the Fronting Bank), to fund, subject to compliance with applicable law, solely for the purpose of facilitating the Transactions, all of such Backstop Partys
Backstop Commitment as set forth in the Backstop Funding Notice for a period of no less than forty-eight (48) hours and (B) pay any fees required to obtain such services from the Fronting Bank. 

15 

(b) 

Negative Commitments. 

(i) 

During the Support Period, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Company shall not, without the prior
written consent of the Requisite Consenting Creditors directly or indirectly: 

(A) 

object to, delay, impede, or take any other action to interfere with acceptance, implementation, or
consummation of the Transactions; 

(B) 

take any action that is inconsistent in any material respect with, or is intended to frustrate or impede
approval, implementation, and consummation of the Transactions described in, this Agreement; 

(C) 

consummate the Transactions unless each of the conditions to the consummation of the Transactions set forth in
this Agreement and/or the Definitive Documents have been satisfied (or waived by the applicable Persons in accordance with Section 13); and 

(D) 

announce publicly, or announce to any of the Parties or other holders of Claims and Interests, its intention
not to support the Transactions or solicit, initiate, encourage, or propose any Alternative Transaction or take any other action in the negotiation of any Alternative Transaction; 

provided, however, nothing herein shall limit the rights and remedies of the Company under Section 7 and Section 15 of this
Agreement. 

Section 6. Transfer of Interests and Securities

(a) 

During the Support Period, no Consenting Creditor shall Transfer any ownership (including any beneficial
ownership as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) in any Covered Claims to any party, unless: (i) the transferee executes and delivers to counsel to the Company, at
or before closing of the proposed Transfer, a Transfer Agreement, or (ii) the transferee is a Consenting Creditor and the transferee provides notice of such Transfer (including the amount and type of Creditor Claim Transferred) to counsel to
the Company at or before the time of the proposed Transfer, it being understood that any such transferee, as a Consenting Creditor already, will be bound to support the Transactions with those acquired holdings as well. In addition, any Backstop
Party may Transfer all or a portion of its Backstop Commitments to another Consenting Creditor that is a Backstop Party, or, with the prior written consent of the Company, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, condition or delayed, to
(i) Affiliates or Related Funds of such Consenting Creditor or (ii) to any other party. 

16 

(b) 

Upon compliance with the requirements of Section 6(a), (i) the transferor shall be deemed to
relinquish its rights (and be released from its obligations) under this Agreement to the extent of the rights and obligations in respect of such transferred Covered Claims and (ii) the transferee shall be deemed to be a Consenting Creditor
under this Agreement with respect to such transferred Covered Claims. Any Transfer in violation of Section 6(a) shall be deemed null and void ab initio and of no force or effect until such a Transfer Agreement is executed and
effective. 

(c) 

This Agreement shall in no way be construed to preclude the Consenting Creditors from acquiring additional
Creditor Claims; provided, however, that (i) such additional Creditor Claims shall automatically and immediately upon acquisition by a Consenting Creditor be deemed subject to the terms of this Agreement (regardless of when or whether
notice of such acquisition is given to counsel to the Company or counsel to the Consenting Creditors) and (ii) such Consenting Creditor must provide notice of such acquisition (including the amount and type of Creditor Claim acquired) to
counsel to the Company within five (5) Business Days after such acquisition. 

(d) 

This Section 6 shall not impose any obligation on the Company to issue any cleansing
letter or otherwise publicly disclose information for the purpose of enabling a Consenting Creditor to Transfer any of its Creditor Claims. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent the Company and another Party have
entered into a confidentiality agreement, the terms of such confidentiality agreement shall continue to apply and remain in full force and effect according to its terms, and this Agreement does not supersede any rights or obligations otherwise
arising under such confidentiality agreements. 

(e) 

Notwithstanding Section 6(a), a Qualified Marketmaker that acquires any Creditor Claims with the
purpose and intent of acting as a Qualified Marketmaker for such Creditor Claims shall not be required to execute and deliver a Transfer Agreement in respect of such Creditor Claims if: (i) such Qualified Marketmaker subsequently transfers such
Creditor Claims (by purchase, sale assignment, participation, or otherwise) within five (5) Business Days of its acquisition to a transferee that is an entity that is not an affiliate, affiliated fund, or affiliated entity with a common
investment advisor, (ii) the transferee otherwise is a Permitted Transferee under Section 6(a), (iii) the Transfer otherwise is permitted under Section 6(a), and (iv) the acquisition of the Creditor Claims by
such Qualified Marketmaker occurs at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Initial Closing Date. To the extent that a Consenting Creditor is acting in its capacity as a Qualified Marketmaker, it may Transfer (by purchase, sale, assignment,
participation, or otherwise) any right, title or interests in Creditor Claims that the Qualified Marketmaker acquires from a holder of Creditor Claims who is not a Consenting Creditor without the requirement that the transferee be a Permitted
Transferee. 

(f) 

The Company understands that the Consenting Creditors are engaged in a wide range of financial services and
businesses, and, in light of the foregoing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the obligations set forth in this Agreement shall only apply to the trading desk(s) and/or the deal team within the business

17 

group(s) of the Consenting Creditor that principally manage and/or supervise the Consenting Creditors Covered Claims, and shall not apply to any other trading desk, deal team, or business
group of the Consenting Creditor, so long as they are not acting at the direction or for the benefit of such Consenting Creditor, or in connection with such Consenting Creditors investment in its Covered Claims. 

(g) 

Further, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Parties agree that, in connection with
the delivery of signature pages to this Agreement by a Consenting Creditor that is a Qualified Marketmaker before the occurrence of conditions giving rise to the effective date for the obligations and the support hereunder, such Consenting Creditor
shall be a Consenting Creditor hereunder solely with respect to the Creditor Claims listed on such signature pages and shall not be required to comply with this Agreement for any other Creditor Claims it may hold from time to time in its role as a
Qualified Marketmaker. 

(h) 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6, the restrictions on Transfers set forth
in this Section 6 shall not apply to the grant of any liens or encumbrances on any Claims and Interests (including Claims and Interests in favor of (i) a bank or broker-dealer holding custody of such Claims and Interests or
(ii) any lenders, noteholder, agent, or trustee to secure obligations under indebtedness issued or held by a managed fund or account, including related to any collateralized loan obligation and its fund structuring or the issuance of any notes
or any similar instruments related thereto) in the ordinary course of business and which lien or encumbrance is released upon the Transfer of such Claims and Interests. 

(i) 

It is understood and agreed by each of the Parties hereto that, no Backstop Party shall be relieved, released
or novated from its obligations in respect of the First Out First Lien Term Loan (including its Backstop Commitment and obligation to fund the First Out First Lien Term Loan on the Initial Closing Date or the Subsequent Closing Date) in connection
with any syndication, assignment or participation of the First Out First Lien Term Loan or the other financings contemplated hereby (including any Other First Out First Lien Debt) until after the initial funding under the First Out First Lien Term
Loan on the Initial Closing Date or the Subsequent Closing Date has occurred without the prior written consent of the Company and each of the Backstop Parties (and any purported assignment without such consent will be null and void).

(j) 

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 6 to the contrary, any Transfer by [*****] of its 4.125%
Secured Notes Claims shall require the prior written consent of the Company and, in addition to compliance with the requirements of Section 6(a), shall require the agreement of any transferee thereof to the exchange of such 4.125%
Secured Notes Claims into Second Lien Notes, and any subsequent Transfer of such 4.125% Secured Notes Claims by the holders thereof shall require the prior written consent of the Company. 

18 

Section 7. Termination of Agreement. 

(a) 

Automatic Termination. This Agreement shall terminate automatically, without any further action required
by any Party, upon the occurrence of the earlier of the Subsequent Closing Date and the Outside Date. 

(b) 

Consenting Creditor Termination Events. On any date prior to the Outside Date, this Agreement may be
terminated by the Requisite Consenting Creditors by the delivery to each of the other Parties of a written notice in accordance with Section 21, stating in reasonable detail the basis for such termination, upon the occurrence and
continuation of any of the following events: 

(i) 

the breach in any material respect (or in any respect, if the relevant provision is qualified as to
materiality) by the Company of any of the representations, warranties, or covenants of the Company set forth in this Agreement, in each case that remains uncured for a period of five (5) Business Days after the Requisite Consenting Creditors
transmit a written notice in accordance with Section 21 hereof detailing any such breach; 

(ii) 

the issuance by any governmental authority, including any regulatory authority or court of competent
jurisdiction, of any ruling or order enjoining the consummation of or rendering illegal the Transactions or any material portion thereof, and such ruling, judgment, or order has not been reversed or vacated within thirty (30) days after such
issuance; provided, that this termination right may not be exercised by any Party that sought or requested such ruling or order in contravention of any obligation set out in this Agreement; 

(iii) 

the Company publicly announces, or announces to any of the Parties or other holders of Claims and Interests,
its intention to withdraw from the Transactions or not to support the Transactions or to support an Alternative Transaction; 

(iv) 

the Company, without the consent of the Requisite Consenting Creditors (A) commences a voluntary case
under the Bankruptcy Code; (B) consents to the appointment of, or taking possession by, a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Company or the property or assets of the Company;
(C) seeks any arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief of its debts; or (D) makes any general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; 

(v) 

(A) the commencement of an Involuntary Proceeding against the Company (provided that such Involuntary
Proceeding is not dismissed within a period of thirty (30) days after the commencement thereof) or (B) a court of competent jurisdiction enters a Receivership Order; provided that this termination right may not be exercised by any
Party that sought or requested to terminate their obligations under this Agreement if such Party commenced such Involuntary Proceeding or sought such Receiver Order; or 

19 

(vi) 

the Company fails to pay (i) all reasonable and documented fees and out of pocket expenses of Milbank when
due or (ii) all reasonable and documented fees (which shall be due and payable on the Initial Closing Date) or out of pocket expenses of Perella required to be paid or reimbursed by the Company pursuant to the Perella Fee Letter, and such
failure to pay remains uncured for a period of two (2) Business Days. 

(c) 

Company Termination Events. On any date prior to the Outside Date, this Agreement may be terminated by
the Company by the delivery to each of the other Parties of a written notice in accordance with Section 21, stating in reasonable detail the reasons for such termination, upon the occurrence and continuation of any of the following
events: 

(i) 

the breach in any material respect (or in any respect, if the relevant provision is qualified as to
materiality) by a Consenting Creditor of any of the representations, warranties, or covenants of the Consenting Creditor set forth in this Agreement such that the ownership or control of Creditor Claims by non-breaching Consenting Creditors does not
continue to meet the Consent Threshold and such breach remains uncured for a period of five (5) Business Days after the Company transmits a written notice in accordance with Section 21 hereof detailing any such breach; or

(ii) 

the issuance by any governmental authority, including any regulatory authority or court of competent
jurisdiction, of any ruling or order enjoining the consummation of or rendering illegal the Transactions or any material portion thereof, and such ruling, judgment, or order has not been reversed or vacated within thirty (30) days after such
issuance; provided, that this termination right may not be exercised by any Party that sought or requested (either itself or through an Affiliate thereof) such ruling or order in contravention of any obligation set out in this Agreement.

(d) 

Mutual Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by mutual agreement of the Company and the
Consenting Creditors upon the receipt of written notice delivered in accordance with Section 21. No Party shall be entitled to exercise a termination right afforded to it under this Agreement where that Partys action is required to
satisfy a condition, or whose act, or failure to act, gives rise to a breach or a failure of a condition, in each case, that gives rise to such termination right. 

(e) 

Effect of Termination. 

(i) 

The earliest date on which termination of this Agreement is effective in accordance with this
Section 7 shall be referred to as a Termination Date. 

20 

(ii) 

Except as provided in Section 16, upon the occurrence of the Termination Date or a termination
pursuant to Section 7, all Parties obligations under this Agreement shall be terminated effective immediately and, in each case, such Party or Parties shall be immediately released from its liabilities, obligations, commitments,
undertakings, and agreements under or related to this Agreement and shall have all the rights and remedies that it would have had and shall be entitled to take all actions, whether with respect to the Transactions or otherwise, that it would have
been entitled to take had it not entered into this Agreement; provided that in no event shall any such termination relieve a Party from any obligations under this Agreement which expressly survive termination pursuant to
Section 16 or a Party from liability for its breach or non-performance of its obligations hereunder prior to the date of such termination. Upon any Termination Date, any direction or consent
given by a Consenting Creditor prior to such termination shall automatically be deemed, for all purposes, to be null and void ab initio and shall not be considered or otherwise used in any manner by the Parties in connection with the
Transactions and this Agreement or otherwise, and such directions and consents may be changed (without the need to seek an order of a court of competent jurisdiction or consent from the Company or any other applicable Party allowing such change).

(iii) 

Promptly after the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7(a) (other than as a result
of a failure of the Closing Date to occur primarily as a result of a breach in any material respect (or in any respect, if the relevant provision is qualified as to materiality) of this Agreement by the Consenting Creditors),
Section 7(b)(i), Section 7(b)(iii), Section 7(b)(iv), or Section 7(c)(ii), the Company shall pay (a) all reasonable and documented fees and out of pocket expenses of Milbank, (b) all
reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses of Perella required to be paid or reimbursed by the Company pursuant to the Perella Fee Letter, and (c) all reasonable and documented fees and out of pocket expenses of Olshan.

Section 8. Definitive Documents; Good Faith Cooperation; Further Assurances. 

Subject to, and without limiting the terms and conditions described herein, during the Support Period, each Party, severally and not jointly,
hereby covenants and agrees to reasonably cooperate with each other in good faith in connection with the negotiation, drafting, execution and delivery (in the case of execution and delivery, to the extent such Party is a party thereto) of the
Definitive Documents in accordance with Section 3. Furthermore, subject to and without limiting the terms and conditions hereof, each of the Parties shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary or reasonably requested by the
other Parties to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement, including making and filing any required regulatory filings and executing and delivering any other necessary agreements or instruments. 

21 

Section 9. Representations and Warranties. 

(a) 

Mutual Representations and Warranties. Each Party, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to
the other Parties that the following statements are true, correct, and complete as of the date hereof (or as of the date such Party becomes a party hereto): 

(i) 

such Party is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization, and has, as applicable, all requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company, or similar authority to enter into this Agreement and carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and perform its obligations contemplated
hereunder, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of such Partys obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by, as applicable, all necessary corporate, limited liability company, partnership, or other similar
action on its part; 

(ii) 

the execution, delivery, and performance by such Party of this Agreement does not and will not (A) violate
any provision of law, rule, or regulation applicable to it, its charter, or bylaws (or other similar governing documents), or (B) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under any material contractual obligation to which
it is a party (after giving effect to the Transactions as contemplated hereby); 

(iii) 

the execution, delivery, and performance by such Party of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this
Agreement (including the applicable Term Sheet), does not and will not require the consent or approval by any other person or entity, except for any consent or approval obtained prior to, or contemporaneously with, the TSA Effective Date (including
the consents and approvals provided for herein and in the Definitive Documents); 

(iv) 

this Agreement is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability or a
ruling of a court of competent jurisdiction; 

(v) 

although none of the Parties intends that this Agreement should constitute, and they each believe it does not
constitute, a solicitation or acceptance of a chapter 11 plan of reorganization or an offering of securities, each Party acknowledges, agrees, and represents to the other Parties that it (i) is (A) a qualified institutional buyer as
defined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act, or (B) not a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act; (ii) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that such Party is capable of evaluating the
merits and risks of the securities 

22 

to be acquired by it pursuant to the Transactions and understands and is able to bear any economic risks with such investment; (iii) has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions and
receive answers concerning the Company and to obtain additional information that it has requested to verify such information; (iv) is acquiring the securities contemplated by this Agreement for investment for its own account, and not with the
view to or for distribution or resale in violation of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities or blue sky Laws, and has no present intention of distributing any of such securities in violation of the Securities Act or any
applicable state securities or blue sky Laws (this representation and warranty not limiting such Partys right to sell such securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws); (v) understands that the
securities contemplated by this Agreement have not been registered under the Securities Act as of the date hereof and may not be resold without registration under the Securities Act except pursuant to a specific exemption from the registration
provisions of the Securities Act; and (vi) is not acquiring the securities contemplated by this Agreement as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding such securities published in any newspaper, magazine or
similar media; or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement; and 

(vi) 

each Party acknowledges for the benefit of the Company (including for the benefit of any person acting on
behalf of any of the Company, including any financial or other advisor of any of the foregoing) that (i) it has the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters so that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of
the Transactions contemplated hereby and has had such opportunity as it has deemed adequate to obtain such information as is necessary to permit such Party to evaluate the merits and risks of the acquisition of the Transaction contemplated hereby,
and (ii) it has made its own independent assessment, to its satisfaction, concerning any and all legal, regulatory, tax, credit, business and financial considerations with respect to the Company and the Transactions (including in connection
with its participation in any of the Transactions contemplated hereby), without reliance on any statement of any other Party or Entity (or such other Partys or Entitys financial or other advisors). 

(b) 

Consenting Creditors Representations and Warranties. Each Consenting Creditor, severally and not
jointly, represents and warrants to the Company that, as of the date hereof (or as of the date such Consenting Creditor becomes a party hereto), such Consenting Creditor: 

(i) 

is the beneficial owner of the aggregate principal amount of Creditor Claims set forth below its name on the
signature page hereof; 

23 

(ii) 

such Creditor Claims are free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, charge, claim, equity, option,
proxy, voting restriction, right of first refusal, or other limitation on disposition, transfer, or encumbrances of any kind, in each case that would adversely affect such Consenting Creditors ability to perform any of its obligations under
this Agreement at the time such obligations are required to be performed; provided that Claims and Interests in favor of (i) a bank or broker-dealer holding custody of Claims and Interests or (ii) any lender, noteholder, agent, or trustee
to secure obligations under indebtedness issued or held by a managed fund or account, including related to any collateralized loan obligation and its fund structuring or the issuance of any notes or any similar instruments related thereto, are
permitted encumbrances under this clause (ii); 

(iii) 

it has the full power and authority to act on behalf of, vote, and consent to matters concerning, such Creditor
Claims; and/or 

(iv) 

does not directly or indirectly own or have any beneficial interest in any Creditor Claims other than as
identified below its name on its signature page hereof; provided, that it shall not be deemed a breach of this Section 9(b)(iv) if a Consenting Creditor is an affiliate of an individual fund that would not be permitted to execute
this Agreement or participate in the Transactions pursuant to applicable Law or the organizational documents of such individual fund. 

(c) 

Company Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to the other Parties that
neither it nor any of its Affiliates has entered into any agreements with any party regarding an Alternative Transaction of the Company. 

Section 10. Conditions Precedent to Initial Closing Date and the Subsequent Closing Date. 

(a) 

The occurrence of the Initial Closing Date, including the effectiveness, incurrence and issuance of the TLB-5
(if the Company elects to draw upon the Backstop Commitment on the Initial Closing Date), the TLB-6, the TLB-7, the Second Lien Notes and, to the extent the TLB-2 Refinancing will not be consummated on the Initial Closing Date, the First-Out TLB-5
and either, at the Companys election, (i) the AHG First-Out Notes Exchanges or (ii) the AHG Bond Repurchases, shall be subject solely to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions: 

(i) 

the Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with its terms; 

(ii) 

the TSA Effective Date shall have occurred; 

(iii) 

all reasonable and documented fees and out of pocket expenses of Milbank on the Initial Closing Date shall have
been paid; 

24 

(iv) 

all reasonable and documented fees and out of pocket expenses of Perella required to be paid or reimbursed by
the Company on the Initial Closing Date pursuant to the Perella Fee Letter shall have been paid; 

(v) 

all reasonable and documented fees and out of pocket expenses of Olshan shall have been paid;

(vi) 

the execution and delivery by each Party or its Representatives of the applicable Definitive Documents to which
they are a party and delivery of customary KYC/PATRIOT Act documentation, borrowing requests, evidence of authorization, officers incumbency certificates, officers certificates, good standing certificates and legal opinions; provided
that a Partys failure to execute and deliver a Definitive Document to which it is a party and which it is required to execute and deliver pursuant to this Agreement shall not be a condition precedent to such Partys obligations;

(vii) 

the execution and delivery by the Parties thereto, and effectiveness, of Supplemental Indenture No. 1 and
any documentation necessary (in the good faith determination of the Company) to effectuate the amendments to the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture, to release all of the collateral securing the Existing Secured Notes, and to terminate existing security
and intercreditor agreements, as contemplated by the Term Sheet, and to approve the Transactions; 

(viii) 

the Consent Threshold shall have been satisfied; and 

(ix) 

if the Company elects to draw upon the Backstop Commitment on the Initial Closing Date, the Company shall have
transmitted the Backstop Funding Notice to the Backstop Parties at or prior to the Backstop Funding Notice Deadline. 

(b) 

The occurrence of the Subsequent Closing Date (if any), including the effectiveness and incurrence of the First
Out First Lien Term Loan (solely to the extent the Company elects to draw upon the Backstop Commitment after the Initial Closing Date), and to the extent the AHG First-Out Notes Exchanges occurred on the Initial Closing Date, the AHG Bond
Repurchase, shall be subject solely to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions: 

(i) 

the Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with its terms; 

(ii) 

the TSA Effective Date shall have occurred; 

(iii) 

all reasonable and documented fees and out of pocket expenses of Milbank on the Subsequent Closing Date shall
have been paid; 

25 

(iv) 

all reasonable and documented fees and out of pocket expenses of Perella required to be paid or reimbursed by
the Company on the Subsequent Closing Date pursuant to the Perella Fee Letter shall have been paid; 

(v) 

the execution and delivery by each Party or its Representatives of the applicable Definitive Documents with
respect to the TLB-5 to which they are a party and delivery of customary KYC/PATRIOT Act documentation, borrowing requests, evidence of authorization, officers incumbency certificates, officers certificates, good standing certificates
and legal opinions; provided that a Partys failure to execute and deliver a Definitive Document to which it is a party and which it is required to execute and deliver pursuant to this Agreement shall not be a condition precedent to such
Partys obligations; and 

(vi) 

if the Company elects to draw upon the Backstop Commitment on the Subsequent Closing Date, the Company shall
have transmitted the Backstop Funding Notice to the Backstop Parties at or prior to the Backstop Funding Notice Deadline. 

(c) 

There are no conditions (implied or otherwise) to the commitments and agreements hereunder (including the
Backstop Commitment), and there will be no conditions (implied or otherwise) under the Definitive Documents to the Initial Closing Date or the Subsequent Closing Date, other than those that are set forth in this Section 10. For the
avoidance of doubt, (i) (A) none of the incurrence by the Company of any Other First Out First Lien Debt, any election by the Company to draw or not draw upon all of the Backstop Commitment, the consummation of the Existing RCF Exchange or
the consummation of the Existing Secured Note Exchange are conditions precedent to any Closing Date, although such transactions may occur on or after the Initial Closing Date, and (B) if the Company so elects, it may elect to draw the Backstop
Commitment in full on the Initial Closing Date or on the Subsequent Closing Date, subject to the applicable conditions set forth in Section 10(a) and Section 10(b), and (ii) neither the consummation of the Existing RCF
Exchange nor the Existing Secured Note Exchange is a condition precedent to any Closing Date, although such transactions may occur on or after any Closing Date. 

(d) 

Any of the foregoing conditions may be waived only by the Requisite Consenting Creditors, the Backstop Parties
and the Company; provided, however, no Party shall have the right to waive any condition where that Partys action is required to satisfy a condition, or whose act, or failure to act, gives rise to a breach or a failure of a
condition, in each case, as of the Initial Closing Date or the Subsequent Closing Date, as the case may be. No Party may assert the failure of any condition to be satisfied as of any relevant date, where the failure of such condition is due
primarily to the action or omission of such Party. 

26 

Section 11. Mutual Release. 

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, each Releasing Party shall conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably and forever
release, waive and discharge, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, each Released Party from any and all Claims and Causes of Action, whether known or unknown, contingent or fixed, direct or indirect, and of whatever nature of description, and
whether in law or in equity, under contract, tort, statute or otherwise, that such Person(s) would have been legally entitled to assert (whether individually or collectively or directly or derivatively), based in whole or in part on any act,
omission, transaction, event or other occurrence taking place up to and including the Initial Closing Date, in connection with or related to any matter, cause or thing whatsoever arising out of or relating to: (a) the incurrence of indebtedness
by the Company with respect to the Existing Funded Debt Documents; (b) solely with respect to any Claims and Causes of Action against Consenting Creditors, the purchase and ownership of indebtedness of the Company; (c) the June 1,
2023 share exchange whereby SBG became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sinclair, and the related June 2, 2023 transfer of certain assets (including The Tennis Channel) by Sinclair Holdings, Inc., the intermediate holding company between Sinclair
and SBG (and thus an indirect parent of STG) to Sinclair Ventures, LLC, a new indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Sinclair, as more fully described in Sinclairs filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC);
(d) any amendment, forbearance, or waiver in respect of any of the Existing Funded Debt Documents or any of the Companys other funded indebtedness or debt securities that is consummated to effectuate the Transactions; (e) the
Transactions; (f) the formulation, preparation, dissemination, negotiation or execution of the Agreement, any Definitive Documents or any related agreement(s) or documents; (g) the implementation of the Transactions in accordance with the
Agreement (including, without limitation, the issuance of any debt securities or the distribution of any other property in relation thereto); or (h) any other related act or omission, transaction, agreement, event or other occurrence taking
place on or before the Initial Closing Date, solely with respect to the Transactions. Each Releasing Party represents and warrants that it has no knowledge of any Claims or Causes of Action by any Releasing Party against any Released Party or of any
facts or acts or omissions of any Released Party which on the date hereof would be the basis of any Claims or Causes of Action by any Releasing Party against any Released Party which would not be released hereby. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, the Released Parties shall not be released from any obligations arising under this Agreement or the Definitive Documents. Nothing in this Agreement shall constitute a release of any Claims or Causes of Action (a) against any
Party who fails to execute and deliver any document required to be executed and delivered by such Party to effectuate this Agreement or any other Definitive Documents or the Transactions and (b) arising from or relating to any action or
inaction that is determined by a final nonappealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction to constitute actual fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence, or a criminal act. 

Section 12. Disclosure; Publicity. 

Without limiting the Companys obligations under its confidentiality agreements with the Consenting Creditors and the Consenting
Creditors rights thereunder, the Company will disclose the effectiveness and material terms of Agreement, including the Term Sheet, between 8:00 a.m. and 9:30 a.m. (Eastern Time) on the date that is no earlier than January 14, 2025 but no
later than four (4) Business Days after the TSA Effective Date by requiring Sinclair and SBG to publicly file 

27 

a Form 8-K or any periodic report required or permitted to be filed by Sinclair and SBG under the Exchange Act with the SEC or, if the SECs EDGAR filing system is not available, on a press
release that results in prompt public dissemination of such information (the Public Disclosure) and such Public Disclosure shall only occur on such date and at such time so specified without the approval of the Requisite
Consenting Creditors. The Company shall provide the Ad Hoc Group Advisors a reasonable opportunity (but no less than two (2) Business Days) to comment on the Public Disclosure. Following the time of the Public Disclosure, the Company shall
confirm in writing (which may be by e-mail) to the Consenting Creditors that such Consenting Creditors no longer have any material non-public information regarding the Company that was provided to such Consenting Creditors (or to such Consenting
Creditors advisors with instructions to provide to such Consenting Creditors) by the Company or any of the Companys advisors. The Company may disclose the existence of, or the terms of, this Agreement or any other material term of
the Transactions without the express written consent of the other Parties; provided, however, that no Party or its advisors shall disclose to any person or entity (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other Party) other than
advisors to the Company and the Ad Hoc Group Advisors the principal amount or percentage of any Creditor Claims without such Partys prior written consent, except as required by law or otherwise permitted under the terms of any other agreement
between the Company, on the one hand, and any Consenting Creditor, on the other hand; provided that (a) if such disclosure is required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or regulation, the disclosing Party shall afford the relevant
Party a reasonable opportunity to review and comment in advance of such disclosure and shall take all reasonable measures to limit such disclosure (the expense of which, if any, shall be borne by the relevant disclosing Party) and (b) the
foregoing shall not prohibit the disclosure of the aggregate percentage or aggregate principal amount of Creditor Claims held by all the Consenting Creditors collectively. Any Public Disclosure that includes executed signature pages to this
Agreement shall include such signature pages only in redacted form with respect to the amount of Creditor Claims held by each Consenting Creditor; provided that the holdings disclosed in such signature pages may be filed in unredacted form
under seal. Notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall impose no limitation of any kind on any person communicating directly with the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission or other applicable
regulatory entity about a possible securities law violation or exercising any similar whistleblower rights such person may have under applicable law. 

Section 13. Amendments and Waivers. 

(a) 

This Agreement, including the Term Sheet, may not be modified, amended, or supplemented, and no condition or
requirement of this Agreement may be waived, in any manner except in accordance with this Section 13. 

(b) 

This Agreement, including the Term Sheet, may be modified, amended, or supplemented, or a condition or
requirement of this Agreement may be waived, in a writing (email being sufficient) signed by each of: (i) the Company and (ii) the Requisite Consenting Creditors; provided that (w) any modification, amendment, supplement or
waiver that adversely and disproportionately affects, directly or indirectly, a Consenting Creditor relative to either the Requisite Consenting Creditors or any other Consenting Creditor shall also require the consent of such

28 

affected Consenting Creditor, (x) any modification, amendment, supplement or waiver that adversely and disproportionately affects, directly or indirectly, [*****] relative to the Requisite
Consenting Creditors shall also require the consent of [*****], (y) any modification, amendment, supplement or waiver that (i) extends any maturity date of the First Out First Lien Term Loans, the Second Out First Lien Term Loans or the
AHG First-Out Notes (if any), (ii) reduces the amount of, or altering the due date for, any principal or interest amount of the First Out First Lien Term Loan, the Second Out First Lien Term Loans or the AHG First-Out Notes (if any), or
(iii) modifies any redemption price or exchange rate of the AHG First-Out Notes (if any) shall require the consent of each of the directly and adversely affected Consenting Term Lenders; and (z) any modification or amendment of clause
(y) of this Section 13(b) shall also require the consent of each of the Consenting Term Lenders. 

(c) 

The waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a
further or continuing waiver of such breach or as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. No failure on the part of any Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power, or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of
any such right, power, or remedy or any provision of this Agreement, nor shall any single or partial exercise of such right, power, or remedy by such Party preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power, or remedy or the exercise of any
other right, power, or remedy. All remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 

Section 14. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. 

(a) 

This Agreement, and any claim or controversy with respect hereto, shall be construed and enforced in accordance
with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflicts of law principles which would permit or require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction.

(b) 

Each of the Parties irrevocably agrees for itself that any legal action, suit, or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement brought by any party or its successors or assigns shall be brought and determined in any federal or state court in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York, and each of the Parties hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts for itself, generally and unconditionally, with regard to any such proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Transactions. Each of the Parties agrees not to commence any proceeding
relating hereto or thereto except in the courts described above in New York, other than proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction to enforce any judgment, decree, or award rendered by any such court in New York as described herein. Subject
to the foregoing, each of the Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion or as a defense, counterclaim, or otherwise, in any proceeding arising out of or relating to

29 

this Agreement or the Transactions, (i) that any claim is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in New York as described herein for any reason and (ii) that
(A) the proceeding in any such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (B) the venue of such proceeding is improper, or (C) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts. 

(c) 

EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY (I) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT, OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY
HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 14. ANY DISPUTES RESOLVED IN COURT SHALL BE RESOLVED IN A BENCH TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. 

Section 15. Specific Performance/Remedies. 

It is understood and agreed by the Parties that money damages would be an insufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by any Party,
and each non-breaching Party shall be entitled to seek specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief (without the posting of any bond and without proof of actual damages) as a remedy of any such breach, including an order of a court
of competent jurisdiction, which may be a bankruptcy court, requiring any Party to comply promptly with any of its obligations hereunder. Each Party hereby waives any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such
remedies. 

Section 16. Survival. 

Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7, the agreements and obligations of the Parties set forth in
the following Sections: Section 7(e), Section 11, Section 12, Section 14, Section 15, Section 16, Section 17, Section 18, Section 19,
Section 20, Section 21, Section 22, Section 23 and Section 24 (and any defined terms used in any such Sections) shall survive such termination and shall continue in full force and effect
for the benefit of the Parties, and/or, subject to Section 18, such other relevant third-party beneficiaries, in accordance with the terms hereof; provided that any liability of a Party for failure to comply with the terms of this
Agreement shall survive such termination. 

30 

Section 17. Successors and Assigns; Severability; Several Obligations. 

This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of each of the Parties and their respective predecessors, successors, permitted
assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, and representatives; provided that nothing contained in this Section 17 shall be deemed to permit Transfers of Creditor Claims other than in accordance with the express terms of this
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the agreements, representations, and obligations of the Parties are, in all respects, several and neither joint nor joint and several. For the avoidance of doubt, the agreements,
representations and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement are, in all respects, several and neither joint nor joint and several with respect to each Party, in accordance with its proportionate interest hereunder, and the Parties
agree not to proceed against any Party for the obligations of another. 

Section 18. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. 

Unless expressly stated or referred to herein, including Section 11, this Agreement shall be solely for the benefit of the Parties,
and no other person or entity shall be a third-party beneficiary hereof. 

Section 19. Prior Negotiations; Entire Agreement. 

This Agreement, including the exhibits and schedules hereto (including the Term Sheet), together with the other Definitive Documents,
constitutes the entire, integrated agreement of the Parties, and supersedes all other prior negotiations, with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, except that the Parties acknowledge that any confidentiality agreements (if any)
heretofore executed between SBG and each Party shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

Section 20.
Counterparts. 

This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all
of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. Execution copies of this Agreement may be delivered by facsimile, electronic mail, or otherwise, which shall be deemed to be an original for the purposes of this paragraph. 

Section 21. Notices. 

All
notices hereunder shall be deemed given if in writing and delivered, if contemporaneously sent by electronic mail, courier, or by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) to the following addresses: 

(a) 

If to the Company, to: 

Sinclair Television Group, Inc. 

10706 Beaver Dam Road 

Hunt
Valley, MD 21030 

Attention: Christopher Ripley 

(cripley@sbgtv.com) 

Lucy Rutishauser 

(lrutisha@sbgtv.com) 

David Gibber 

(dgibber@sbgtv.com) 

31 

With a copy to: 

Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP 

1200 Seventeenth Street, NW 

Washington, DC 20036 

Attention:
Jeffrey Grill 

(jeffrey.grill@pillsburylaw.com) 

Joseph Fastiggi 

(joseph.fastiggi@pillsburylaw.com) 

(b) 

If to a Consenting Creditor or a transferee thereof, to the addresses set forth below such Consenting
Creditors signature (or as directed by any transferee thereof), as the case may be, and, if to the Ad Hoc Group, with a copy to: 

Milbank LLP 

55 Hudson Yards 

New York, NY 10001-2163 

Attention: Evan Fleck 

(efleck@milbank.com) 

Matthew Brod 

(mbrod@milbank.com) 

Any notice given by electronic mail, facsimile, delivery, mail, or courier shall be effective when received. 

Section 22. Reservation of Rights; No Admission. 

(a) 

Nothing contained herein shall (i) limit (A) the ability of any Party to consult with other Parties
or (B) the rights of any Party under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, foreclosure, or similar proceeding, including the right to appear as a party in interest in any matter to be adjudicated in order to be heard concerning any matter
arising in or related to the Transactions before a court of competent jurisdiction, in each case, so long as such consultation or appearance is not inconsistent with such Partys obligations hereunder (including any releases of Claims and
Causes of Action hereunder), or, to the extent such Transactions are consistent with this Agreement, under the terms of the Transactions; (ii) limit the ability of any Party to sell or enter into any transactions in connection with the Claims
and Interests, subject to the terms of Section 6; (iii) limit the rights of any Consenting Creditor under the Existing Funded Debt Documents or any agreements executed in connection therewith, except to the extent exercise of any
such rights 

32 

are inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement as applicable to each such Consenting Creditor; (iv) constitute a waiver or amendment of any provision of the Existing Funded Debt Documents
or any agreements executed in connection therewith except as expressly set forth herein; or (v) constitute a waiver or amendment of any applicable law or agreements except as expressly set forth herein. 

(b) 

Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing herein is intended to, or does, in any manner waive,
limit, impair, or restrict the ability of each of the Parties to protect and preserve its rights, remedies, and interests, including its Claims against any of the other Parties (or their respective affiliates or subsidiaries) or its full
participation in any bankruptcy case filed by the Company or any of its affiliates and subsidiaries, including by asserting or raising any objection permitted under this Agreement in connection with the Transactions, enforcing this Agreement or
contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby are part of a proposed settlement of matters that could otherwise be the subject of
litigation among the Parties. Pursuant to Rule 408 of the Federal Rule of Evidence, any applicable state rules of evidence, and any other applicable law, foreign or domestic, this Agreement and all negotiations relating thereto shall not be
admissible into evidence in any proceeding other than a proceeding to enforce its terms. This Agreement shall in no event be construed as or be deemed to be evidence of an admission or concession on the part of any Party of any Claim or fault or
liability or damages whatsoever. Each of the Parties denies any and all wrongdoing or liability of any kind and does not concede any infirmity in the Claims or defenses that it has asserted or could assert. 

Section 23. Relationship Among Parties. 

(a) 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Consenting Creditors act in their individual capacities and not as agent,
trustee, or in any other fiduciary capacity with respect to any other Party. 

(b) 

The Parties acknowledge that this agreement does not constitute an agreement, arrangement, or understanding
with respect to acting together for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting, or disposing of any equity securities of the Company and the Parties do not constitute a group within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. No action taken by any Party pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute or to create a presumption by any of the Parties that the Parties are in any way acting in concert or as such a group.

(c) 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall require any Party or
representative of a Party that becomes a member of a statutory committee that may be established in any proceeding before a court of competent jurisdiction to take any action, or to refrain from taking any action, in such persons capacity as a
statutory committee member; provided that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as requiring any Party to serve on any statutory committee that may be established in any proceeding before a court of competent jurisdiction.

33 

Section 24. Consents and Acknowledgments. 

(a) 

Each Party acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would provide any Party with a defense to the enforcement of the terms of this Agreement against such Party based upon lack of legal counsel shall have no
application and is expressly waived. 

(b) 

By executing this Agreement, each Consenting Creditor forbears from exercising remedies with respect to any
Default or Event of Default (if any) as defined under the Existing Funded Debt Documents contemplated by, arising from, or related to the Companys entry into this Agreement or the other documents related to this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated in this Agreement (including the Definitive Documents and the Transactions, respectively), and agrees that this Agreement shall constitute a deemed direction to the Agent or the 4.125% Secured Notes
Trustee not to exercise remedies to the extent that any other creditor directs the Agent or the 4.125% Secured Notes Trustee to exercise such remedies, it being understood and agreed that this waiver shall be terminated and be without any further
force and effect upon the termination of this Agreement without the occurrence of the Initial Closing Date. 

(c) 

Each of the Parties hereto agrees that this Agreement is a binding and enforceable agreement with respect to
the subject matter contained herein, including an agreement to negotiate in good faith the applicable Definitive Documents consistent in all material respects with the Term Sheet and this Agreement, it being acknowledged and agreed that the funding
of the First Out First Lien Term Loan and the commitments and agreements provided hereunder (including the Backstop Commitment, to the extent the Company elects to draw upon the Backstop Commitment), are subject solely to the conditions precedent
set forth in Section 10 above. 

Section 25. Additional Parties. 

Without in any way limiting the requirements of Section 6 of this Agreement, additional Consenting Creditors may elect to become
Parties upon execution and delivery to the other Parties of a Joinder Agreement. Such additional Parties shall become Consenting Creditors under this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers,
solely in their respective capacity as officers of the undersigned and not in any other capacity, as of the date first set forth above. 

34 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

35 

Sinclair Television Group, Inc.

By: /s/ Christopher S. Ripley

Name: Christopher S. Ripley

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Company Signature
Page to Transaction Support Agreement] 

CONSENTING CREDITOR AND BACKSTOP PARTY (solely with respect to the portion of the Backstop Commitment on Schedule 2 next to such Partys name):

By: [*****] [intentionally omitted].

Name: 

Title: 

Notice Information

Address: 

Attn: 

Fax: 

Email: 

[Consenting Sponsor
Signature Page to Transaction Support Agreement] 

Schedule 1

STG Affiliate Guarantors 

ACC Licensee, LLC

Action TV, LLC 

Birmingham (WABM-TV) Licensee, Inc. 

Chesapeake Media I, LLC 

Chesapeake Television Licensee, LLC 

CometTV, LLC 

Drive Sales, LLC 

Fisher Mills Inc. 

Fisher Properties Inc. 

Full Measure, LLC 

Harrisburg Licensee, LLC 

Harrisburg Television, Inc. 

Hummingbird, LLC 

Hunt Valley Tracks, LLC 

Illinois Television, LLC 

KABB Licensee, LLC 

KAME, LLC 

KATV Licensee, LLC 

KATV, LLC 

KBSI Licensee L.P. 

KDBC Licensee, LLC 

KDNL Licensee, LLC 

KDSM, LLC 

KDSM Licensee, LLC 

KENV, LLC 

KEYE Licensee, LLC 

KFDM Licensee, LLC 

KFOX Licensee, LLC 

KFRE Licensee, LLC 

KFXA Licensee, LLC 

KGAN Licensee, LLC 

KGBT Licensee, LLC 

KHGI Licensee, LLC 

KHQA Licensee, LLC 

KJZZ Licensee, LLC 

KLGT Licensee, LLC 

KMPH Licensee, LLC 

KOCB Licensee, LLC 

KOKH Licensee, LLC 

KOKH, LLC 

KPTH Licensee, LLC 

KPTM Licensee, LLC 

KRCG Licensee, LLC 

KRNV, LLC 

KRXI, LLC 

KRXI Licensee, LLC 

KSAS Licensee, LLC 

KTUL Licensee, LLC 

KTUL, LLC 

KTVL Licensee, LLC 

KTVO Licensee, LLC 

KUPN Licensee, LLC 

KUTV Licensee, LLC 

KUQI Licensee, LLC 

KVCW, LLC 

KVII Licensee, LLC 

KVMY, LLC 

Milwaukee Television, LLC 

MJ Podcast, LLC 

NEST TV, LLC 

New York Television, Inc. 

Perpetual Corporation 

Raleigh (WRDC-TV) Licensee, Inc. 

San Antonio Television, LLC

Sinclair Acquisition VII, Inc. 

Sinclair Acquisition VIII,
Inc. 

Sinclair Acquisition IX, Inc. 

Sinclair Audio, LLC 

Sinclair Bakersfield Licensee, LLC 

Sinclair Boise Licensee, LLC

Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC 

Sinclair Broadcasting of
Seattle, LLC 

Sinclair-California Licensee, LLC 

Sinclair
Communications, LLC 

Sinclair Digital Group, LLC 

Sinclair
Digital News, LLC 

Sinclair Eugene Licensee, LLC 

Sinclair
Kennewick Licensee, LLC 

Sinclair La Grande Licensee, LLC 

Sinclair Lewiston Licensee, LLC 

Sinclair Media III, Inc. 

Sinclair Media Licensee, LLC 

Sinclair Media of Boise, LLC 

Sinclair Media of Seattle, LLC 

Sinclair Media of Washington, LLC

Sinclair Media VI, Inc. 

Sinclair Networks Group, LLC 

Sinclair Portland Licensee, LLC 

Sinclair Programming Company,
LLC 

Sinclair Properties, LLC 

Sinclair Seattle Licensee, LLC 

Sinclair Television Media, Inc.

Sinclair Television of Abilene, LLC 

Sinclair Television of
Bakersfield, Inc. 

Sinclair Television of Bristol, LLC 

Sinclair Television of California, LLC 

Sinclair Television of El
Paso, LLC 

Sinclair Television of Fresno, LLC 

Sinclair
Television of Illinois, LLC 

Sinclair Television of Montana, LLC 

Sinclair Television of New Bern, LLC 

Sinclair Television of
Omaha, LLC 

Sinclair Television of Oregon, LLC 

Sinclair
Television of Portland, LLC 

Sinclair Television of Seattle, Inc. 

Sinclair Television of Washington, Inc. 

Sinclair Television
Stations, LLC 

Sinclair Yakima Licensee, LLC 

TBD TV, LLC

The National Desk, LLC 

UMR Podcast, LLC 

WACH Licensee, LLC 

WBMA Licensee, LLC 

WCGV Licensee, LLC 

WCHS Licensee, LLC 

WCTI Licensee, LLC 

WCWB Licensee, LLC 

WCWF Licensee, LLC 

WCWN Licensee, LLC 

WDKA Licensee, LLC 

WDKY Licensee, LLC 

WEAR Licensee, LLC 

West Coast Digital, LLC 

WFGX Licensee, LLC 

WFXL Licensee, LLC 

WGFL Licensee, LLC 

WGME, Inc. 

WGME Licensee, LLC 

WGXA Licensee, LLC 

WHOI Licensee, LLC 

WICD Licensee, LLC 

WICS Licensee, LLC 

WJAC Licensee, LLC 

WJAR Licensee, LLC 

WKEF Licensee L.P. 

WKRC Licensee, LLC 

WLFL Licensee, LLC 

WLOS Licensee, LLC 

WLUK Licensee, LLC 

WMMP Licensee L.P. 

WMSN Licensee, LLC 

WNAB Licensee, LLC 

WNWO Licensee, LLC 

WOAI Licensee, LLC 

WOLF Licensee, LLC 

WPBN Licensee, LLC 

WPDE Licensee, LLC 

WPEC Licensee, LLC 

WPGH Licensee, LLC 

WQMY Licensee, LLC 

WRDC, LLC 

WRGB Licensee, LLC 

WRGT Licensee, LLC 

WRLH Licensee, LLC 

WSBT Licensee, LLC 

WSET Licensee, LLC 

WSMH, Inc. 

WSMH Licensee, LLC 

WSTQ Licensee, LLC 

WSTR Acquisition, LLC 

WSYX Licensee, Inc. 

WTGS Licensee, LLC 

WTOV Licensee, LLC 

WTTO Licensee, LLC 

WTVC Licensee, LLC 

WTVX Licensee, LLC 

WTVZ Licensee, LLC 

WTWC Licensee, LLC 

WUCW, LLC 

WUHF Licensee, LLC 

WUPN Licensee, LLC 

WUTV Licensee, LLC 

WUXP Licensee, LLC 

WVAH, Licensee, LLC 

WVTV Licensee, Inc. 

WWHO Licensee, LLC 

WWMT Licensee, LLC 

WXLV Licensee, LLC 

WZTV Licensee, LLC 

Schedule 2

Backstop Commitments 

[*****]
[intentionally omitted]. 

Exhibit A

Term Sheet 

EXHIBIT A 

SINCLAIR TELEVISION GROUP, INC.

TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT TERM SHEET

JANUARY 12, 2025

This term sheet (this Term Sheet) sets forth the principal terms of the transactions
(the Transactions) with respect to Sinclair Television Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (as the context requires, STG, the Borrower or the Issuer) and each of its
Affiliates listed on Schedule 1 to the Transaction Support Agreement (the TSA) (together with STG, collectively, the Company). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings ascribed
thereto in the TSA. 

THIS TERM SHEET IS NOT AN OFFER WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES. ANY SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION WILL COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE
SECURITIES LAWS. NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS TERM SHEET SHALL BE AN ADMISSION OF FACT OR LIABILITY OR, UNTIL THE OCCURRENCE OF THE TSA EFFECTIVE DATE ON THE TERMS DESCRIBED HEREIN, DEEMED BINDING ON ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO. 

THIS TERM SHEET DOES NOT PURPORT TO SUMMARIZE ALL OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND OTHER PROVISIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE
TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN, WHICH TRANSACTIONS WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE GOOD FAITH NEGOTIATION, EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS CONSISTENT IN ALL MATERIAL RESPECTS WITH THIS TERM SHEET AND THE TSA, AND THE CLOSING OF ANY TRANSACTIONS
SHALL (SUBJECT IN ALL RESPECTS TO SECTION 10 OF THE TSA) BE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN SUCH DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS. 

Transactions Overview

Transactions

Overview 

STG shall use commercially reasonable efforts to consummate the TLB-2
Refinancing (as defined below) on or after the Closing Date (which means, as the context may require, the Initial Closing Date or the Subsequent Closing Date).

In its discretion, STG may fund such refinancing by entering into the First Out First Lien
Term Loan (as defined below) provided by the Backstop Parties and/or incurring Other First Out First Lien Debt (as defined below), in each case as described further below. To the extent not so refinanced on the Closing Date, the holders of Existing
Term Loans (as defined below) under the TLB-2 (as defined below) shall have the opportunity to exchange their Existing Term Loans under the TLB-2 into First Out First Lien Term Loans on a dollar-for-dollar basis, as described further below. In
addition, STG shall offer the holders of Existing Term Loans under the TLB-3 and TLB-4 (each as defined below) the opportunity to refinance and/or exchange into Second Out First Lien Term Loans (as defined below), consisting of TLB-6 and TLB-7 (each
as defined below), respectively, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

STG shall have the option to incur, in its sole discretion, a new first out first lien
term loan facility provided by the Backstop Parties under the First Lien Credit Agreement (the First Out First Lien Credit Facilities) consisting of $1,175 million aggregate principal amount of first out first lien term loans (the
First Out First Lien Term Loan or the TLB-5, which terms shall be deemed to include any applicable First-Out TLB-5 issued in connection with a First-Out Closing (each as defined below), as the context so
requires), provided that, at STGs option, the size of the TLB-5 shall be increased in an amount necessary to fund up to the entire amount of the Backstop Premium (as defined in that certain backstop premium letter dated as of the TSA Effective
Date among STG and the Backstop Parties; such letter, the Premium Letter) and any original issue discount or fees in respect of the TLB-5 (such amount, the TLB-5 Increase), which increase shall be deemed to be
part of the aggregate committed amount of the TLB-5 committed to be provided by the Backstop Parties pursuant to the TSA for all purposes under the TSA (provided that in no event shall (x) any Backstop Premium be payable in respect of any TLB-5
Increase or (y) the Backstop Parties be obligated to fund the TLB-5 Increase in cash rather than including such amount as additional principal under the TLB-5). In addition, STG may incur other debt on a pari passu basis (as to payment and lien
priority, including as to the application of proceeds with respect to, and distributions made on account of, collateral) with other First Out Debt (if any) (as defined below), whether in the form of bonds, notes, loans or other debt instruments,
which may be issued or incurred prior to, on or after the Closing Date, and that has substantially the

2 

same collateral securing such debt as the First Out First Lien Credit Facilities as described in this Term Sheet (in each case after
giving effect to any applicable transactions to merge any finance or escrow subsidiary which initially may issue such Other First Out First Lien Debt into STG and/or another Loan Party on the Closing Date) (any such other debt, the
Other First Out First Lien Debt).

The First Out First Lien Term Loan, Other First Out First Lien Debt, any
AHG First-Out Notes (as defined below), and any First Out First Lien RCF (as defined below) are collectively referred to as the First Out Debt.

On or following the Closing Date, STG shall use commercially reasonable efforts to offer
all holders of revolving loans and commitments outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement (the Existing RCF) the right to exchange (the Existing RCF Exchange) their commitments and revolving loans on a
dollar-for-dollar basis into commitments and revolving loans under an extended first out first lien revolving credit facility of up to $650 million in aggregate principal amount, including a letter of credit sub-facility and a swing-line
sub-facility (the First Out First Lien RCF).

(i) All holders of outstanding term loans constituting the Term B-3 Facility, the Term B-4
Facility and, solely in the event of a First-Out Closing (as defined below), the Term B-2 Facility, each under the Existing Credit Agreement (the TLB-3, TLB-4 and TLB-2, respectively, and,
collectively, the Existing Term Loans) shall be offered the opportunity to refinance and/or exchange on the Closing Date, and (ii) holders of notes outstanding under the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture (the Existing
Secured Notes), other than holders that are (x) Second Lien Exchanging Creditors (as described below) or (y) Ad Hoc Group members entitled to participate in the AHG 4.125% Bond Repurchase (as defined below), shall be offered the
opportunity to:

in respect of the TLB-3 and the TLB-4, on or about the Closing Date, refinance and/or
exchange (via refinancing amendments or otherwise) such holders (1) Existing Term Loans into second out first lien term loans under the First Lien Credit Agreement (the Second Out First Lien Term Loans; together with the
First Out First Lien Term Loans, the First Lien Term Loans; and, together with the First Out First Lien Credit Facilities, the First Lien Credit Facilities), consisting of (x) a tranche maturing
December 31, 2029 (the TLB-6) offered to holders of the TLB-3 (such exchange, the TLB-3 Exchange) and (y) a tranche maturing December 31, 2030 (the TLB-7) offered to holders of the
TLB-4 (such exchange, the TLB-4 Exchange and, collectively with the TLB-3 Exchange and the TLB-2 Exchange (as defined below), the Term Loan Exchanges), in each case under the First Lien Credit Agreement on a
dollar-for-dollar basis, with accrued and unpaid interest on the exchanged amount of TLB-3 and the exchanged amount of TLB-4 as of the Closing Date being paid in cash on the Closing Date;

3 

on or following the Closing Date, exchange such holders Existing
Secured Notes into second out first lien secured notes (the Second Out First Lien Notes and, together with the Second Out First Lien Term Loan and any other future debt incurred on a pari passu basis (as to payment and lien
priority, including as to the application of proceeds with respect to, and distributions made on account of, collateral) with such second out first lien debt, the Second Out Debt and, together with First Out Debt, First
Lien Debt) (such exchange, the Existing Secured Notes Exchange); and

in the event that the aggregate net proceeds from the issuance of any Other First Out
First Lien Debt on or prior to the Closing Date are not sufficient to repay in full the holders of Existing Term Loans under the TLB-2 and to consummate the TLB-2 Refinancing (as defined below under First Lien First Out Credit Facilities
Use of Proceeds), STG may elect by delivery of prior written notice to the Consenting Term Lenders (the First-Out Closing Notice) to offer to all holders of Existing Term Loans under the TLB-2 the right to exchange
(such exchange, the TLB-2 Exchange) on a dollar-for-dollar basis each holders Existing Term Loans under the TLB-2 into First Out First Lien Term Loans on the same terms and conditions as the TLB-5 (the First-Out
TLB-5), other than in respect of pricing and maturity, which pricing and maturity of the First-Out TLB-5 will remain the same as under the existing TLB-2, with accrued and unpaid interest on the exchanged TLB-2 as of the Closing Date of
the TLB-2 Exchange being deemed accrued on the corresponding First-Out TLB-5. Any First-Out Closing Notice shall also include the Companys election as to whether to consummate either the AHG First-Out Notes Exchanges (as defined below) in lieu
of (in full or in part) the AHG Bond Repurchases (as defined below).

STGs election as to whether to consummate either the AHG First-Out Notes Exchanges
or the AHG Bond Repurchase is referred to as the First-Out Closing Election and the consummation of the Transactions giving effect to the First-Out Closing Election is referred to as the First-Out Closing.

On the Closing Date,
STG shall issue (i) approximately $432 million aggregate principal amount of second lien secured notes (the Second Lien Notes and, as applicable, together with any pari second lien debt which may be incurred in the future,
Second Lien Debt), in exchange for Existing Secured Notes held by one or more identified existing holders of Existing Secured Notes in an aggregate principal amount of approximately $432 million (the Second Lien
Exchanging Creditors) (such exchange, the Identified Holder Existing Secured Notes Exchange), with accrued and unpaid interest on the exchanged amount of Existing Secured Notes so exchanged as of the Closing Date being
paid in cash on the Closing Date and (ii) at STGs option, no more than $50 million aggregate principal amount of Second Lien Notes for cash sold to certain other purchasers of Second Lien Notes, provided,

4 

for the avoidance of doubt, that the Transactions are not conditioned on any amount of Second Lien Notes being issued for
cash and provided, further, that any debt and lien incurrence capacity under the Second Lien Notes for STG to sell such up to $50 million of Second Lien Notes for cash, if not so sold as of the Closing Date, will not survive beyond the Closing Date
absent the consent of the requisite holders of the Second Lien Notes.

Existing RCF loans and commitments held by non-consenting holders that
do not participate in and consent to the Existing RCF Exchange will remain under the Existing Credit Agreement and related documentation, subject to the amendments and modifications described herein, including exit consents to subordinate the liens
securing the Existing RCF to the liens securing the First Lien Debt and Second Lien Debt and to eliminate substantially all covenants, events of default and related definitions in the Existing Credit Agreement (the Existing RCF, as so modified and
amended, the Third Lien RCF).

Existing Term Loans held by non-consenting holders that do not participate in and consent
to the Term Loan Exchanges will be modified to become third lien obligations (the Third Lien Term Loan and, as applicable, together with the Third Lien RCF and any future pari third lien debt which may be incurred in the future,
Third Lien Debt), and remain outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement and related documentation, subject to the amendments described herein including exit consents to subordinate the liens securing the Third Lien Term Loans
to the liens securing the First Lien Debt and Second Lien Debt and to eliminate substantially all covenants, events of default and related definitions in the Existing Credit Agreement.

Existing Secured
Notes held by non-consenting holders that do not participate in and consent to the Existing Secured Notes Exchange will have all of the collateral securing the Existing Secured Notes released and such notes will be unsecured notes (the
4.125% Unsecured Notes), and remain outstanding under the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture and related documentation, subject to the amendments described herein, including exit consents to eliminate substantially all covenants,
events of default and related definitions in the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture and to release all security interests and, if and as applicable, terminate existing security and intercreditor documentation in connection therewith.

On the Closing Date, the Company will prepay, exchange, repurchase, redeem or otherwise
refinance approximately $59.3 million aggregate principal amount of the Existing Secured Notes held by Ad Hoc Group members (at 84% to par, subject to the foregoing cap) (the AHG 4.125% Bond Repurchase) and up to approximately
$104.2 million aggregate principal amount of STGs existing 5.125% senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes) held by Ad Hoc Group members (at 97% to par, subject to the foregoing cap) (the
AHG 5.125% Bond Repurchase, and together with the AHG 4.125% Bond Repurchase, the AHG Bond Repurchases), in each case

5 

together with accrued interest thereon, unless, in connection with a First-Out Closing Election, the Company elects (in lieu of consummation the AHG Bond Repurchases, in full or in part) to issue (the selection of the following
clauses (a) and (b) following a First-Out Closing Election being at the sole election of each applicable Ad Hoc Group member) (a) additional First-Out TLB-5 term loans in exchange for the Existing Secured Notes and/or Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes
held by Ad Hoc Group members at 97% to par for the Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes and 84% to par for the Existing Secured Notes or (b) first out first lien secured notes in exchange for Existing Secured Notes (such first out first lien notes, the
AHG 4.125% First-Out Notes) and/or Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes (such first out first lien notes, the AHG 5.125% First-Out Notes, and together with the AHG 4.125% First-Out Notes, the AHG First-Out
Notes) on terms substantially consistent with the terms for the Second Out First Lien Notes described herein, after giving effect to the Documentation Principles (as hereinafter defined), other than in respect of collateral and liens
(which shall reflect the first out first lien structure), pricing and maturity, which pricing and maturity of the AHG 4.125% First-Out Notes and AHG 5.125% First-Out Notes will remain the same as the respective pricing and maturity of the Existing
Secured Notes and the Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes, respectively, so exchanged except that the AHG First-Out Notes will include a call right permitting the Company to repurchase or redeem for cash the AHG 4.125% First-Out Notes at a price of 84% to
par and the AHG 5.125% First-Out Notes at a price of 97% to par (such exchanges, the AHG First-Out Notes Exchanges). The Company shall repurchase or redeem for cash the AHG 4.125% First-Out Notes at a price of 84% to par and the
AHG 5.125% First-Out Notes at a price of 97% to par upon completion of the TLB-2 Refinancing.

Tax Structuring 

The Transactions shall be structured in a tax efficient manner, taking
into account the tax considerations of the Company and its affiliates.

Rating Agency Requirement 

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to have the
backstopped First Out First Lien Term Loan (if any), the Second Out First Lien Term Loans and the Second Lien Notes rated by Moodys and S&P within 30 days of the Initial Closing Date (provided that any such ratings of Second Out First Lien
Term Loans may be included as part of the overall ratings of one or more of the other applicable First Lien Term Loans, and the Company may request that they be so included).

6 

First Out First Lien Credit Facilities

Facility Size 

(i) $1,175 million aggregate principal amount of backstopped First Out
First Lien Term Loan (plus any TLB-5 Increase), and (ii) up to $650 million in aggregate commitments under the First Out First Lien RCF (which may be drawn on the applicable Closing Date to partially fund the Transactions as described under
First Out First Lien Credit Facilities Use of Proceeds below). For the avoidance of doubt, the maximum amount of cash that is required to be funded by the Backstop Parties pursuant to the Backstop Commitment shall not exceed an
aggregate of $1,175 million.

Any Other First Out First Lien Debt that is incurred on
or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall be applied as described under First Out First Lien Credit FacilitiesUse of Proceeds below.

Any Other First Out First Lien Debt incurred after the applicable Closing Date (including
after the date the funded First Out First Lien Term Loan is funded utilizing the Backstop Commitment (any such Closing Date, the Backstop Closing Date)) shall be permitted under the First Lien Credit Facilities to the extent that
the net proceeds of such debt are applied first to (x) repay outstanding principal, together with any accrued interest thereon and any applicable prepayment premium, fees and expenses, under the First Out First Lien Term Loans (whether in the form
of new money TLB-5 or in the form of First-Out TLB-5) on a dollar-for-dollar basis and (y) repurchase the AHG First-Out Notes, if any, at the repurchase prices specified herein (together with any accrued interest thereon), until paid in full,
provided that the aggregate principal amount of such Other First Out First Lien Debt, together with any other outstanding First Out Debt is not in excess of the sum of (1) approximately $1,428
million1 (which amount may not be reborrowed after repayment other than in connection with permitted refinancings), (2) $650 million (provided that the amount under this clause (2) may only be
utilized for revolving credit facilities provided by commercial banks) and (3) the amount of Existing Secured Notes and/or Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes repurchased in cash (and not financed with debt) in connection with the AHG Bond Repurchases,
plus the amount of any accrued interest, paid in kind interest, fees including prepayment fees or premiums and expenses in connection with permitted refinancings thereof, minus voluntary permanent prepayments (accompanied by permanent
commitment reductions in the case of revolving credit facilities) and mandatory prepayments thereof made in respect of certain dispositions, casualty or condemnation events or excess cash flow thereunder (the First Out Debt
Cap).

1 

To be adjusted as mutually agreed but to be in an amount no less than the amount necessary to consummate the
TLB-2 Refinancing, to consummate the AHG Bond Repurchases, and to pay related fees and expenses in connection with the Transactions. 

Borrower / Guarantors 

Borrower: STG

Guarantors:
Same as Existing Credit Agreement (collectively, together with the Borrower, the Loan Parties)

Lenders 

The First Out First Lien Term Loan is fully backstopped on a committed
basis (as further detailed in the TSA) by certain members of the Ad Hoc Group (the Backstop Parties), who commit to provide the TLB-5 on the terms and conditions of the TSA (including this Term Sheet and the other attachments to
the TSA).

Use of Proceeds 

Proceeds of the First Out First Lien Term Loan or of Other First Out
First Lien Debt (if any) will be used, together with (as applicable), the proceeds of the Second Lien Notes purchased with new money (if any) and cash on hand and/or draws on one or more revolving credit facilities (as applicable), to prepay,
exchange, redeem or otherwise refinance all of the Existing Term Loans under the TLB-2 (or the First Out First Lien Term Loans constituting the First-Out TLB-5), together with accrued interest thereon and related fee and expenses in connection
therewith (the TLB-2 Refinancing), to consummate the AHG Bond Repurchases, and to pay related fees and expenses in connection with the Transactions (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no condition to closing
the Transactions that a TLB-2 Refinancing shall have been consummated in the event of a First-Out Closing Election).

The First Out First Lien RCF (if any) will be used (in addition to any applicable draws
described above) to replace the portion of the Existing RCF held by the applicable holders who participate in the Existing RCF Exchange, including effectively refinancing and replacing or rolling over any drawn and outstanding portion of the
Existing RCF (including any outstanding letters of credit) as of the date of the Existing RCF Exchange.

Priority / Ranking 

The First Out First Lien Credit Facilities shall consist of
super-priority First Out First Lien Term Loans and super-priority First Out First Lien RCF which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be secured on a pari passu basis by first priority liens, which shall be pari passu in lien priority with the liens
securing Other First Out First Lien Debt (if any) and the liens securing the Second Out Debt, and senior in lien priority to the Second Lien Debt and the Third Lien Debt, respectively, subject to intercreditor arrangements described herein and in
Annex B attached hereto. The First Out First Lien Credit Facilities shall be pari passu in payment priority with the Other First Out First Lien Debt (if any) and shall be senior in right of payment to the Second Out Debt, subject to
intercreditor arrangements described herein and in Annex B attached hereto.

8 

Security / Collateral 

The First Out First Lien Credit Facilities shall be secured by a first
out first priority lien on the present and future assets of the Loan Parties that secure or would secure the obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement, and subject to the same exceptions, exclusions and thresholds as set forth therein (but
subject to the provisions specified under Limitations on Priming Financings and other Liability Management Transactions in Annex A attached hereto).

Documentation Principles 

The First Out First Lien Credit Facilities are to be documented under
credit documentation separate from the Existing Credit Agreement, but under the same credit agreement as the Second Out First Lien Term Loans and may be under the same credit agreement as any loans constituting Other First Out First Lien Debt,
subject to intercreditor arrangements described herein and the Documentation Principles (as hereinafter defined). The First Out First Lien RCF (if any) may be documented under credit documentation separate from the First Lien Term Loans and Other
First Out First Lien Debt (for the avoidance of doubt, Other First Out First Lien Debt may also take the form of bonds or notes, which shall be documented under separate arrangements).

One or more new
collateral trust and intercreditor arrangements in form and substance consistent with Annex B attached hereto which shall provide, among other things, (i) First Lien Debt lien priority over Second Lien Debt and Third Lien Debt, respectively,
(ii) First Out Debt priority over Second Out Debt as to the application of proceeds with respect to, and distributions made on account of (x) collateral and (y) any amounts received during an event of default or pursuant to an insolvency proceeding
or in connection with the exercise of remedies including any acceleration under the First Lien Debt, and (iii) Second Lien Debt lien priority over Third Lien Debt.

The First Out First Lien Credit Facilities will contain the terms, conditions,
representations, warranties, covenants and events of default contained in this Term Sheet (including the terms set forth in Annex A attached hereto) and will otherwise be substantially identical, in all material respects, with the Existing
Credit Agreement, as modified to reflect (i) the terms set forth in this Term Sheet (including Annex A attached hereto), (ii) modifications to the existing capital structure of the Company as a result of the Transactions including exceptions
that implement, give effect to, permit and/or otherwise relate to the Transactions, (iii) modifications to reflect any relevant changes in law since the date of the Existing Credit Agreement and (iv) the giving of due consideration to any terms in
any Other First Out First Lien Debt incurred prior to or substantially concurrently with the other indebtedness incurred in connection with the Transactions (the foregoing is referred to herein, collectively, as the Documentation
Principles).

9 

Interest 

TLB-5 (in the form of backstopped TLB-5): Per the Premium Letter, to
the extent the Backstop Commitments are funded. Rates and pricing terms (solely with respect to such facility) to be determined by syndicated marketing process, to the extent that the TLB-5 is obtained as Other First Out First Lien Debt.

TLB-5 (in the form of
First-Out TLB-5): SOFR + 250 bps (0 bps floor) (same as existing TLB-2 Facility).

OID 

TLB-5 (in the form of backstopped TLB-5): Per the Premium Letter, to
the extent the Backstop Commitments are funded.

For First-Out TLB-5: none

Amortization 

1.0% per annum, commencing with the first full fiscal quarter after
the Closing Date (or, for the First-Out TLB-5, the first fiscal quarter after the Closing Date)

Tenor 

First Out First Lien Term Loan (in the form of backstopped TLB-5):
September 30, 2029, with springing maturity in the event that more than $25 million principal amount of any TLB-3, TLB-4, or Existing Secured Notes or 5.500% senior notes due 2030 of STG under the indenture dated as of November 27, 2019 (the
Existing 2030 Unsecured Notes) remains outstanding on the date that is 9 months prior to its respective stated maturity date of such existing outstanding debt (as any such date may be extended in connection with any amendment,
refinancing or replacement of such debt), with only the principal amount of such existing debt tranche outstanding on the date that is 9 months prior to its stated maturity date counting towards the $25 million limit for such tranche.

First Out First Lien
Term Loan (in the form of First-Out TLB-5): September 30, 2026 (same as existing TLB-2 Facility).

First Out First Lien RCF: The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to have
the stated maturity extended to no earlier than the date that is approximately five years from the Initial Closing Date (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the consummation of the Transactions are not conditioned on the consummation of the
Existing RCF Exchange on any certain terms or at all)

10 

Call Protection 

NC-2 (subject to T+50 make-whole) / 102% (year 3) / 101% (year 4) / par
(backstopped First Out First Lien Term Loans only), in each case, payable upon voluntary prepayment and/or acceleration of the loans

Make-whole / call protection language to include insolvency and acceleration
protections.

First-Out TLB-5: none

Mandatory Prepayments 

Substantially consistent with the Existing Credit Agreement, with the following modifications in respect of asset sale prepayment and
reinvestment provisions:

$75 million for any single transaction or series of related transactions (or $150 million
in the aggregate for all such transactions or related transactions of less than $75 million per fiscal year) as the consideration threshold for general asset sale basket application to trigger Prepayment Event (vs. greater of $300
million and 33% of Consolidated EBITDA in Existing Credit Agreement).

Elimination of other general asset sales basket provided in Section 6.05(u) of the
Existing Credit Agreement.

365-day plus one 180-day reinvestment period (vs. 450 days plus two 180-day reinvestments
period in Existing Credit Agreement).

Designated Non-Cash Consideration cap of $40 million (vs. greater of $330 million and 5%
of Consolidated Total Assets in Existing Credit Agreement). Cannot be used for any Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions (as defined in Annex A attached hereto).

Elimination of
leverage-based step-downs on asset sale sweep amount to 50% and 0%.

Elimination of Separation Transaction exception provided in Section 6.05(t) of
the Existing Credit Agreement.

50% Excess Cash Flow sweep to be added to First Out
First Lien Term Loan (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, any First-Out TLB-5), and with step-downs to 25% and 0% based on first lien net leverage ratios of 4.0x and 3.0x, respectively. Excess Cash Flow, and with Excess Cash Flow to be
defined in a manner consistent with the definition contained in, and with substantially similar provisions as to Excess Cash Flow above-the-line deductions, below-the-line sweep amount credits and dollar threshold provisions as those contained in,
the First Lien Credit Agreement dated as of March 1, 2022 among Diamond Sports Intermediate Holdings LLC, Diamond Sports Group, the lenders party thereto and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB (the DSG First Lien Credit
Agreement), except (1) the calculation

11 

of Excess Cash Flow (x) for the 2025 measurement period shall be calculated for the 2025 fiscal year only and (y) after the 2025 fiscal year measurement period will be calculated based on the amount of Excess Cash Flow for the most
recently completed eight consecutive fiscal quarters divided by two, (2) the deduction in clause (b)(iii) of the definition of Excess Cash Flow of the DSG First Lien Credit Agreement will be limited to mandatory prepayments of indebtedness (and any
associated premiums or penalties) and amortization payments of Third Lien Term Loans or other applicable junior indebtedness rather than principal payments of any indebtedness other than prepayments of first lien indebtedness, (3) the deduction in
clause (b)(vii) of the definition of Excess Cash Flow of the DSG First Lien Credit Agreement will be modified to exclude investments made utilizing the unlimited ratio-based investment basket and otherwise include only investments made for bona-fide
business purposes in persons other than Restricted Subsidiaries, (4) the deduction in clause (b)(viii) of the definition of Excess Cash Flow of the DSG First Lien Credit Agreement will be limited to certain restricted payments paid in cash for
certain payments such as permitted parent overhead costs and expenses including for permitted tax distributions (but not restricted payments utilizing the unlimited ratio-based, the general or the regular quarterly dividend restricted payments
baskets), (5) the deduction in clause (b)(x) of the definition of Excess Cash Flow of the DSG First Lien Credit Agreement as to projected, certified cash expenditures will be modified to (a) limit the projected cash expenditure period to no more
than 12 months from notice of election to so project such expenditure by the Company and (b) treat any applicable contract consideration or planned expenditure payable in cash to be treated as if such cash were restricted for cash
netting purposes until and when such cash expenditures are actually made, and if the cash amount actually expended on such relevant projected amounts during the relevant Excess Cash Flow measurement period is less than the previously
projected and restricted amounts, such shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow (and not be deducted therefrom) at the end of the relevant measurement period, and if such calculation would result in any Excess Cash Flow
prepayment being required, such payment will include interest (at the rate payable under the prepaid term loan) on the principal amount of any Excess Cash Flow prepayment that would have been required at an earlier date but for such election to
project such planned expenditures and (6) the provisions contained in Section 2.11(d) of the DSG First Lien Credit Agreement will be modified to include as below-the-line credits to the required Excess Cash Flow sweep amount (in addition to
prepayments and buy-backs of first lien term loans), prepayments of other first lien debt (and any associated premiums or penalties) including prepayments of first lien revolving credit facilities accompanied by permanent commitment reductions
thereof, and repurchases or redemptions of the Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes with internally generated cash flow.

12 

Maintenance Covenant 

First Lien Term Loans: none (same as the Existing Credit
Agreement).

Affirmative Covenants 

Substantially the same as the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified
to reflect the Documentation Principles.

Negative Covenants 

Substantially the same as the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified
to reflect the Documentation Principles.

Representations and Warranties 

Substantially the same as the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified
to reflect the Documentation Principles.

Events of Default 

Substantially the same as the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified
to reflect the Documentation Principles.

Conditions Precedent 

The borrowing under the First Out First Lien Term Loan on the Backstop
Closing Date (or, as applicable, the consummation of the First-Out Closing on the Closing Date), and the effectiveness, incurrence, and availability (as applicable) of each of the applicable First Lien Credit Facilities, shall be subject solely to
the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 10 of the TSA.

Notwithstanding anything in the TSA, the Definitive Documents or any other letter
agreement or other undertaking concerning the Transactions to the contrary, the terms of the Definitive Documents shall be in forms such that they do not impair the availability of the First Lien Credit Facilities on the applicable Closing Date, as
contemplated by this Term Sheet, if the conditions set forth in Section 10 of the TSA are satisfied. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the TSA to the contrary, to the extent any lien search, guaranty or any collateral (or the creation or
perfection of any security interest therein) is not or cannot be provided and/or perfected on the Backstop Closing Date or other applicable Closing Date (other than (x) delivery of stock or other equity certificates of Borrower (by Sinclair
Broadcast Group, LLC), subsidiaries of the Borrower or other Loan Parties which are subsidiaries of the Borrower (to the extent required hereunder) and (y) the perfection of security interests in assets with respect to which a lien may be perfected
by the filing of a financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code) after the Borrowers use of commercially reasonable efforts to do so, then the provision of such lien search, guaranty or collateral (or the creation or perfection of any
security interest therein) shall not constitute a condition precedent to the availability of the applicable First Lien Credit Facilities on the Backstop Closing Date or other applicable Closing Date, but instead shall be required to be delivered
within 90 days after the applicable Closing Date (or such later date as may be reasonably agreed by the collateral agent for the First Lien Credit Facilities).

13 

Exit Consents 

As part of their respective Consents to the Transactions, all
Consenting Term Lenders and consenting lenders in the Existing RCF will agree to provide exit consents to (i) eliminate substantially all covenants, events of default and related definitions in the Existing Credit Agreement, (ii) subordinate the
liens securing the Existing Credit Agreement as contemplated by this Term Sheet and (iii) permit the Transactions and enter into related documentation including the applicable intercreditor documentation described herein.

Second Out Debt

Aggregate Size 

Up to approximately $1,691 million aggregate principal amount, based
on the amount of (i) Existing Term Loans constituting TLB-3 refinanced and/or exchanged (via refinancing amendments or otherwise) into TLB-6 (Second Out First Lien Term Loans maturing December 31, 2029), (ii) Existing Term Loans constituting the
TLB-4 refinanced and/or exchanged (via refinancing amendments or otherwise) into TLB-7 (Second Out First Lien Term Loans maturing December 31, 2030), and (iii) Existing Secured Notes exchanged into Second Out First Lien Notes (provided, for the
avoidance of doubt, that the consummation of the Transactions are not conditioned on consummation of the Existing Secured Note Exchange)

Borrower / Issuer / Guarantors 

Same as First Out First Lien Credit Facilities

Priority / Ranking 

Second Out Debt shall consist of Second Out First Lien Term Loans and
Second Out First Lien Notes which shall be secured by second out priority first liens, which shall be senior in lien priority to the liens securing the Second Lien Debt and the Third Lien Debt and pari passu in lien priority but junior in payment
priority with the First Out Debt, pursuant to the intercreditor arrangements described herein and in Annex B attached hereto.

Security / Collateral 

The Second Out Debt shall be secured by a second out first priority
lien on the same security/collateral as the First Out First Lien Credit Facilities.

14 

Documentation Principles 

Second Out First Lien Term Loans are to be documented under credit
documentation separate from the Existing Credit Agreement, but under the same credit agreement as that which will govern any terms loans under the First Out First Lien Credit Facilities and any term loans constituting Other First Out First Lien
Debt, subject to the intercreditor arrangements described herein and in Annex B attached hereto.

Second Out First Lien Notes are to be documented under an indenture and other note
documentation separate from the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture and other note documentation governing the Existing Secured Notes and the Second Lien Notes and separate from any other documentation governing any notes constituting Other First Out
First Lien Debt, subject to the intercreditor arrangements described herein and in Annex B attached hereto. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the relevant note documentation provides that any modifications to
the documents governing the Second Out First Lien Term Loans (including covenant waivers and amendments and modifications to Collateral or lien priority) will result in corresponding modifications to the documents governing the Second Out First Lien
Notes.

As of the
date of incurrence of Other First Out First Lien Debt that is obtained in connection with the Transactions, the terms and conditions for the Second Out First Term Loans (excluding pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors, discounts, fees,
premiums and prepayment or redemption provisions) shall not be less restrictive (when taken as a whole) than the terms and conditions of such Other First Out First Lien Debt (as determined by the Company in its good faith judgment), except for
reasonable and customary differences due to the relevant Other First Out First Lien Debt being in the form of bonds or notes subject to an indenture. When readily available and not less than two Business Days prior to the (i) launch of any offering
of such Other First Out First Lien Debt (to the extent in the form of debt securities), Borrower shall provide Milbank and Perella drafts of the description of notes and description of intercreditor arrangements (or
comparably entitled sections of the relevant offering document or materials) for such Other First Out First Lien Debt, or (ii) closing date with respect to such Other First Out First Lien Debt (to the extent in the form of loans or other debt
instrument(s) not in the form of securities), Borrower shall provide Milbank and Perella drafts of the principal governing documents for such Other First Out First Lien Debt.

15 

One or more new collateral trust and intercreditor arrangements in form
and substance consistent with Annex B attached hereto which shall provide, among other things, (i) First Lien Debt lien priority over Second Lien Debt and Third Lien Debt, respectively, (ii) First Out Debt priority over Second Out Debt as to
the application of proceeds with respect to, and distributions made on account of (x) collateral and (y) any amounts received during an event of default or pursuant to an insolvency proceeding or in connection with the exercise of remedies including
any acceleration under the First Lien Debt, and (iii) Second Lien Debt lien priority over Third Lien Debt. The controlling agent in respect of the First Out Debt will have customary control rights as to the exercise of rights and remedies in respect
of collateral and in connection with insolvency proceedings.

The Second Out Debt will contain the terms, conditions, representations, warranties,
covenants and events of default contained in this Term Sheet (including the terms set forth in Annex A attached hereto) and, except as set forth in this Term Sheet, will otherwise be substantially identical, in all material respects, with (in
the case of the Second Out First Lien Term Loans), the Existing Credit Agreement or (in the case of the Second Out First Lien Notes), the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture, in each case, as modified to reflect the Documentation
Principles.

Interest 

Second Out First Lien Term Loans: (i) in the case of the TLB-6,
SOFR + 330 bps (0% floor) and (ii) in the case of the TLB-7, SOFR + 410 bps (0% floor)2

Second Out First Lien Notes: 4.375%

Amortization 

Second Out First Lien Term Loan: 1.0% per annum, commencing with
the first full fiscal quarter after the Closing Date

Second Out First Lien Notes: None

Tenor 

TLB-6: December 31, 2029

TLB-7: December 31, 2030

Second Out First
Lien Notes: December 31, 2032

Each of the Second Out First Lien Term Loans will include a springing maturity in the
event that more than $25 million principal amount of any TLB-3, TLB-4, Existing Secured Notes or Existing 2030 Unsecured Notes remains outstanding on the date that is 91 days prior to its respective stated maturity date of such existing outstanding
debt (as any such date may be extended in connection with any amendment, refinancing or replacement of such debt), with only the principal amount of such existing debt tranche outstanding on the date that is 91 days prior to its stated maturity date
counting towards the $25 million limit for such tranche.

Call Protection 

TLB-6 and TLB-7: none (same as Existing Credit Agreement)

Second Out First
Lien Notes: Call schedule unchanged from 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture

2 

If, as a result of a reduction in SOFR prior to the Closing Date, the interest rate of the TLB-6 or TLB-7 set
forth above would result in a significant modification of the TLB-3 or TLB-4 under Treas. Reg. Section 1.1001-3(e)(2), then the interest rate of the TLB-6 and/or TLB-7, as applicable, shall be reduced to the extent necessary to
avoid such significant modification. 

16 

Mandatory Prepayments 

Substantially consistent with the Existing Credit Agreement and the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture, as applicable, subject to with the
following modifications in respect of asset sale prepayment / offer and reinvestment provisions:

$75 million for any single transaction or series of related transactions as the
consideration threshold for general asset sale basket application to trigger Prepayment Event under the Existing Credit Agreement / threshold for Asset Sale under the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture (vs. greater of $300
million and 33% of Consolidated EBITDA in existing debt documents).

Elimination of other general asset sales basket provided in Section 6.05(u) of the
Existing Credit Agreement.

365-day plus one 180-day reinvestment period (vs. 450 days plus two 180-day reinvestments
period in existing debt documents).

Designated Non-Cash Consideration cap of $40 million (vs. greater of $330 million and 5%
of Consolidated Total Assets in Existing Credit Agreement). Cannot be used for any Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions (as defined in Annex A attached hereto).

Elimination of
leverage-based step-downs on asset sale sweep amount to 50% and 0%.

Elimination of Separation Transaction exception provided in Section 6.05(t) of
the Existing Credit Agreement / clause (w) of the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture.

50% Excess Cash Flow (to be defined the same as such term is defined in, and with the same related provisions as will be contained in, the First Out First Lien
Term Loan) sweep to be added to Second Out First Lien Term Loan, with step-downs to 25% and 0% based on first lien net leverage ratios of 4.0x and 3.0x.

Until the First Out First Lien Term Loan (and Other First Out First Lien Debt, if any) is paid in full, all asset sale prepayments (and, in respect of any
notes constituting Other First Out First Lien Debt and the Second Out First Lien Notes, asset sale offer amounts) and Excess Cash Flow prepayments shall be offered first to the First Out First Lien Credit Facilities (and Other First Out First Lien
Debt, if any) prior to being offered to applicable Second Out First Lien Debt.

17 

Maintenance Covenant 

None (same as Existing Term Loans and Existing Secured
Notes)

Affirmative Covenants 

Substantially the same as the Existing Credit Agreement and the 4.125%
Secured Notes Indenture, as applicable, as modified to reflect the Documentation Principles.

Negative Covenants 

Substantially the same as the Existing Credit Agreement and the 4.125%
Secured Notes Indenture, as applicable, as modified to reflect the Documentation Principles.

Representations and Warranties 

Substantially the same as the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified
to reflect the Documentation Principles.

Events of Default 

Substantially the same as the Existing Credit Agreement and the 4.125%
Secured Notes Indenture, as applicable, as modified to reflect the Documentation Principles.

Conditions Precedent 

Substantially the same as the First Out First Lien Credit
Facilities.

Exit Consents 

As part of their respective Consents to the Transactions, all
Consenting Term Lenders and Consenting Noteholders will agree to provide exit consents to (i) eliminate substantially all covenants, events of default and related definitions in the Existing Credit Agreement and the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture,
respectively, and release all of the collateral securing the Existing Secured Notes and, if and as applicable, terminate existing security and intercreditor documentation in connection with the Existing Secured Notes, (ii) subordinate the liens
securing the Existing Credit Agreement as contemplated by this Term Sheet and (iii) permit the Transactions and enter into related documentation including the applicable intercreditor documentation described herein.

18 

Second Lien Notes

Facility Size 

Approximately $432 million aggregate principal amount, based on the
amount of Existing Secured Notes exchanged for Second Lien Notes by the Second Lien Exchanging Creditors pursuant to the Identified Holder Existing Secured Notes Exchange, plus, at STGs option, up to $50 million aggregate principal amount sold
to certain other purchasers of Second Lien Notes for cash, provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Transactions are not conditioned on any amount of Second Lien Notes being issued for cash and provided, further, that any debt and lien
incurrence capacity under the Second Lien Notes for STG to sell such up to $50 million of Second Lien Notes for cash, if not so sold as of the Closing Date, will not survive beyond the Closing Date absent the consent of the requisite holders of the
Second Lien Notes.

Issuer / Guarantors 

Same as First Out First Lien Credit Facilities

Priority / Ranking 

Second Lien Notes shall be secured by second priority liens, which
shall be senior in lien priority to the liens securing the Third Lien Debt and junior in lien priority to the First Out Debt and the Second Out Debt.

Security / Collateral 

The Second Lien Notes shall be secured by a second priority lien on
the same security/collateral as the First Lien Credit Facilities.

Documentation Principles 

Second Lien Notes to be documented under an indenture and other note
documentation separate from the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture and other note documentation governing the Existing Secured Notes or the Second Out First Lien Notes and separate from any other documentation governing any notes constituting Other
First Out First Lien Debt, subject to intercreditor arrangements described herein.

One or more new collateral trust and intercreditor arrangements in form and substance
consistent with Annex B attached hereto.

The Second Lien Notes will contain the terms, conditions, representations, warranties,
covenants and events of default contained in this Term Sheet (including the terms set forth in Annex A attached hereto) and, except as set forth in this Term Sheet, will otherwise be substantially identical, in all material respects, with the
4.125% Secured Notes Indenture, in each case, as modified to reflect the Documentation Principles including the modifications specified below (including under Negative Covenants and Events of Default).

19 

Interest 

9.75%

Tenor 

Eight years from issuance.

Call Protection 

NC-2 (subject to T+50 make-whole), other than in connection with a
change of control or a non-permitted acquisition, merger or other investment or business combination transaction during the first two years (in which case of such change of control or non-permitted transaction event, the call premium, expressed as a
percentage of coupon, will be 100%), and thereafter, subject to a call premium, expressed as a percentage of coupon, of 75% (year 3), 50% (year 4), 25% (year five) and at par three years prior to maturity and thereafter.

Mandatory Prepayments 

Substantially consistent with the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture,
subject to modifications in respect of asset sale offer and reinvestment provisions as are consistent with the modifications to be effected in the Second Out First Lien Notes, with appropriate modifications for second lien nature of the Second Lien
Notes and subject to applicable intercreditor arrangements.

Maintenance Covenant 

None

Affirmative Covenants 

Substantially the same as the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture, as
modified to reflect the Documentation Principles.

Negative Covenants 

Substantially the same as the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture, as
modified to reflect (i) the Documentation Principles, (ii) the second lien nature of the Second Lien Notes, and (iii) basket sizes and dollar thresholds (including grower prongs) being subject to 20% cushions as compared with the applicable First
Lien Debt and ratio sizing being subject to 0.25x cushions as compared with the applicable First Lien Debt ratio sizing as of the Closing Date.

20 

Events of Default 

Substantially the same as the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture, as
modified to reflect the Documentation Principles, and with cross-acceleration to First Lien Debt.

Conditions Precedent 

Substantially the same as First Out First Lien Credit
Facilities.

Exit Consents 

As part of their respective Consents to the Transactions, all
Consenting Noteholders (including Second Lien Exchanging Creditors) will agree to provide exit consents to (i) eliminate substantially all covenants, events of default and related definitions in the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture, and release all of
the collateral securing the Existing Secured Notes and, if and as applicable, terminate existing security and intercreditor documentation in connection therewith and (ii) permit the Transactions and enter into related documentation including the
applicable intercreditor documentation described herein.

Third Lien Debt and Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement

Facility Size 

To be determined based on amount of debt represented by holders not
participating or consenting to (i) the Term Loan Exchanges and (ii) the Existing RCF Exchange.

Existing Term Loans and Existing RCF held by non-consenting holders that do not
participate in or consent to the Term Loan Exchanges or Existing RCF Exchange, respectively, will hold Third Lien Debt and remain under the Existing Credit Agreement and related documentation, subject to the amendments described under First
Out First Lien Credit Facilities Exit Consents and Second Out Debt Exist Consents above

Borrower / Guarantors 

Same as under Existing Credit Agreement

Priority / Ranking 

Third Lien Debt shall be secured by third priority liens, which shall
be junior in lien priority to the liens securing the First Out Debt, the Second Out Debt and the Second Lien Debt

Security / Collateral 

The Third Lien Debt shall be secured by a third priority lien on the
same security/collateral as the First Out First Lien Credit Facilities.

21 

Documentation Principles 

Third Lien Debt to remain under the Existing Credit Agreement, subject
to the amendments described under First Out First Lien Credit Facilities Exit Consents and Second Out Debt Exit Consents above

One or more new collateral trust or intercreditor arrangements in form and substance
consistent with Annex B attached hereto.

Interest 

Same as under Existing Credit Agreement

Tenor 

Same as under Existing Credit Agreement

4.125% Unsecured Notes and Amendments to Existing Secured Notes

Facility Size 

To be determined based on amount of debt represented by holders not
participating or consenting to the Existing Secured Note Exchange.

Existing Secured Notes held by non-consenting holders that do not participate in or
consent to the Existing Secured Note Exchange will hold unsecured debt and remain under their existing documentation, subject to the amendments described under Second Out Debt Exit Consents above including, if and as applicable,
the termination of existing security and intercreditor documentation in connection with the Existing Secured Notes.

Issuer / Guarantors 

Same as under 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture

Priority / Ranking 

4.125% Unsecured Notes will be ranked as senior notes which will not
be secured by, nor be entitled to be secured by, any collateral

Security / Collateral 

None; as part of the Transactions and the amendments described under
Second Out Debt Exit Consents above, all of the collateral securing the Existing Secured Notes shall be released

Documentation Principles 

4.125% Unsecured Notes to remain under the 4.125% Secured Notes
Indenture, subject to the amendments described under Second Out Debt Exit Consents above

22 

Interest 

Same as under the Existing Secured Notes

Tenor 

Same as under the Existing Secured Notes

23 

Exhibit B 

Form of Transfer Agreement 

Transfer Agreement to Transaction Support Agreement 

Reference is made to the Transaction Support Agreement (as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the terms thereof, the Agreement) dated as of January 12, 2025, by and among Sinclair Television Group, Inc. (together with certain of its subsidiaries and other affiliates, collectively, the Company) and
certain beneficial holders (or investment managers, advisors or subadvisors for any of the beneficial holders) of Creditor Claims (together with their successors and permitted assigns under the Agreement, each, a Consenting
Creditor), and the other parties thereto.1

The undersigned
(Transferee) hereby acknowledges that it has read and understands the Agreement, by and among the Company and the Consenting Creditors, including the transferor(s) (the Transferor) of the applicable Creditor
Claims to the Transferee, and the Transferee agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions thereof to the extent the Transferor was thereby bound, and shall be deemed a Consenting Creditor under the terms of the Agreement. 

The Transferee specifically agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Agreement and makes all representations and warranties
contained therein as of the date of the relevant Transfer, including the agreement to be bound by the vote of the Transferor if such vote was cast before the effectiveness of the relevant Transfer discussed herein. 

This Transfer Agreement shall be governed by the governing law set forth in the Agreement. 

Date: 

[TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Principal Amount of Creditor Claims: $

1 

Defined terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.,

Exhibit C 

Form of Joinder Agreement 

Joinder Agreement to Transaction Support Agreement

The undersigned hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed and understands the Transaction Support Agreement (as amended, supplemented, or
otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the Agreement) dated as of January 12, 2025, by and among Sinclair Television Group, Inc. (together with certain of its subsidiaries and other
affiliates, collectively, the Company), and certain beneficial holders (or investment managers, advisors or subadvisors for any of the beneficial holders) of Creditor Claims (together with their successors and permitted assigns
under the Agreement, each, a Consenting Creditor and, collectively, the Consenting Creditors), and the other parties thereto, and the undersigned agrees to be bound as a Consenting Creditor by the terms and
conditions thereof binding on the Consenting Creditors with respect to all Creditor Claims held by the undersigned.1

The undersigned hereby makes the representations and warranties of the Consenting Creditors under the Agreement to each other Party, effective
as of the date hereof. 

This Joinder Agreement shall be governed by the governing law set forth in the Agreement. 

Date: 

[TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Principal Amount of Creditor Claims: $

1 

Defined terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.

Annex A 

[See Attached] 

ANNEX A to Transaction Support Agreement Term Sheet 

A. KEY NEGATIVE COVENANTS AND BASKETS AND EXCEPTIONS1

First Lien
Debt2 

Second Lien Notes

Consolidated EBITDA definition Consolidated EBITDA (and component definitions thereof) to be as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement, except that (1) any add-backs pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA, other than such
amounts attributable to actions taken or initiated before the Closing Date or already included in Consolidated EBITDA for historical periods (which historical exceptions shall be for items disclosed to the Ad Hoc Advisors on December 30, 2024)
and/or attributable to specifically identifiable and measurable contractual retransmission revenue from contracts acquired in connection with permitted acquisitions and investments in the broadcast industry, shall be capped at 20% of Consolidated
EBITDA for any measurement period (prior to giving effect to such add-backs), and with a 12-month look-forward period and (2) management fees paid by or on behalf of Diamond Sports Group, LLC (DSG) to STG or any of its restricted
subsidiaries pursuant to the management services agreement between DSG and STG shall be excluded from Consolidated EBITDA. Same as First Lien Debt.

Ratio calculations Ratios to be calculated in a manner consistent with the Existing Credit Agreement and the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture, as applicable, except that (1) for cash and cash equivalents to be netted from leverage
calculations, such cash and/or cash equivalents must be unrestricted and not constitute the proceeds of long-term (non-revolver draw) indebtedness incurred to finance the relevant transaction for which the relevant ratio is being tested, (2) the
calculation of net leverage ratios shall not include approximately $121 million of cash tax payments related to the Diamond Sports Group bankruptcy (with such cash amount restricted for cash netting purposes to be reduced as and when tax
payments are made) and (3) any cash proceeds of any debt incurrence which incurrence is the relevant transaction for which the relevant ratio is being tested shall not be netted. Same as First Lien Debt.

1 

Unless specified in the chart below or in the Transaction Support Agreement (including the Term Sheet and other
attachments thereto) to which this annex is attached (the TSA), the Definitive Documents shall have terms and conditions substantially identical, in all material respects, with those contained (x) in respect of the First Lien
Credit Facilities, in the Existing Credit Agreement and applicable loan documentation entered in connection therewith (or, solely in respect of the First Out First Lien RCF, such other terms as may be agreed by the lenders providing the First Out
First Lien RCF, provided that such other terms do not directly and adversely affect the terms of the First Out First Lien Term Loans or the Second Out First Lien Term Loans) and (y) in respect of the Second Out First Lien Notes and the Second
Lien Notes, in the 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture and applicable note documentation entered in connection therewith (or, solely in respect of the Second Out First Lien Notes, such other terms as may be agreed by the noteholders participating in the
Existing Secured Notes Exchange, provided that the terms of the Second Out First Lien Notes are not materially more favorable (taken as a whole) to such noteholders than the terms of the First Out First Lien Term Loans or the Second Out First Lien
Term Loans are to the lenders of the First Lien Credit Facilities, as determined by the Company in good faith), in each case, subject to the Documentation Principles. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective
meanings ascribed thereto in the TSA. 

2 

For purposes of this annex, First Lien Debt terms refer to the terms of the applicable First Lien Credit
Facilities and the Second Out First Lien Notes (subject to footnote 1 to this annex above). 

2 

First Lien
Debt2 

Second Lien Notes

It is understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that any reference to ratio tests are to such ratios calculated on a pro forma basis (including, without limitation, giving pro forma effect to the transactions for which such tests are
being run). 

Covenant Suspension Covenant suspension if achieve rating of Baa3 or equivalent (Moodys), BBB- or equivalent (S&P / Fitch) from two of S&P, Moodys and Fitch and no default. Same as First Lien Debt.

Limitations on Priming Financings and other Liability Management Transactions 

Include the following restrictions on Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions.

The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any
Priming Financing/Liability Management Transaction or make any Investment, sale, transfer or disposition of assets or Restricted Payment in connection therewith.

Priming Financing/Liability Management Transaction means (i) any exchange, refinancing, amendment or extension transaction (or any transaction
specifically designed to circumvent the restrictions on Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions) of any existing Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (the Existing LMT Debt) with any other
Indebtedness or preferred equity (including that of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or of any other Person) (the New LMT Debt) in a transaction that is designed to directly or indirectly uptier, or has the effect of,
uptiering, holders of such Existing LMT Debt into contractually, effectively (including as to lien priority or recourse to additional assets or through a double dip or pari plus structure), temporally (i.e.,
inside maturity) or structurally senior New LMT Debt (Priming Debt) or (ii) the issuance of any Priming Debt, in each case, other than certain ordinary course exceptions (of the kind listed below):

Permitted LM
Transactions (as defined herein).

The incurrence of indebtedness to finance an acquisition secured by the acquired assets
and/or guaranteed by an acquired entity, so long as such indebtedness and the acquisition are permitted under the covenants and any acquired assets that constitute Collateral are pledged to the lenders and holders of the Companys other
indebtedness and any acquired restricted subsidiary grants a guarantee of such other indebtedness, in each case to the extent required (and within the periods required) under the applicable credit agreements and indentures.

The refinancing of
ordinary course capital leases or finance leases or of other Indebtedness secured by assets not constituting Collateral with other indebtedness permitted under the debt and lien covenants. Same as First Lien Debt.

INDEBTEDNESS 

3 

First Lien
Debt2 

Second Lien Notes

First-Out Debt 

May only incur first out first lien term debt in connection with the Transactions in an amount sufficient to fund the sources and uses of
such Transactions (as further specified in the definition of First Out Debt Cap in the Term Sheet); such first out first lien term debt shall not have obligors or guarantors other than Loan Parties or be secured by assets other than
Collateral. Such first out first lien debt shall not be reborrowed after repayment, other than in a refinancing that is subject to typical permitted refinancing requirements, including (i) not shortening the stated maturity or weighted average life
to maturity of the debt being refinanced, (ii) not increasing the principal amount (or accreted value of any debt issued with OID), other than reasonable and customary refinancing fees, unpaid and accrued interest, and call premiums and closing
costs and expenses, (iii) not adding obligors or guarantors other than Loan Parties and (iv) not being secured by assets other than Collateral.

May only incur revolving first out first lien debt up to $650 million under the First Lien First Out RCF in the aggregate (including funded amounts and letters
of credit) pursuant to a bona fide revolving facility (i) that is provided by one or more commercial banks, (ii) whose use of proceeds shall be for working capital and other ordinary course uses (including debt interest payments and permitted parent
overhead costs), ordinary course distributions and dividends, permitted investments and permitted restricted payments, except that (x) draws may be made to make RDPs only as long as the Non-Extended TL RDP Basket, the Unsecured/Junior Lien RDP
Basket, Junior Capital Build RDP Basket or the 3.25x RDP Basket is used for such RDP, and (y) draws may be made to permanently retire and repay any remaining revolving loans under the Third Lien RCF, or refinance the Third Lien RCF within 15 months
of maturity of the Third Lien RCF utilizing any available $650 million First Out RCF capacity or available restricted payments or restricted junior debt payments capacity. The First Out RCF and the Third Lien RCF shall not have obligors or
guarantors other than Loan Parties or be secured by assets other than Collateral.

In
the event that the committed principal facility sizes of all revolving credit facilities incurred under clause (b) of the definition of First Out Debt Cap in the Term Sheet and the Third Lien RCF exceed $650 million in the aggregate, no
more than $650 million will be permitted to be drawn (including any letter of credit exposure) in the aggregate under such revolving credit facilities at any one time. N/A, except to permit 1L capacity and, in the case of RCF capacity, to permit first lien (including first out first lien) RCF of up to the greater of $650 million and 75% of Consolidated EBITDA.

Incremental Facility 

May not incur first out first lien incremental debt but may incur second out first lien debt (or debt junior thereto) as incremental debt as
set out below.

Uncommitted Incremental Facilities: Up to the amount equal to the
principal amount of the Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes outstanding at the time any such debt is incurred (and the proceeds of any such incurred amount shall be required to be used to repurchase/redeem outstanding Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes) (such
debt if so incurred and utilized, the Free and Clear Incremental Debt), plus unlimited (i) second out first lien amounts subject to (a) a first lien net leverage ratio of 3.75x or (b) if amounts are used to fund an acquisition or
investment, a no worse first lien net leverage ratio, (ii) junior secured (which may be second lien or lower priority) amounts subject to (a) a total secured net leverage ratio of 5.0x or (b) if amounts are used to fund an acquisition or Substantially consistent with the First Lien Debt (and with ratio capacity described below under Incurrence (Ratio Debt) Exception).

4 

First Lien
Debt2 

Second Lien Notes

investment, a no worse total secured net leverage ratio or (iii) unsecured amounts subject to either (A) (a) a total net leverage ratio of
7.0x or (b) if amounts are used to fund an acquisition or investment, a no worse total net leverage ratio or (B) (a) an interest coverage ratio of 2.0x or (b) if amounts are used to fund an acquisition or investment, a no worse interest coverage
ratio.

Junior lien or unsecured ratio debt under clauses (ii) and (iii) above
subject to not maturing inside of then outstanding TLB-6 and TLB-7. Second out first lien ratio debt under clause (i) above subject to not maturing inside of TLB-6 and TLB-7 (but may be co-terminous including with respect to incremental term loan
facility increases of TLB-6 and/or TLB-7). All incremental facility debt must be borrowed from or issued to non-affiliates and bear interest at then-prevailing market rates, cannot have guarantors or obligors other than Loan Parties and cannot be
secured by assets other than the Collateral. 

Incurrence (Ratio Debt) Exception 

May not incur first out first lien ratio debt but may incur second out first lien debt (or debt junior thereto) as ratio debt as set out
below.

3.75x first lien net leverage for second out first lien debt, 5.0x total
secured net leverage for junior lien debt, and either 7.0x total net leverage or 2.0x interest coverage ratio for unsecured debt, in each case or no worse than the applicable ratio prior to giving pro forma effect to the applicable
transaction in the case of amounts used to fund an acquisition or investment.

Junior
lien or unsecured ratio debt subject to not maturing inside of then outstanding TLB-6 and TLB-7 and second out first lien ratio debt subject to not maturing inside of TLB-6 and TLB-7 (but may be co-terminous including with respect to incremental
term loan facility increases of TLB-6 and/or TLB-7).

All ratio debt must be borrowed
from or issued to non-affiliates and bear interest at then-prevailing market rates, cannot have guarantors or obligors other than Loan Parties and cannot be secured by assets other than the Collateral. 

May incur first lien ratio debt utilizing ratio capacity, whether first out or second out, as ratio debt as set out below.

4.25x first lien net leverage for first lien debt, 5.0x total secured net leverage for
second lien or junior lien debt, and either 7.0x total net leverage or 2.0x interest coverage ratio for unsecured debt, in each case or no worse than the applicable ratio prior to giving pro forma effect to the applicable transaction in
the case of amounts used to fund an acquisition or investment.

Same maturity
conditions and other conditions as First Lien Debt in respect of ratio debt incurrences.

Notes and other existing debt Basket Existing and new STG notes and other debt in existence on the Closing Date (including any notes or other debt constituting Other First Out First Lien Debt, subject to the First Out Debt Cap, Second Out First Lien Notes (including
any amounts permitted to be exchanged or refinanced into second out first lien term notes post-closing), Second Lien Notes, any Unsecured Notes, Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes, Existing 2030 Unsecured Notes, any Third Lien RCF and any Third Lien Term
Loan) and permitted refinancings thereof Substantially the same as First Lien Debt; to permit debt in existence on the Closing Date (including any amounts permitted to be exchanged or refinanced into second out first lien term notes post-closing), and permitted
refinancings thereof.

Equity contribution debt 100% per dollar of equity contributions not used for available amount, which must (i) be unsecured or, if secured, secured only by Collateral on a junior basis to the second out first lien debt and (ii) not have guarantors or
obligors other than Loan Parties and cannot be secured by assets other than the Collateral. 100% per dollar of equity contributions not used for available amount, which must (i) be unsecured or, if secured, secured only by Collateral on a junior basis to the second lien debt and (ii) not have guarantors or obligors other
than Loan Parties and cannot be secured by assets other than the Collateral.

5 

First Lien
Debt2 

Second Lien Notes

Permitted Receivables Financings Permitted up to greater of $375 million and 40% of Consolidated EBITDA, provided that the assets to be sold or contributed into and/or financed by such facilities will be limited to accounts receivable and related accounts
receivable collections, proceeds, records and other similar assets (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any customary indemnities, reps and covenants made by the Company in connection therewith. Cannot be used for any Priming Financing/Liability
Management Transactions. Same as the First Lien Debt.

Indebtedness to finance the acquisition construction, expansion, repair or improvement of fixed or capital assets 

Combine cap lease, sale leaseback and subordinated film debt baskets and cap in aggregate amount of $150 million, provided that any existing
arrangements (and permitted refinancings thereof) are also scheduled out as permitted.

Must be used for bona fide capital lease, sale leaseback or subordinated film debt purposes and not for an asset-based lending facility, securitization or a
Priming Financing/Liability Management Transaction. Same as the First Lien Debt.

Sale Leaseback debt See immediately above. Same as the First Lien Debt.

General debt basket $125 million (and cannot be first lien secured) and, must (i) mature outside of then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7, (ii) be borrowed from or issued to non-affiliates, (iii) bear interest at then-prevailing market rates and (iv)
have covenants which are not, taken as a whole, materially more restrictive than the terms of the then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7; provided that the foregoing clauses (i), (iii) and (iv) shall not apply to up to $50 million of indebtedness
incurred in the ordinary course of business. Cannot be used for Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions. Greater of $150 million and 25% of Consolidated EBITDA (may be first lien secured) and same maturity and other conditions as First Lien Debt otherwise (except with respect to $50 million of indebtedness incurred in the ordinary
course portion, consistent with the First Lien Debt).

Indebtedness of non-Loan Parties (stand-alone dollar basket) Combine non-guarantor debt and foreign sub debt baskets into non-guarantor debt basket of $25 million. Cannot be used for any Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions. Same as the First Lien Debt.

Foreign Sub debt See above. Same as the First Lien Debt.

Assumed/ Acquisition indebtedness No dollar basket but permitted to finance a Permitted Acquisition, to the extent relevant Investment baskets or exceptions are used and pro forma first lien net leverage being no worse than prior to the related permitted acquisition
or investment. Debt must be second out first lien priority or junior secured or unsecured; cannot be first out first lien debt. No dollar basket but permitted to finance a Permitted Acquisition, to the extent relevant Investment baskets or exceptions are used and pro forma second lien net leverage being no worse than prior to the related permitted
acquisition or investment.

Subordinated Film Indebtedness See above, provided such film debt is subordinated. Same as the First Lien Debt.

6 

First Lien
Debt2 

Second Lien Notes

Refinancing Indebtedness / Exchanges Substantially the same as the applicable existing STG debt, including as to maturity conditions, provided that the lien, temporal (i.e., inside maturity), structural and contractual priority of the refinancing debt cannot be
superior to that of the refinanced debt, and the terms of the refinancing are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) as compared with the then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7, except that improving lien priority of unsecured or junior
lien debt in connection with refinancing is permitted so long as the refinancing debt is junior in lien priority to the first lien debt (first out and second out). 

Substantially the same as the applicable existing STG debt, including as to maturity conditions, provided that the lien, temporal (i.e.,
inside maturity), structural and contractual priority of the refinancing debt cannot be superior to that of the refinanced debt, and the terms of the refinancing are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) as compared with the then
outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7, except that improving lien priority of unsecured or junior lien (i.e., junior in lien priority to the Second Lien Notes) debt in connection with refinancing is permitted so long as the refinancing debt is junior
in lien priority to the Second lien debt.

To permit refinancings (including exchanges) of non-extended Third Lien Term Loan (i) with second lien or unsecured debt which (1) matures
outside of the non-extended Third Lien Term Loan, (2) is not provided by an affiliate, (3) bears interest at then-prevailing market rates and (4) has covenants which are not, taken as a whole, materially more restrictive to the Company than the
terms of the then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7, or (ii) with second out first lien debt (which, for the avoidance of doubt ranks pari passu in all contractual, effective and lien priority respects with the then outstanding TLB-6 and TLB-7 and
has covenants which are not, taken as a whole, materially more restrictive to the Company than the terms of the then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7) if incurred within 15 months of the applicable final maturity of the applicable Third Lien Term
Loan and pro forma first lien net leverage would be 4.0x or less (the Inside 4x Basket). The transactions permitted by the foregoing paragraph are Permitted LM Transactions.

If the Existing Secured Notes Exchange is completed or early settled on or prior to the
Closing Date, any non-extended Unsecured Notes may be refinanced into junior lien (to first lien) or unsecured debt, provided that the temporal (i.e., inside maturity), structural and contractual priority of the refinancing debt cannot be superior
to that of the refinanced debt and the terms of the refinancing are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) to the Company as compared with the then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7. The transactions permitted by the foregoing paragraph
are Permitted LM Transactions.

If the Existing Secured Notes Exchange is
not completed or early settled on or prior to the Closing Date, (x) up to the amount of outstanding Existing Secured Notes (after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions, not including the Existing Secured Notes Exchange) shall be
permitted to be exchanged into Second Out First Lien Notes after the Closing Date pursuant to the Existing Secured Notes Exchange and (y) any non-extended Unsecured Notes may be refinanced into junior lien (to first lien) or unsecured debt, provided
that the temporal (i.e., inside maturity), structural and contractual priority of the refinancing debt cannot be superior to that of the refinanced debt and the terms of the refinancing are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) to the
Company as compared with the then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7 and the maturity date shall be no earlier than the relevant Unsecured Notes being refinanced. The transactions permitted by the foregoing paragraph are Permitted LM
Transactions. 

To permit refinancings (including exchanges) of non-extended Third Lien Term Loan (i) with junior lien (in lien priority to the Second Lien
Notes) or unsecured debt which (1) matures outside of the non-extended Third Lien Term Loan, (2) is not provided by an affiliate, (3) bears interest at then-prevailing market rates and (4) has covenants which are not, taken as a whole, materially
more restrictive to the Company than the terms of the then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7, or (ii) with first lien debt (which has covenants which are not, taken as a whole, materially more restrictive to the Company than the terms of the then
outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7) if incurred within 15 months of the applicable final maturity of the applicable Third Lien Term Loan and pro forma first lien net leverage would be 4.0x or less (the Inside 4x Basket).

If the Existing Secured Notes Exchange is completed or early settled on or prior to the
Closing Date, any non-extended Unsecured Notes may be refinanced into junior lien (to second lien) or unsecured debt, provided that the temporal (i.e., inside maturity), structural and contractual priority of the refinancing debt cannot be superior
to that of the refinanced debt and the terms of the refinancing are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) to the Company as compared with the then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7.

If the Existing Secured Notes Exchange is not completed or early settled on or prior to the Closing Date, (x) up to the amount of outstanding Existing Secured
Notes (after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions, not including the Existing Secured Notes Exchange) shall be permitted to be exchanged into Second Out First Lien Notes after the Closing Date pursuant to the Existing Secured Notes
Exchange and (y) any non-extended Unsecured Notes may be refinanced into junior lien (to second lien) or unsecured debt, provided that the temporal (i.e., inside maturity), structural and contractual priority of the refinancing debt cannot be
superior to that of the refinanced debt and the terms of the refinancing are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) to the Company as compared with the then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7 and the maturity date shall be no earlier
than the relevant Unsecured Notes being refinanced.

7 

First Lien
Debt2 

Second Lien Notes

LIENS 

General Liens Basket $25 million, and cannot be utilized to secure first out first lien debt (but may be used to secure second out first lien debt or any junior lien debt). $50 million (may be used to secure first lien debt, second lien debt or any junior lien debt).

Ratio-based Secured Debt See above Incurrence (Ratio Debt) Exception. For the avoidance of doubt, see also above Incremental Facility including in respect of securing Free and Clear Incremental Debt. See above Incurrence (Ratio Debt) Exception. For the avoidance of doubt, see also above Incremental Facility including in respect of securing Free and Clear Incremental Debt.

INVESTMENTS 

General Investments Basket Greater of $150 million and 20% of Consolidated EBITDA. Cannot be used for Restricted Payments, Junior Debt Prepayments or Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions. Greater of $187 million and 25% of Consolidated EBITDA. Cannot be used for Restricted Payments, Junior Debt Prepayments or Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions.

Ratio Incurrence Investments 3.75x first lien net leverage test for unlimited investments, subject to no payment or bankruptcy EoD. Cannot be used for Restricted Payments, Junior Debt Prepayments or Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions. 4.75x secured lien net leverage (through second lien) test for unlimited investments, subject to no payment or bankruptcy EoD. Cannot be used for Restricted Payments, Junior Debt Prepayments or Priming Financing/Liability Management
Transactions.

Investments in a Similar Business To remove. To remove.

Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries $50 million. Cannot be used for Restricted Payments, Junior Debt Prepayments or Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions. Same as the First Lien Debt.

Investments in JVs 

Substantially the same as existing STG debt.

To
clarify that media for equity transactions (e.g., selling media inventory for equity in counter-parties) will be generally permitted under all relevant covenants, provided that acquired equity is held within the restricted group, and not
used for Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions. Same as the First Lien Debt.

8 

First Lien
Debt2 

Second Lien Notes

Purchase Options on Stations Greater of $100 million and Commensurate Percentage of Consolidated EBITDA3 Same as the First Lien Debt.

RESTRICTED PAYMENTS 

Stock buy-back basket Clause (i) and additional $200mm basket for stock repurchases to be removed, provided (1) other clauses from existing STG debt remain and (2) may utilize excess capacity under $0.25 / $0.30 per share per quarter RP exception
below. Same as the First Lien Debt.

General RP / junior debt prepayment basket $25 million $50 million, plus permitted to repurchase junior debt held by or on behalf of [*****] and its affiliates.

Dividend of Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries Delete Delete

Other RP Baskets To remove these exceptions. To remove these exceptions.

Ratio RP basket Unlimited subject to a first lien net leverage of less than or equal to 3.00x, and no payment or bankruptcy EoD. Cannot be used for Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions. Unlimited subject to a secured lien net leverage (through second lien) of less than or equal to 4.25x, and no payment or bankruptcy EoD. Cannot be used for Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions.

JV put/call arrangements Permitted to acquire equity of JV partners pursuant to put / call or similar arrangements, consistent with Existing Credit Agreement / 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture. Same as the First Lien Debt.

Parent unfunded obligations when such obligations are due and payable To remove Section 6.08(a)(xx) and (xxii). To remove; same as the First Lien Debt.

3 

Commensurate Percentage of Consolidated EBITDA means the commensurate percentage of Consolidated
EBITDA (to be defined substantially the same as the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified to reflect the changes described in Annex A attached hereto), to be calculated based on the amount that the relevant dollar prong represents as a percentage
of trailing 8 quarters Consolidated EBITDA divided by two for the most recent period for which Company quarterly financial statements are available prior to the Closing Date (such relevant percentage, Commensurate Percentage of Consolidated
EBITDA). 

First Lien
Debt2 

Second Lien Notes

Parent General and Administrative Expenses To remove See above. To remove; same as the First Lien Debt.

Parent Capital Expenditures To remove See above. To remove; same as the First Lien Debt.

Other Ordinary expenses of Parent To remove See above. To remove; same as the First Lien Debt.

Permitted cash dividends to parent/Post-IPO exception $0.25 per share (or, if pro forma first lien net leverage is 3.25x or less, $0.30 per share) of common stock outstanding per fiscal quarter (as adjusted for stock splits, stock consolidations and similar transactions), which
capacity may be used for dividends or stock repurchases). No post-IPO exception contained in Section 6.08(a)(xii) of the Existing Credit Agreement. $0.25 per share (or, if pro forma secured lien net leverage (through second lien) is 4.50x or less, $0.30 per share) of common stock outstanding per fiscal quarter (as adjusted for stock splits, stock consolidations and similar
transactions), which capacity may be used for dividends or stock repurchases). No post-IPO exception contained in Section 6.08(a)(xii) of the Existing Credit Agreement.

General Junior Debt Prepayments 

Expand covenant restricting junior debt prepayments to apply to junior lien (as compared with First Lien Debt) including permanent
prepayments of the Third Lien RCF and unsecured debt, but to carve out redemption / repayment of Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes.

To permit permitted refinancings (including via exchanges) of non-extended Third Lien Term Loans (or other outstanding junior lien debt, including Third Lien
RF) and of Existing Secured Notes including as specified under Refinancing Indebtedness / Exchanges above. The transactions permitted by the foregoing paragraph are Permitted LM Transactions.

Exchanges or refinancings of junior (i.e., 2nd lien or lower) debt into junior debt permitted, provided that the maturity of such exchange or refinancing debt cannot be inside the maturity of the exchanged or refinanced debt, cannot improve the
structural or contractual priority of the exchange or refinancing debt as compared with the exchanged or refinanced debt, and the terms of the exchange or refinancing debt are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) as compared with the
then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7. The transactions permitted by the foregoing paragraph are Permitted LM Transactions.

Up to $100 million of non-extended Third Lien Term Loan may be repurchased for cash at a repurchase price lower than the prevailing trading prices of both the
TLB-6 and TLB-7 at the time of such repurchase (the Non-Extended TL RDP Basket). The transactions permitted by the foregoing paragraph are Permitted LM Transactions.

To permit up to $125 million of repurchases of unsecured debt and/or junior lien (second
lien or lower) debt (other than Third Lien Term Loans) at a discount to par (the Unsecured/Junior Lien RDP Basket). The transactions permitted by the foregoing paragraph are Permitted LM Transactions. 

Expand covenant restricting junior debt prepayments to apply to junior lien (as compared with Second Lien Debt) including permanent
prepayments of the Third Lien RCF and unsecured debt, but to carve out redemption / repayment of Existing 2027 Unsecured Notes.

To permit permitted refinancings (including via exchanges) of non-extended Third Lien Term Loans (or other outstanding junior lien debt, including Third Lien
RF) and of Existing Secured Notes including as specified under Refinancing Indebtedness / Exchanges above.

Exchanges or refinancings of junior (i.e., junior to Second Lien Notes) debt into junior debt (to the Second Lien Notes) permitted, provided that the maturity
of such exchange or refinancing debt cannot be inside the maturity of the exchanged or refinanced debt, cannot improve the structural or contractual priority of the exchange or refinancing debt as compared with the exchanged or refinanced debt, and
the terms of the exchange or refinancing debt are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) as compared with the then outstanding TLB-5, TLB-6 and TLB-7.

Non-Extended TL RDP Basket: same as the First Lien Debt.

Unsecured/Junior Lien RDP Basket: same as the First Lien Debt, except junior lien to refer to junior lien to Second Lien Notes.

To permit unlimited purchases of unsecured debt and/or junior lien debt pursuant 4.50x
RDP Basket (as defined below).

Junior debt prepayment capacity increased by amount
of Junior Capital Build RDP Basket (which, in the case of the Second Lien Notes, will refer to junior to second lien rather than first lien debt raises).

10 

First Lien
Debt2 

Second Lien Notes

To permit unlimited purchases of unsecured debt and/or junior lien
debt pursuant to the 3.25x RDP Basket (defined below).

Junior debt prepayment
capacity increased by amount of equity contributions or junior (to first lien) debt raises, in each case, not in duplication of amounts that are used pursuant to Available Amount capacity (the Junior Capital Build RDP Basket). 

Ratio Junior Debt Prepayments To allow unlimited prepayments of junior debt subject to a first lien net leverage ratio of less than or equal to 3.25x and no payment or bankruptcy EoD (the 3.25x RDP Basket). Cannot be used for Priming
Financing/Liability Management Transactions. To allow unlimited prepayments of junior debt (to the Second Lien) subject to a secured lien net leverage (through second lien) of less than or equal to 4.50x and no payment or bankruptcy EoD (the 4.50x RDP Basket).
Cannot be used for Priming Financing/Liability Management Transactions.

Limitations on reclassification of Restricted Payments / Investments To limit reclassification into unlimited ratio-based RPs and ratio-based Investments but otherwise permit reclassification (and, for the avoidance of doubt, permit reclassification of debt and liens basket usage in a manner
substantially consistent with the existing STG debt documents). Same as the First Lien Debt.

AVAILABLE AMOUNT: 

Starter basket No starter $250 million starter amount.

Build-up amount: 

Same Available Amount build formula as existing STG debt (based on 100% of cumulative EBITDA less 1.4x cumulative interest expense since
beginning of build), commencing with the first day of the fiscal quarter in which the Closing Date occurs.

Company to provide the administrative agent, on behalf of the lenders, with disclosure of build amount on quarterly basis in compliance certificates. Same Available Amount build formula as the First Lien Debt.

Usage Tests Usage available (i) for Junior Debt Payments only when pro forma first lien net leverage is 3.75x or less and (ii) for Restricted Payments only when pro forma first lien net leverage is 3.50x or less; provided that in all cases
there is no payment or bankruptcy EoD that is in effect or would result from such payments. Usage available for Junior Debt Payments or Restricted Payments only when pro forma total secured net leverage (through second lien) is 5.0x or less; provided that in all cases there is no payment or bankruptcy EoD that is in effect
or would result from such payments.

11 

First Lien
Debt2 

Second Lien Notes

Availability Available for Investments, Restricted Payments and Junior Debt Prepayments Available for Investments, Restricted Payments and Junior Debt Prepayments

B. OTHER TERMS / ANTI-LMT PROVISIONS

First Lien Debt 

Second Lien Notes

Unrestricted Subsidiary / Anti-LMT Provisions 

Include the following limitations:

Persons that are not Loan Parties may not hold material IP, material FCC licenses or any other material assets, and Issuer and restricted subs may not sell,
transfer or dispose of such assets to such Persons that are not Loan Parties, except in connection with (i) a bona-fide sale for cash or cash equivalents to an unaffiliated third party, (ii) a bona-fide joint venture with an unaffiliated third party
in the ordinary course of business, using available Investment capacity, (iii) non-exclusive licensing arrangements or (iv) the sale, transfer or disposition of accounts receivable and related accounts receivable collections, proceeds, records and
other similar assets in connection with a permitted receivables facility. (J Crew protections)

Guarantees will not be released (i) in connection with any Priming Financing/Liability Management Transaction, (ii) upon the Guarantor becoming a Person that
is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary except in connection with a bona-fide joint venture with an unaffiliated third party in the ordinary course of business, using available Investment capacity or (iii) upon the Guarantor otherwise becoming an Excluded
Subsidiary primarily for the purpose of releasing the relevant Guarantee. Any release of a Guarantor will be deemed to be the incurrence of an Investment in such released Guarantor at the time of such release. (Chewy protections)

90% affected lender consent will be required for amendments having the effect of lien
subordination, payment subordination, lowering waterfall priority or structural subordination (including any waivers or amendments of the J Crew protections, Chewy protections and the Limitations on Priming Financing/Liability Management
Transactions), except where all lenders are provided an opportunity to provide a pro rata share of any senior indebtedness on the same terms and for the same fees and benefits. (Serta protections)

Covenant to be added against Unrestricted Subsidiaries paying disproportionate dividends
to persons other than the Borrower and Restricted Subsidiaries. Same as the First Lien Debt.

12 

First Lien Debt 

Second Lien Notes

To add restrictions on vote gerrymandering via entry
consents or in connection with a Priming Financing/Liability Management Transaction.

For the avoidance of doubt, the ability to designate
Unrestricted Subsidiaries subject to having sufficient investment capacity to do so will be retained. 

License Subsidiary Covenant 

First Lien Credit Facilities to clarify covenant does not restrict channel sharing, hosting or spectrum usage agreement to lease spectrum for
data distribution, datacasting or other ancillary services such as arrangements to provide NextGen 3.0 technology, and transfer restrictions only apply to outright sales and exclusive licensing of Broadcast Licenses (but not to licensing of
datacasting or other excess spectrum).

New Second Out First Lien Notes and Second
Lien Notes to match 4.125% Secured Notes Indenture (i.e., no separate covenant). N/A; no separate covenant.

13 

Annex B 

Intercreditor and Collateral Trust Agreement Terms1

Parties 

First Out First Lien Debt Facilities: Debt facilities consisting of the TLB-5, Other First Out First Lien Debt, AHG Up-Tier Notes (if any) and/or the First Out First Lien RCF (all obligations arising thereunder and under any permitted refinancing or additional pari
passu debt, the First Out First Lien Obligations; and the lenders, noteholders, agents, trustees and other secured parties thereunder, the First Out First Lien Secured Parties).

Second Out First Lien Debt Facilities: Debt facilities consisting of the TLB-6, the TLB-7 and the Second Out First Lien Notes (all obligations arising thereunder and any permitted refinancing or additional pari passu debt, the Second Out First Lien
Obligations, and together with the First Out First Lien Obligations, the First Lien Obligations; and the lenders, noteholders, agents, trustees and other secured parties thereunder, the Second Out
First Lien Secured Parties, and together with the First Out First Lien Secured Parties, the First Lien Secured Parties).

Second Lien Debt Facility: Debt facility consisting of the Second Lien Notes (all obligations arising thereunder and under any permitted refinancing or additional pari passu debt, the Second Lien Obligations; and the lenders,
noteholders, agents, trustees and other secured parties thereunder, the Second Lien Secured Parties).

Third Lien Debt Facilities: Debt facilities consisting of the Third Lien Term Loan and the Third Lien RCF (all obligations arising thereunder and under any permitted refinancing or additional pari passu debt, the Third Lien
Obligations; and the lenders, noteholders, agents, trustees and other secured parties thereunder, the Third Lien Secured Parties).

1 

All capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Term Sheet to which
this Annex is attached, including the other Annexes thereto 

1 

INTERCREDITOR TERMS 

Priority of Liens: 

The liens and security interests in the Collateral (as defined below) securing the First Lien Obligations (such liens and security interests,
collectively, the First Liens) shall be secured by a valid, binding, continuing, enforceable, fully perfected first priority security interest in and lien on the Collateral, subject to the terms of the Collateral Trust Agreement and the
Intercreditor Agreement (each as defined below).

The liens in the Collateral
securing the Second Lien Obligations (collectively, the Second Liens) shall be secured by a valid, binding, continuing, enforceable, fully perfected junior priority security interest in and lien on the Collateral, subject
and subordinate to the First Liens and subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.

The liens in the Collateral securing the Third Lien Obligations (collectively, the Third Liens) shall be secured by a valid, binding,
continuing, enforceable, fully perfected junior priority security interest in and lien on the Collateral, subject and subordinate to the First Liens and the Second Liens and subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.

Priority of Collateral Proceeds: 

Application of Collateral Proceeds Between the First Lien Obligations, the Second Lien Obligations and the Third Lien Obligations:

The Collateral or proceeds thereof or other amounts received in connection with the sale
or other disposition of, or collection on or distribution on account of, such Collateral upon the exercise of remedies or any transfer or disposition in lieu thereof as a secured party or during an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding shall be
applied, first, to the First Lien Obligations (and allocated among the First Lien Obligations in accordance with the Collateral Trust Agreement) and, second, following the occurrence of the Payment in Full of the First Lien
Obligations, to the Second Lien Obligations (and, if and as applicable, allocated among the Second Lien Obligations in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and, if applicable, any pari passu intercreditor agreements governing such Second Lien
Obligations), and, third, following the occurrence of the Payment in Full of the Second Lien Obligations, to the Third Lien Obligations (and, if and as applicable, allocated among the Third Lien Obligations in accordance with the
Intercreditor Agreement and, if applicable, any pari passu intercreditor agreements governing such Third Lien Obligations).

The foregoing shall apply, notwithstanding the actual date and time of execution, delivery, recordation, filing or perfection of the loan documents, or the
lien or priority of payment thereof, and notwithstanding whether any of the First Lien Debt Facilities or any claim for the First Lien Obligations is subordinated, avoided or disallowed, in whole or in part, under the Bankruptcy
Code.

2 

Payments Over. Any Collateral or proceeds thereof or other amounts received by any Junior Priority Secured Party in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy (including set off, recoupment or credit bid) or in any
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding relating to the Collateral, or any other payments received by any Junior Priority Secured Party in contravention of the intercreditor arrangements described herein (the agreement reflecting such arrangements in
respect of intercreditor arrangements as to and among the First Lien Obligations, the Second Lien Obligations and the Third Lien Obligations, the Intercreditor Agreement) prior to the Payment in Full of the First Lien
Obligations shall be segregated and held in trust for the benefit of and forthwith paid over to the Collateral Trustee for distribution to the applicable First Lien Representative(s) in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Trust Agreement in
the same form as received, with any necessary endorsements or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. The Collateral Trustee will be authorized to make any such endorsements as agent for the Junior Priority Representatives or any
such Junior Priority Secured Party, and such authorization is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable.

No Action with Respect to Collateral: (i) The Junior Priority Secured Parties shall not commence any judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure proceedings with respect to, seek to have a trustee, receiver, liquidator or similar official appointed for or over, attempt any
action to take possession of, exercise any right, remedy or power with respect to, or institute any action or proceeding with respect to any right, remedy or power with respect to, or otherwise take any action to enforce its interest in or realize
upon, or take any other action available to it in respect of, any Collateral under any loan document, applicable law or otherwise (an Enforcement Action) at any time when such Collateral shall be subject to any lien and any
First Lien Obligations shall remain outstanding or any commitment to extend credit that would constitute First Lien Obligations secured by such lien shall remain in effect, it being agreed that only the Collateral Trustee, acting at the direction of
the Controlling First Lien Representative, acting in accordance with the applicable loan documents or applicable law, shall be entitled to take any such actions or exercise any such remedies during such time, all in such order and
such

3 

manner as it may determine in its sole discretion; provided that the proceeds of any such Enforcement Actions are applied in
accordance with the section Payments in this Annex B, provided, further, that the Junior Priority Lenders may direct the applicable Junior Priority Representative(s) to exercise any or all such rights with
respect to the Collateral after a period (the Standstill Period) of two hundred and seventy (270) consecutive days has elapsed from the date of delivery of written notice to the applicable Junior Priority Representative(s)
by the requisite Junior Priority Lenders, as applicable, stating that an event of default has occurred and is continuing under the applicable Junior Priority Debt Facility and stating their intention to exercise their rights, which actions may be
taken only so long as the Controlling First Lien Representative has not commenced or is not diligently pursuing any of Enforcement Actions with respect to a material portion of the Collateral (including seeking relief from the automatic stay or any
other stay in any bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation proceeding).

(ii) The Junior
Priority Lenders may take any Enforcement Actions with respect to the Collateral after the termination of the Standstill Period to the extent permitted by clause (i) above. If the Junior Priority Lenders exercise any rights or remedies with respect
to such Collateral in accordance with this provision and thereafter the Controlling First Lien Representative commences and diligently pursues the exercise of any of its rights or remedies with respect to a material portion of the Collateral
(including seeking relief from the automatic stay or any other stay in any bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation proceeding), the Standstill Period shall recommence and the Junior Priority Lenders shall rescind any such rights or remedies already
exercised with respect to the Collateral.

(iii) After the Payment in Full of the
First Lien Obligations, the Junior Priority Lenders may exercise any of their rights or remedies with respect to the Collateral, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.

No Interference Provisions: 

Subject to the provisions in the sections Rights of Lenders and No Action with Respect to Collateral in
this Annex B the Junior Priority Secured Parties agree that:

(i) they
will not take or cause to be taken any action the purpose or effect of which is, or could be, to give any Junior Priority Secured Party any preference or priority relative to any lien with respect to the Collateral or any part
thereof;

4 

(ii) they will not challenge or question in any proceeding the validity or enforceability of any First Lien Obligations, the validity,
attachment, perfection or priority of any lien or the validity or enforceability of the priorities, rights or duties established pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement;

(iii) they will not take or cause to be taken any action the purpose or intent of which
is, or could be, to interfere, hinder or delay, in any manner, any sale, transfer or other disposition of the Collateral by any First Lien Secured Party;

(iv) with respect to the Collateral, they shall have no right to (A) direct any First Lien Secured Party to exercise any right, remedy or power or (B)
consent to the exercise by any First Lien Secured Party of any right, remedy or power;

(v) they will not object to the forbearance by any First Lien Secured Party from bringing or pursuing any foreclosure proceeding or action nor any other
exercise of any rights or remedies relating to the Collateral (but subject to the Junior Secured Parties exercise of the foregoing rights or remedies upon the expiration of the Standstill Period) ; and

(vii) they will not attempt, directly or indirectly, whether by judicial proceeding or
otherwise, to challenge the enforceability of any provision of the Intercreditor Agreement.

The First Lien Secured Parties agree that they will not:

(i) challenge or question in any proceeding the validity or enforceability of any Junior Priority Obligations, the validity, attachment, perfection or priority
of any Junior Priority Lien (including any perfection effected by the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement) or the validity or enforceability of the priorities, rights or duties established pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor
Agreement; or

(ii) attempt, directly or indirectly, whether by judicial proceeding
or otherwise, to challenge the enforceability of any provision of the Intercreditor Agreement.

5 

Bankruptcy Provisions: 

The Intercreditor Agreement shall include bankruptcy-related rights and obligations, including:

DIP Financing and Use of Cash Collateral. If any Obligor becomes subject to an
insolvency proceeding, and if the Controlling First Lien Representative desires to permit (or not object to) the use of cash collateral by any of the Obligors or to permit (or not object to) any Obligor to obtain DIP financing, then the Second Lien
Secured Parties and the Third Lien Secured Parties (a) will be deemed to have consented to and will not object to such use of cash collateral or DIP financing or support any other party objecting to use of cash collateral or DIP financing and (b)
will be deemed to have subordinated their respective obligations and any adequate protection liens to (i) such DIP financing on the same terms as the First Lien Secured Parties may agree to subordinate the First Lien Obligations to such DIP
financing, (ii) any adequate protection provided to the First Lien Secured Parties and (iii) any carve-out.

If any Obligor shall become subject to an insolvency proceeding, no Junior Priority Secured Party shall propose, provide, participate in, consent to, or
support, or direct any other Junior Priority Secured Party to propose, provide, participate in, consent to, or support any DIP financing or cash collateral use without the written consent of the Controlling First Lien Representative.

Adequate Protection. The Junior Priority Secured Parties may not prosecute in any
insolvency proceeding any motion for adequate protection based upon their interest in the Collateral (including for the payment of any post-petition interest), nor contest (i) any request by the First Lien Secured Parties for adequate protection
(including for the payment of post-petition interest on the First Lien Obligations) or (ii) any objection by the First Lien Secured Parties to any motion, relief, action or proceeding based on the First Lien Secured Parties claiming a lack of
adequate protection; provided, that the Junior Priority Secured parties may seek and receive (1) a replacement lien (or be secured by any replacement lien granted to the First Lien Secured Parties) on the Collateral to secure the Junior
Priority Secured Parties with the same priority relative to the First Lien Obligations as existed prior to the commencement of the insolvency proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code; and (2) adequate protection for the Junior Priority Obligations in
the form of additional liens on and superpriority claims to post-petition assets to the same extent granted to secure the First Lien Obligations with the same priority relative to the First Lien Obligations as existed prior to the commencement of
the insolvency proceeding.

6 

Section 363 Asset Sales. The Junior Priority Secured Parties will not object to, oppose, or contest (or join with or take any action
to support any third party objecting to, opposing, or contesting) (a) a sale or other disposition of any Collateral (or any portion thereof) under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or any other provision of the Bankruptcy Code or similar insolvency
law, (b) a motion to approve such sale or other disposition, or (c) the bidding procedures with respect to such sale or other disposition unless the First Lien Secured Parties shall have opposed or objected to such sale or disposition, motion, or
bidding procedures; provided, that the liens of the First Lien Secured Parties and the Junior Priority Secured Parties shall attach to the proceeds of any such sale subject to the priorities set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement. The
Junior Priority Secured Parties shall consent or direct any other applicable Junior Priority Secured Party to consent to, (a) a sale or other disposition of any Collateral under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or any other provision of the
Bankruptcy Code or similar insolvency law, (b) a motion to approve such sale or other disposition, and/or (c) the bidding procedures with respect to such sale or other disposition if the First Lien Secured Parties shall have consented to such sale
or disposition, motion, or bidding procedures; provided that the liens of the First Lien Secured Parties and the Junior Priority Secured Parties shall attach to the proceeds of any such sale subject to the priorities set forth in the Intercreditor
Agreement.

Automatic Stay. Each Junior Priority Secured Party will agree not
to (a) seek (or support or consent to any other person seeking) relief from the automatic stay or any other stay in respect of the Collateral in any insolvency proceeding, without the prior written consent of the Controlling First Lien
Representative or (b) oppose any request by any First Lien Secured Party to seek relief from the automatic stay in respect of the Collateral in any insolvency proceeding.

Credit Bidding. The Junior Priority Secured Parties may credit bid, or instruct the applicable Junior Priority Representative to credit bid, the Junior
Priority Obligations in accordance with section 363(k) of the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable law, only if the First Lien Obligations are discharged in full in cash in conjunction with any such credit bid, or if the Controlling First Lien
Representative consents in writing. The Junior Priority Secured Parties will agree not to object to any credit bid of the First Lien Obligations in accordance with section 363(k) and other applicable
law.

7 

Plans of Reorganization. The Intercreditor Agreement shall provide that because of, among other things, their fundamentally differing
rights in the Collateral, the First Lien Obligations and the Junior Priority Obligations are fundamentally different from each other, and the parties intend for the obligations to be separately classified in any plan of reorganization proposed or
adopted in an insolvency proceeding (a Plan). If it is held that the claims of the First Lien Secured Parties and the Junior Priority Secured Parties in respect of the Collateral constitute only one secured claim (rather than separate
classes of senior and junior secured claims), then the Junior Priority Secured Parties shall agree that all distributions shall be made as if there were separate classes of senior and junior secured claims against the Obligors in respect of the
Collateral. The Junior Priority Secured Parties shall agree to turn over to the Controlling First Lien Representative, for the benefit of the First Lien Secured Parties, amounts otherwise received or receivable by them to the extent necessary to
effectuate the priorities set forth in the Collateral Trust Agreement, even if such turnover has the effect of reducing the claim or recovery of the Junior Priority Secured Parties.

Each Junior Priority Secured Party agrees that it shall not object or direct any other
Junior Priority Secured Party to object to a Plan on the grounds that the First Lien Obligations and the Junior Priority Obligations are classified separately under any such Plan, and it is the Junior Priority Secured Parties intent that the
parties be classified separately in any such Plan. Each Junior Priority Secured Party agrees that it will not support or vote to accept a Plan unless such Plan (i) is accepted by the holders of First Lien Obligations in accordance with section
1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code or (ii) provides for Payment in Full of the First Lien Obligations.

The Controlling First Lien Representative may direct any election under section 1111(b) of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to such class.

8 

COLLATERAL TRUST AGREEMENT TERMS 

Collateral Trust Agreement: The First Lien Representatives and the Collateral Trustee shall enter into a Collateral Trust Agreement (the Collateral Trust Agreement) governing the rights and obligations of the First Lien Secured
Parties in respect of the Collateral.

Single Lien: The Collateral Trustee shall be granted a lien on the Collateral for the benefit of all of the First Lien Secured Parties, subject to the payment priorities, rights and obligations set forth in the Collateral Trust
Agreement.

Rights and Remedies with Respect to the Collateral: The Collateral Trustee, acting at the direction of the Controlling First Lien Representative, shall be entitled to take any Enforcement Action, in such order and such manner as they may determine in their sole discretion.

Priority of Collateral Proceeds and Payments: 

Application of Collateral proceeds and other payments or recoveries among the First Lien Secured Parties:

The Collateral or proceeds thereof received in connection with the sale or other
disposition of, or collection on or distribution on account of, such Collateral upon the exercise of remedies or any transfer or disposition in lieu thereof as a secured party or during an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding and any other amounts
received under any intercreditor agreements and any other payments or recoveries received by or on account of any First Lien Secured Party after the occurrence of an event of default (whether from Collateral proceeds or otherwise) shall be applied
by the Collateral Trustee, first, pro rata to the First Out First Lien Obligations until the Payment in Full of the First Out First Lien Obligations, and, second, pro rata to the Second Out First Lien Obligations until the Payment in
Full of the Second Out First Lien Obligations.

The foregoing shall apply,
notwithstanding the actual date and time of execution, delivery, recordation, filing or perfection of the loan documents, or the lien or priority of payment thereof, and notwithstanding the fact that the First Out First Lien Debt Facilities or any
claim for the First Out First Lien Obligations is subordinated, avoided or disallowed, in whole or in part, under the Bankruptcy Code.

9 

Payments Over. Any Collateral or proceeds thereof or other amounts received by any Second Out First Lien Secured Party in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy (including set off, recoupment or credit bid) or in
any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding prior to the Payment in Full of the First Out First Lien Obligations shall be segregated and held in trust for the benefit of and forthwith paid over to the Collateral Trustee in the same form as received,
with any necessary endorsements or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct.

No Action with Respect to Collateral by Non-Controlling First Lien Secured Parties: 

(i) the Non-Controlling First Lien Secured Parties shall not, and shall not direct the Collateral Trustee to, commence any Enforcement
Action, it being agreed that only the Collateral Trustee, acting at the direction of the Controlling First Lien Representative, acting in accordance with the applicable loan documents or applicable law, shall be entitled to take any such actions or
exercise any such remedies during such time, all in such order and such manner as it may determine in its sole discretion; provided, that the proceeds of any such Enforcement Actions are applied in accordance with the section
Priority of Collateral Proceeds and Payments under the heading Collateral Trust Agreement in this Annex B, provided, further, that the Non-Controlling First Lien Representative may direct
the Collateral Trustee to exercise any or all such rights with respect to the Collateral after a period (the CTA Standstill Period) of one hundred and eighty (180) consecutive days has elapsed from the date of delivery of
written notice to the Controlling First Lien Representative and the Collateral Trustee from the Non-Controlling First Lien Representative acting in accordance with the applicable loan documents stating that an event of default has occurred and is
continuing under the applicable loan documents and stating the intention of the requisite Non-Controlling First Lien Secured Parties to exercise their rights to take such actions only so long as the Collateral Trustee at the direction of the
Controlling First Lien Representative has not commenced or is not diligently pursuing any Enforcement Actions with respect to a material portion of the Collateral (including seeking relief from the automatic stay or any other stay in any bankruptcy,
insolvency or liquidation proceeding).

(ii) The Collateral Trustee may take any
Enforcement Actions with respect to the Collateral as instructed by the Non-Controlling First Lien Representative acting at the direction of the requisite Non-Controlling First Lien Secured Parties after the termination of the CTA Standstill Period
to the extent permitted by clause (i) above. If the Collateral Trustee exercises any rights or remedies with respect to such Collateral in accordance with this provision and thereafter
the

10 

Controlling First Lien Representative directs the Collateral Trustee to commence and diligently pursue the exercise of any of its rights or remedies with respect to a material portion of the Collateral (including seeking relief from
the automatic stay or any other stay in any bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation proceeding), the CTA Standstill Period shall recommence and the Non-Controlling First Lien Representative shall rescind any such rights or remedies already exercised
with respect to the Collateral.

No Interference Provisions: 

The First Lien Secured Parties agree:

(i) they will not take or cause to be taken any action the purpose or effect of which is, or could be, to give any First Lien Secured Party any preference or
priority relative to the other First Lien Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral or any part thereof, other than expressly set forth in the Collateral Trust Agreement;

(ii) they will not challenge or question in any proceeding the validity or
enforceability of any First Lien Obligations, the validity, attachment, perfection or priority of any First Liens with respect to any First Lien Obligation or the validity or enforceability of the priorities, rights or duties established pursuant to
the provisions of the Collateral Trust Agreement;

(iii) they will not take or cause
to be taken any action the purpose or intent of which is, or could be, to interfere, hinder or delay, in any manner, any sale, transfer or other disposition of the Collateral by the Collateral Trustee at the direction of the Controlling First Lien
Representative;

(iv) with respect to the Collateral, they shall have no right to (A)
direct any First Lien Representative or the Collateral Trustee to exercise any right, remedy or power or (B) consent to the exercise by any First Lien Representative or the Collateral Trustee of any right, remedy or power to the extent such First
Lien Secured Party is a Non-Controlling First Lien Secured Party;

(v) they will not
object to the forbearance by the Controlling First Lien Representative from bringing or pursuing any foreclosure proceeding or action nor any other exercise of any rights or remedies relating to the Collateral; and

(vi) they will not attempt, directly or indirectly, whether by judicial proceeding or
otherwise, to challenge the enforceability of any provision of the Collateral Trust Agreement.

11 

Bankruptcy Provisions:2 

The Collateral Trust Agreement shall include bankruptcy related rights and obligations customary for a first-out facility,
including:

DIP Financing and Use of Cash Collateral. If any Obligor becomes
subject to an insolvency proceeding, and if the Controlling First Lien Representative desires to permit (or not object to) the use of cash collateral by any of the Obligors or to permit (or not object to) any Obligor to obtain DIP financing, then
the First Out First Lien Secured Parties and the Second Out First Lien Secured Parties (a) will be deemed to have consented to and will not object to such use of cash collateral or DIP financing or support any other party objecting to use of cash
collateral or DIP financing and (b) will be deemed to have subordinated their respective First Lien Obligations and any adequate protection liens to (i) such DIP financing on the same terms as the First Out First Lien Secured Parties may agree to
subordinate the First Out First Lien Obligations for which the Controlling First Lien Representative acts as the collateral agent to such DIP financing, (ii) any adequate protection provided to the First Out First Lien Secured Parties and (iii) any
carve-out.

If any Obligor shall become subject to an insolvency
proceeding, no Second Out First Lien Secured Party shall provide or direct any other Second Out First Lien Secured Party to provide or consent to any DIP financing or cash collateral use without the written consent of the Controlling First Lien
Representative provided the rights (if any) of any Second Out First Lien Secured Party to provide or direct any other Second Out First Lien Secured Party to provide any junior priority DIP financing shall be set forth in the Definitive Documents (as
defined in the Transaction Support Agreement).

Adequate Protection. The
Second Out First Lien Secured Parties may not prosecute in any insolvency proceeding any motion for adequate protection based upon their interest in the Collateral (including for the payment of any post-petition interest), nor contest (i) any
request by the First Out First Lien

2 

Bankruptcy Provisions related to rights and obligations of holders of Other First Out First Lien Debt subject
to terms of Collateral Trust Agreement. 

12 

Secured Parties for adequate protection (including for the payment of post-petition interest on the First Out First Lien Obligations) or (ii)
any objection by the First Out First Lien Secured Parties to any motion, relief, action or proceeding based on the First Out First Lien Secured Parties claiming a lack of adequate protection; provided, that the Second Out First Lien Secured
parties may seek and receive (1) a replacement lien (or be secured by any replacement lien granted to the First Out First Lien Secured Parties) on the Collateral to secure the Second Out First Lien Secured Parties with the same priority relative to
the First Out First Lien Obligations as existed prior to the commencement of the insolvency proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code; and (2) adequate protection for the Second Out First Lien Obligations in the form of additional liens on and
superpriority claims to post-petition assets to the same extent granted as adequate protection for the First Out First Lien Obligations with the same priority relative to the First Out First Lien Obligations as existed prior to the commencement of
the insolvency proceeding.

Section 363 Asset Sales. The Second Out First Lien
Secured Parties will not object to or contest, a sale or other disposition of any Collateral under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or any other provision of the Bankruptcy Code unless the First Out First Lien Secured Parties shall have opposed or
objected to such sale or disposition; provided, that the lien of the Collateral Trustee in favor of the First Out First Lien Secured Parties and the Second Out First Lien Secured Parties shall attach to the proceeds of the sale subject to the
priorities set forth in the Collateral Trust Agreement. To the extent required by any court in an insolvency proceeding, the Second Out First Lien Secured Parties shall consent or direct any other applicable Second Out First Lien Secured Party to
consent to, a sale or other disposition of any Collateral under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or any other provision of the Bankruptcy Code if the First Out First Lien Secured Parties shall have consented to such sale or disposition;
provided that the lien of the Collateral Trustee in favor of the First Out First Lien Secured Parties and the Second Out First Lien Secured Parties shall attach to the proceeds of the sale subject to the priorities set forth in the Collateral
Trust Agreement.

Automatic Stay. Each Second Out First Lien Secured Party
will agree not to (a) seek (or support or consent to any other person seeking) relief from the automatic stay or any other stay in respect of the Collateral in any insolvency proceeding, without the prior written consent of the Controlling First
Lien Representative or (b) oppose any request by any First Out First Lien Secured Party to seek relief from the automatic stay in respect of the Collateral in any insolvency
proceeding.

13 

Credit Bidding. The Second Out First Lien Secured Parties may credit bid, or instruct the Collateral Trustee to credit bid, the Second
Out First Lien Obligations in accordance with section 363(k) of the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable law, only if the First Out First Lien Obligations are discharged in full in cash in conjunction with any such credit bid, or if the
Controlling First Lien Representative consents in writing. The Second Out First Lien Secured Parties agree not to object to any credit bid of the First Out First Lien Obligations in accordance with section 363(k) and other applicable law.

Plans of Reorganization. The Collateral Trust Agreement shall provide that
because of, among other things, their fundamentally differing rights in the Collateral, the First Out First Lien Obligations and the Second Out First Lien Obligations are fundamentally different from each other and the parties intend for the
obligations to be separately classified in any plan of reorganization proposed or adopted in an insolvency proceeding (a Plan). If it is held that the claims of the First Out First Lien Secured Parties and the Second Out First Lien
Secured Parties in respect of the Collateral constitute only one secured claim (rather than separate classes of senior and junior secured claims), then the Second Out First Lien Secured Parties shall agree that all distributions shall be made as if
there were separate classes of senior and junior secured claims against the Obligors in respect of the Collateral. The Second Out First Lien Secured Parties shall agree to turn over to the Controlling First Lien Representative, for the benefit of
the First Out First Lien Secured Parties, amounts otherwise received or receivable by them to the extent necessary to effectuate the priorities set forth in the Collateral Trust Agreement, even if such turnover has the effect of reducing the claim
or recovery of the Second Out First Lien Secured Parties.

Each Second Out First Lien
Secured Party agrees that it shall not object or direct any other Second Out First Lien Secured Party to object to a Plan on the grounds that the First Out First Lien Obligations and the Second Out First Lien Obligations are classified separately
under any such Plan, and it is the Second Out First Lien Secured Parties intent that the parties be classified separately in any such Plan. Each Second Out

14 

First Lien Secured Party agrees that it will not support or vote to accept a Plan unless such Plan (i) is accepted by the holders of First
Out First Lien Obligations in accordance with section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) provides for Payment in Full of the First Out First Lien Obligations or (iii) provides for retention of the liens on the Collateral by the First Out First
Lien Secured Parties and the Second Out First Lien Secured Parties with the same priorities and rights as set forth in the Collateral Trust Agreement.

The Collateral Trust Agreement shall further provide that because of, among other things, their fundamentally differing rights in the Collateral, the
obligations pursuant to the First Out First Lien RCF, the Other First Out First Lien Debt and the TLB-5 are fundamentally different from each other and the parties intend for the obligations to be separately classified in any Plan.

The Controlling First Lien Representative may direct any election under section 1111(b)
of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to such class.

Rights of Non-Controlling First Lien Secured Parties: Each of the Non-Controlling First Lien Secured Parties may (1) file a claim or statement of interest with respect to its obligations, (2) file any necessary responsive or defensive pleadings in opposition to any motion, claim,
adversary proceeding or other pleading made by any person objecting to or otherwise seeking the disallowance of the claims of the First Lien Secured Parties including any claims secured by the Collateral, if any, (3) vote on any plan of
reorganization, file any proof of claim, make other filings and make any arguments and motions with respect to the Collateral or (4) exercise any rights or remedies, file any pleadings, objections, motions or agreements which assert rights or
interests available to unsecured creditors of the Obligors arising under bankruptcy or applicable non-bankruptcy law, in each case, so long as such actions would not conflict with an express agreement contained in the provisions of the Collateral
Trust Agreement.

15 

Certain Defined Terms 

Bankruptcy Code shall mean the United States Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), as amended from time to
time. 

Collateral shall mean the present and future assets of the Loan Parties that secure or purport to secure
the First Lien Obligations, the Second Lien Obligations or the Third Lien Obligations. 

Collateral Trustee shall
mean an institution selected by the First Lien Representatives to act as a collateral trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to STG (together with any successor and any sub-collateral agent or trustee). 

Controlling First Lien Representative shall mean, (i) until the obligations pursuant to the First Out First
Lien RCF and TLB-5 (if any) are paid in full in cash, all letters of credit are collateralized and the termination of all commitments under the First Out First Lien RCF (a First Out First Lien RCF/TLB-5 Payoff Event), the
First Lien Representative for the First Out First Lien RCF and TLB-5 acting at the direction of holders of more than 50% of the aggregate credit exposure (including commitments and unfunded LCs) of the First Out First Lien RCF and TLB-5 (if any)3, voting as a class, (ii) following a First Out First Lien RCF/TLB-5 Payoff Event, the First Lien Representative for the First Out First Lien Debt Facility with the largest principal amount
outstanding after the date of the First Out First Lien RCF/TLB-5 Payoff Event acting at the direction of the requisite holders of such First Out First Lien Debt Facility and (iii) following the Payment in Full of the First Out First Lien
Obligations, the First Lien Representative for the Second Out First Lien Debt Facility with the largest principal amount outstanding as after the date of the Payment in Full of the First Out First Lien Obligations acting at the direction of the
requisite holders of such Second Out First Lien Debt Facility. 

First Lien Debt Facilities shall mean the First
Out First Lien Debt Facilities and the Second Out First Lien Debt Facilities. 

First Lien Representatives shall
mean the respective agents, trustees or other representative under the applicable First Lien Debt Facilities. 

Junior Priority
Debt Facilities shall mean the Second Lien Debt Facilities and the Third Lien Debt Facilities. 

Junior Priority
Lenders shall mean lenders or beneficial noteholders under a Junior Priority Debt Facility, as applicable. 

3 

The credit agreement governing the First Out First Lien RCF and the TLB-5 shall provide that the consent to a
priming or pari passu DIP facility shall also require the consent of the holders of the First Out First Lien RCF holding a majority of credit exposure under the First Out First Lien RCF unless such DIP facility is offered to all holders of the First
Out First Lien RCF and TLB-5 on a ratable basis (including as to economics and roll-up). 

16 

Junior Priority Liens shall mean the Second Liens and the Third
Liens, as applicable. 

Junior Priority Obligations shall mean the Second Lien Obligations and the Third Lien
Obligations. 

Junior Priority Representatives shall mean the respective agents, trustees or other
representatives under the Second Lien Debt Facilities and the Third Lien Debt Facilities, as applicable. 

Junior Priority
Secured Parties shall mean the Second Lien Secured Parties and the Third Lien Secured Parties. 

Non-Controlling
First Lien Secured Parties shall mean, at any date, (A) if the agent or other representative under the First Out First Lien RCF and TLB-5 is serving as the Controlling First Lien Representative on such date, the other First Out
First Lien Secured Parties and the Second Out First Lien Secured Parties and (B) if the agent or other representative under a First Out First Lien Debt Facility other than the First Out First Lien RCF and TLB-5 is serving as the Controlling
First Lien Representative on such date, the other First Out First Lien Secured Parties and the Second Out First Lien Secured Parties. 

Non-Controlling First Lien Representatives shall mean, at any date, the First Lien Representatives, other than the
Controlling First Lien Representative. 

Obligors shall mean, collectively, STG and STG affiliates that are
Guarantors, or who become guarantors under the First Out First Lien Debt Facilities, Second Out First Lien Debt Facilities, Second Lien Debt Facilities and the Third Lien Debt Facilities. 

Payment in Full of the First Lien Obligations shall mean the occurrence of the Payment in Full of the First Out
First Lien Obligations and the Payment in Full of the Second Out First Lien Obligations. 

Payment in Full of the First Out
First Lien Obligations shall mean the payment in full in cash of all obligations under and termination of all commitments under the First Out First Lien Debt Facilities. 

Payment in Full of the Second Lien Obligations shall mean the payment in full in cash of all obligations under and
termination of all commitments under the Second Lien Debt Facilities. 

Payment in Full of the Second Out First Lien
Obligations shall mean the payment in full in cash of all obligations under and termination of all commitments under the Second Out First Lien Debt Facilities. 

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d791660dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

SINCLAIR 

LOCAL MEDIA 

PRO FORMA CAPITALIZATION 

JANUARY 2025 

SINCLAIR 

DISCLAIMER 

Forward-Looking Statements: 

Certain statements and information in this communication may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the objectives, plans and strategies of Sinclair,
Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Sinclair Television Group, Inc. (STG), (collectively, Sinclair), and all statements (other than statements of historical facts) that address activities, events or developments that
Sinclair intends, expects, projects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future. These statements are often characterized by terminology such as outlook, believe, hope, may,
anticipate, should, seek, intend, plan, will, expect, achieve, estimate, project, positioned, strategy,
the negative of those words and similar expressions, and are based on expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business and the industry made by Sinclairs management in light of their experience and their perception of
historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors they believe to be appropriate. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that cannot be predicted, quantified or
controlled. Any forward-looking statements in this communication are made as of the date hereof, and Sinclair undertakes no duty to update or revise any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Whether actual results will conform to expectations and predictions is subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including: risks and uncertainties discussed in the
reports that Sinclair has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC); general economic, market, or business conditions; and other circumstances beyond Sinclairs control. Refer to the section entitled Risk
Factors in Sinclairs annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from forward-looking statements.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures: 

This presentation contains certain financial
measures, including pro forma Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, L8QA Adjusted EBITDA, first-out first lien net leverage, first lien net leverage, net leverage and weighted average cost of debt, which are not prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) (collectively, the 

non-GAAP financial measures). These non-GAAP financial measures should
not be construed as an alternative to the financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP and may not comply with the SEC rules governing the presentation of non-GAAP financial measures that are applicable to filings with the SEC. In addition,
some of the adjustments that are reflected in the non-GAAP financial measures as presented in this presentation may not be allowed under Regulation S-K and our measurements of, and methodology for calculating, the non-GAAP financial measures may not
be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. It should be noted that companies calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently; as a result, the non-GAAP financial measures presented herein may not be comparable to
similarly-titled measures reported by other companies or to similarly-titled measures for Sinclair. Further information with respect to and reconciliations of such measures to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, or to
other non-GAAP financial measures, as applicable, can be found in the appendix to this presentation or on our website. 

This presentation is neither an offer to
sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of Sinclair or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof. 

ESTIMATED SOURCES & USES AND PRO FORMA CAPITALIZATION 

INDICATIVE SOURCES & USES ($MM) 

Sources Uses 

New First-Out RC $ - Paydown of Term Loan B-2 $1,175 

New First-Out Debt 1,428 Exchange of Term
Loan B-3 714 

Extending Term Loan B-3 714 Exchange of Term Loan B-4 731

Extending Term Loan B-4 731 Exchange Existing non-AHG Identified Holders 2030 Senior Secured Notes 432 

Second-Out 1L Notes 246 Exchange 2030 Senior Secured Notes 246 

New 2L Notes (from Existing
non-AHG Identified Holders) 432 Paydown of AHG 2030 Senior Secured Notes @ 84 50 

Paydown of AHG 2027 Senior Unsecured Notes @ 97 101 

Transaction Fees and Expenses 102 

Total Sources $3,551 Total Uses $3,551 

SBG PRO FORMA CAPITALIZATION ($MM) 

PF xL8QA 12/31/24E STG PF xL8QA 12/31/24E STG 

Credit Agreement Adj. Credit Agreement Adj. 

Maturity / Tenor Coupon As of 12/31/24E EBITDA
Transaction Adjustments Pro Forma EBITDA 

Cash & cash equivalents (less 2025 expected DSG tax pmt) $182(3) $182(3) 

New First-Out RCF Feb-30(1) - - 

New First-Out Debt(2) 8 years(2) 1,428 1,428 

Total First-Out 1L Debt $1,428 2.1x 

Net First-Out 1L Debt $1,246 1.8x 

Extending Term Loan B-3 Dec-29(1) S+330 - 714 714 

Extending Term Loan B-4 Dec-30(1) S+410 -
731 731 

Second-Out 1L Notes Dec-32 4.375% - 246 246 

Total 1L Debt $3,119 4.5x

Net 1L Debt $2,937 4.2x 

New 2L Notes 8 years 9.750% - 432 432 

Total 2L + 1L Debt $3,551 5.1x 

Net 2L + 1L Debt $3,369 4.8x 

Non-Extended RCF ($37.5mm) Dec-25 S+200 - - - 

Partially-Extended RCF ($612.5mm) Apr-27 S+200 -
- - 

Term Loan B-2 Sep-26 S+250 1,175 (1,175) - 

Term Loan B-3 Apr-28 S+300 714
(714)(4) - 

Term Loan B-4 Apr-29 S+375 731 (731)(4) - 

4.125% Senior Secured
Notes Dec-30 4.125% 737 (737)(4) - 

Total Secured Debt $3,357 4.8x $3,551 5.1x

Net Secured Debt $3,175 4.6x $3,369 4.8x 

5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes Feb-27
5.125% 274 (104) 170 

5.500% Senior Unsecured Notes Mar-30 5.500% 485 485

Other Debt 37 37 

Total Debt $4,153 6.0x $4,242 6.1x 

Net Total Debt $3,971 5.7x $4,060 5.8x 

Pro Forma 12/31/24E L8QA STG Credit Agreement Adj.
EBITDA (less L8QA DSG mgmt. fees)(5) $695 $695 

Source: Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC (SBG) filings; debt figures shown updated for amortization
payments made in Q4 2024; (1)Springing maturity ahead of funded debt other than the 2027s; (2)Subject to market conditions; (3)Projected YE cash balance net of the expected $121MM DSG tax payments in 2025, representing STGs portion of
Sinclairs expected overall DSG tax payments; (4)Assumes 100% participation in RCF, TLB-3, TLB-4 and 2030 senior secured note exchanges and no borrowings under the (backstopped) 3 First-Out Term Loan Facility; (5)Based on management estimate
for 12/31/24 STG Credit Agreement Adjusted EBITDA of $749MM less ~$54MM of L8QA DSG management fees. STG Credit Agreement Adjusted EBITDA is Consolidated EBITDA as defined in the STG bank credit agreement over the last eight consecutive quarters
divided by two. 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d791660dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

News Release 

Sinclair
Enters Into Agreement with Creditors on Liquidity Enhancing Transaction 

BALTIMORE (January 14, 2025) - Sinclair, Inc. (Nasdaq: SBGI), the
Company or Sinclair, today announced that Sinclair Television Group, Inc. (STG) and certain affiliated entities have entered into a Transaction Support Agreement (including the attached term sheet and other
attachments thereto, the TSA) with certain of STGs secured creditors (the Consenting Creditors), including lenders holding term loans (the Existing Term Loan Facility) under STGs existing credit
facilities (the Existing Credit Facilities) governed by STGs existing bank credit agreement (the Existing Credit Agreement) and various holders of STGs outstanding 4.125% Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (the
Existing Secured Notes), on the principal terms of new money financings and a debt recapitalization (the Transactions) to strengthen the Companys balance sheet and better position it for long-term growth. 

The transactions, as contemplated in the TSA, demonstrate the strong support of our creditors in positioning the Company for long-term success by
enhancing its financial liquidity and flexibility said Chris Ripley, Sinclairs President and Chief Executive Officer. The refinancings are expected to push our closest meaningful maturity to December 2029 and extend all of our
maturities to a weighted average of 6.6 years, while materially reducing our first lien net leverage and improving our financial optionality, allowing us to continue to be opportunistic in the marketplace to deleverage over time while driving
enhanced returns for all of the companys stakeholders. 

The lenders of the Existing Term Loan Facility party to the TSA represent
approximately 80% of the aggregate principal amount of STGs outstanding loans under its Existing Credit Facilities, and the holders of Existing Secured Notes party to the TSA represent approximately 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the
Existing Secured Notes, which, in each case, is in excess of the consent thresholds necessary to permit the Transactions. By executing the TSA, the lenders and noteholders party thereto agreed to, among other things, (i) with respect to certain
backstop lenders, provide a backstopped First-Out Term Loan Facility (as defined below); (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to support and take all commercially reasonable actions necessary or reasonably
requested by the Company to facilitate the consummation of the Transactions, and (iii) negotiate in good faith the applicable definitive documents consistent with the terms of the TSA. 

The Transactions, once finalized, will provide for the following, including the amendment of certain existing debt documents to permit the following: 

First-Out First Lien Credit Facilities. STG will use commercially
reasonable efforts to enter into an up to $650.0 million aggregate principal amount first-out first lien revolving credit facility, including a letter of credit
sub-facility and a swing-line sub-facility (the First-Out Revolving Credit Facility). STG will use commercially
reasonable efforts to 

ensure that the First-Out Revolving Credit Facility will be offered to all eligible holders of revolving loans and commitments outstanding under the
Existing Credit Agreement (the Existing Revolving Credit Facility). Obligations under the Existing Revolving Credit Facility held by non-consenting holders that do not participate in or consent to
the exchange into obligations under the First-Out Revolving Credit Facility will be ranked as third lien obligations under an amended credit agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement), which will
amend the Existing Credit Agreement to eliminate substantially all covenants, events of default and related definitions contained therein. In the event that the net cash proceeds of any Other First-Out First
Lien Debt (as defined below) STG anticipates borrowing (if any) on or prior to the closing date of the Transactions are not sufficient to repay in full all of the outstanding $1,175 million of aggregate principal amount of outstanding term
loans B-2 under the Existing Credit Agreement, certain parties to the Transaction Support Agreement have made available, and STG may elect to borrow, in lieu of such Other
First-Out First Lien Debt, $1,175 million aggregate principal amount of backstop first-out first lien term loans, which amount shall, at STGs option, be
increased (solely by including such increase as additional principal) to fund any backstop fees and original issue discount (together with any new term loans B-5 (as described below), the First-Out Term Loan Facility), the proceeds of which shall be used to repay the outstanding term loans B-2 under the Existing Credit Agreement. The First-Out Revolving Credit Facility and First-Out Term Loan Facility will be documented under a new credit agreement (the New Credit Agreement).

In addition, on or after the closing date of the Transactions, STG may incur other debt on a pari passu basis (as to
payment and lien priority, including as to the application of proceeds with respect to, and distributions made on account of, collateral) with the First-Out Term Loan Facility and the First-Out Revolving Credit Facility, whether in the form of bonds, notes, loans or other debt instruments, and that has substantially the same collateral securing such debt as the
First-Out Term Loan Facility and the First-Out Revolving Credit Facility (in each case after giving effect to any applicable transactions to merge any finance or
escrow subsidiary which initially may issue such debt into STG or any guarantor(s)) (the Other First-Out First Lien Debt). 

Term Loan Exchanges. Holders of the approximately $714 million and $731 million aggregate
principal amount of outstanding term loans B-3 and B-4, respectively, under the Existing Credit Agreement will be afforded the opportunity to refinance and/or exchange
such term loans into second-out first lien term loans under the New Credit Agreement (the Second-Out Term Loan Facility), consisting of
(x) approximately $714 million aggregate principal amount term loans B-6 maturing December 31, 2029 offered to holders of the outstanding term loans B-3
and (y) approximately $731 million aggregate principal amount term loans B-7 maturing December 31, 2030 offered to holders of the outstanding term loans
B-4. Term loans B-3 and B-4 held by non-consenting holders that do not participate in or
consent to the exchange into Second-Out Term Loan Facility will be ranked as third lien obligations under the Amended Credit 

Agreement, which will amend the Existing Credit Agreement to eliminate substantially all covenants, events of default and related definitions contained therein. In the event that the net cash
proceeds from the incurrence of any Other First-Out First Lien Debt or borrowings under the First-Out Term Loan Facility STG elects to borrow (if any) are not sufficient
to repay in full all of the outstanding $1,175 million of aggregate principal amount of outstanding term loans B-2 under the Existing Credit Agreement, holders thereof will be afforded the opportunity to
exchange such term loans into first-out first lien term loans B-5 on a dollar-for-dollar
basis on the same terms and conditions as the First-Out First Lien Term Loan Facility, other than in respect of pricing and maturity, which pricing and maturity of the new term loans B-5 will remain the same as under the existing term loans B-2.

Exchange Offer. STG will undertake an offering to all eligible holders of the Existing Secured Notes to
exchange up to approximately $246 million aggregate principal amount of Existing Secured Notes for up to approximately $246 million aggregate principal amount of STGs 4.375% Senior Second-Out
Secured Notes due 2032 (the Exchange Second-Out Notes) (the Exchange Offer). Certain holders of Existing Secured Notes party to the Transaction Support Agreement will not participate in
the Exchange Offer and instead will participate in the transactions described under Private Exchange Offers or Private Debt Repurchase below, as applicable. Non-tendering holders of
Existing Secured Notes will continue to hold Existing Secured Notes under the indenture related thereto, subject to amendments to release all collateral securing such Existing Secured Notes and eliminate substantially all covenants, events of
default and related definitions. As amended, such Existing Secured Notes will become unsecured obligations of STG. Prior to the commencement of the Exchange Offer or in connection therewith, it is expected that the holders of Existing Secured Notes
party to the Transaction Support Agreement, who represent an aggregate principal amount of the Existing Secured Notes necessary to consent to the indenture amendments described above, shall have delivered such consents. The Exchange Offer may be
commenced subsequent to the closing of the other Transactions, in which event, as a condition to the consummation of the other Transactions, the holders of Existing Secured Notes party to the Transaction Support Agreement, who represent an aggregate
principal amount of the Existing Secured Notes necessary to consent to the indenture amendments described above, shall have delivered such consents and such Existing Secured Notes shall have become unsecured obligations of STG.

Private Debt Repurchase. Unless STG elects to effect the AHG Notes Exchange (as defined below), STG will
purchase or redeem for cash up to $59.3 million aggregate principal amount of Existing Secured Notes at 84% of the principal amount thereof (the AHG Existing Secured Notes Purchase) and up to $104.2 million aggregate principal
amount of 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes at 97% of the principal amount thereof (the AHG 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes Purchase, and together with the AHG Existing Secured Notes Purchase, the AHG Notes Repurchase), each
together with any accrued and unpaid interest, held by certain parties to the Transaction Support Agreement. 

Private Exchange Offers. STG will issue to certain holders of the Existing Secured Notes party to the
Transaction Support Agreement approximately $432 million aggregate principal amount of STGs 9.75% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes due 2033 (the New Second Lien Notes) in exchange for approximately $432 million aggregate
principal amount of Existing Secured Notes, with accrued and unpaid interest on the exchanged amount of Existing Secured Notes being paid in cash on the date of exchange. In addition, at STGs election, in lieu of consummating the AHG Notes
Repurchase, STG may issue to certain parties to the Transaction Support Agreement (the selection of the following clauses (a) and (b) at the election of each such party) (a) additional term loans B-5
in exchange for such holders Existing Secured Notes at an exchange price of 84% of the aggregate principal amount thereof and/or for such holders STGs 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2027 (the 5.125% Senior Unsecured
Notes) at an exchange price of 97% of the aggregate principal amount thereof or (b) 4.125% First-Out First Lien Notes due 2030 (the AHG 4.125% First-Out
Notes) in exchange for such holders Existing Secured Notes and/or 5.125% First-Out First Lien Notes due 2027 (the AHG 5.125% First-Out Notes, and
together with the AHG 4.125% First-Out Notes, the AHG First-Out Notes) in exchange for such holders 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes, each on a dollar for
dollar basis, on terms substantially consistent with the terms of the Exchange Second-Out Notes, other than in respect of pricing and maturity, which pricing and maturity of the AHG 4.125% First-Out Notes and AHG 5.125% First-Out Notes will remain the same as the respective pricing and maturity of the Existing Secured Notes and 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes,
respectively, so exchanged except that the AHG First-Out Notes will include a special call feature permitting STG to repurchase the AHG 4.125% First-Out Notes at a price
of 84% of the principal amount thereof and the AHG 5.125% First-Out Notes at a price of 97% of the principal amount thereof. The note exchanges in clause (b) above are referred to as the AHG
Existing Secured Notes Exchange and the AHG 5.125% Senior Unsecured Notes Exchange, and together, the AHG Notes Exchange. 

Private Offering of New Second Lien Notes. At its election, STG may issue up to $50 million aggregate
principal amount of New Second Lien Notes to one or more purchasers for cash. 

The net proceeds from the incurrence of Other First-Out First Lien Debt or borrowings under the First-Out Term Loan Facility STG elects to borrow (if any), the net proceeds of any issuance of New Second Lien Notes for
cash, and cash and/or draws under the Existing Revolving Credit Facility or the First-Out Revolving Credit Facility will be used to repay all of the outstanding $1,175 million of aggregate principal
amount outstanding under our term loans B-2, to consummate the AHG Notes Repurchase (unless STG elects to effect the AHG Notes Exchange), and to pay related fees and expenses related to the Transactions. 

The closing of the Transactions is conditioned on the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions precedent, including finalizing definitive documents
consistent with the TSA, receipt of the requisite consents from lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement and holders of Existing Secured Notes, and satisfaction or waiver of the conditions described in the TSA. 

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any
securities, nor a solicitation of consents from any holders of securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities or solicitation of consents in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the
registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Any solicitation or offer will only be made pursuant to a separate disclosure statement distributed to the relevant holders of securities. 

Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP and Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson LLP are serving as legal advisors to the Company and STG, and J.P.
Morgan acted as exclusive advisor to Sinclair in connection with structuring and negotiating the transactions, with Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP acting as its counsel. Milbank LLP is serving as legal advisor to the Consenting Creditors,
including the new money lenders providing the First-Out Term Loan Facility, and Perella Weinberg Partners LP is serving as financial advisor to the Consenting Creditors. 

Forward-Looking Statements: 

The matters discussed in this news release, particularly those in the section labeled Outlook, include forward-looking statements
regarding, among other things, future operating results. When used in this news release, the words outlook, intends to, believes, anticipates, expects, achieves,
estimates, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results in the future could differ materially and adversely from those
described in the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including and in addition to the assumptions set forth therein, but not limited to, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise
to the termination of the TSA, the ability to negotiate and reach agreement on definitive documentation relating to the Transactions, the ability to satisfy closing conditions to the completion of the Transactions; the Companys ability to
achieve the anticipated benefits from the Transactions; other risks related to the completion of the Transactions and actions related thereto, the Companys ability the rate of decline in the number of subscribers to services provided by
traditional and virtual multi-channel video programming distributors (Distributors); the Companys ability to generate cash to service its substantial indebtedness; the successful execution of outsourcing agreements; the successful
execution of retransmission consent agreements; the successful execution of network and Distributor affiliation agreements; the Companys ability to identify and consummate acquisitions and investments, to manage increased financial leverage
resulting from acquisitions and investments, and to achieve anticipated returns on those investments once consummated; the Companys ability to compete for viewers and advertisers; pricing and demand fluctuations in local and national
advertising; the appeal of the Companys programming and volatility in programming costs; material legal, financial and reputational risks and operational disruptions resulting from a breach of the Companys information systems; the impact
of FCC and other regulatory proceedings against the Company; compliance with laws and uncertainties associated with potential changes in the regulatory environment affecting the Companys business and growth strategy; the impact of pending and
future litigation claims against the Company; the Companys limited experience in operating or investing in non-broadcast related businesses; and any risk factors set forth in the Companys recent
reports on Form 10-Q and/or Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. There can be no assurances that the assumptions and other factors referred
to in this release will occur. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements except as required by law. 

### 

Investor Contacts: 

Christopher C. King, VP, Investor Relations 

Billie-Jo McIntire, VP, Corporate Finance 

(410) 568-1500

Media Contact: 

Sinclair@5wpr.com 

Category: Financial
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sbgi-20250112.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sbgi-20250112_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>sbgi-20250112_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>sbgi-20250112_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Information [Table] 
Document Information [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 
Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Legal Entity [Axis] 
Legal Entity [Axis] 

Entity [Domain] 
Entity [Domain] 

Sinclair Broadcast Group L L C [Member] 
Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC 

Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>sbgi-20250112_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g791660g01a01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g791660g01a02.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g791660g01a03.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover Page

Jan. 12, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 12, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Sinclair, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity File Number 333-271072

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-1076143

Entity Address, Address Line One 10706 Beaver Dam Road

Entity Address, City or Town Hunt Valley

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 21030

City Area Code 410

Local Phone Number 568-1500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, par value $ 0.01 per share

Trading Symbol SBGI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001971213

Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity File Number 000-26076

Entity Tax Identification Number 52-1494660

Entity Address, Address Line One 10706 Beaver Dam Road

Entity Address, City or Town Hunt Valley

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 21030

City Area Code 410

Local Phone Number 568-1500

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000912752

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_LegalEntityAxis=sbgi_SinclairBroadcastGroupLLCMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
2 
22 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://sbgi.net/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d791660d8k.htm 
sbgi-20250112.xsd 
sbgi-20250112_cal.xml 
sbgi-20250112_def.xml 
sbgi-20250112_lab.xml 
sbgi-20250112_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-005700-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>d791660d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001971213 

2025-01-12 
2025-01-12 

0001971213 

sbgi:SinclairBroadcastGroupLLCMember 

2025-01-12 
2025-01-12 

MD 
MD 
MD 
MD 
false 
0001971213 
0000912752 
8-K 
2025-01-12 
Sinclair, Inc. 
333-271072 
92-1076143 
Sinclair Broadcast Group, LLC 
000-26076 
52-1494660 
10706 Beaver Dam Road 
10706 Beaver Dam Road 
Hunt Valley 
Hunt Valley 
21030 
21030 
410 
410 
568-1500 
568-1500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $ 0.01 per share 
SBGI 
NASDAQ 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>