<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-032666.txt : 20250407
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-032666.hdr.sgml : 20250407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250407163913
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-032666
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OLD POINT FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000740971
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				541265373
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12896
		FILM NUMBER:		25818692

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 WEST MELLEN ST
		CITY:			HAMPTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23663
		BUSINESS PHONE:		757-728-1876

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 WEST MELLEN ST
		CITY:			HAMPTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23663
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511458d3_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000074097100007409712025-04-022025-04-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 2, 2025

OLD POINT FINANCIAL CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

Virginia 000-12896 54-1265373

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

101 East Queen Street

Hampton, Virginia23669

(Address of principal executive offices) 
(Zip Code)

(757) 728-1200

(Registrant's telephone number, including area
code)

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

x Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $5.00 par value OPOF The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Agreement and Plan of Merger

Overview

On April 2, 2025, Old Point Financial Corporation,
a Virginia corporation (Old Point) and The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus, a nationally chartered banking association
and wholly owned subsidiary of Old Point (Old Point Bank) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (together with the
related plan of merger, the Merger Agreement) with TowneBank, a Virginia banking corporation. The Merger Agreement provides
that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, (i) Old Point will merge with and into TowneBank (the Company
Merger), and (ii) immediately thereafter and contemporaneously therewith, Old Point Bank will merge with and into TowneBank (such
merger, together with the Company Merger, the Merger), with TowneBank continuing as the surviving corporation in the Merger
(the Surviving Corporation). The boards of directors of each of Old Point, Old Point Bank and TowneBank have unanimously
approved the Merger Agreement.

Merger Consideration

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par
value $5.00 per share, of Old Point (Old Point Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time,
other than certain shares held by Old Point, will be converted into the right to receive, at the election of the holder of such share
of Old Point Common Stock, and subject to proration in accordance with the Merger Agreement:

$41.00 per share in cash (the Cash Consideration);
or

1.14 shares of common stock, par value $1.667 per share,
of TowneBank (the TowneBank Common Stock or Stock Consideration, and together with the Cash Consideration
and in each case, without interest, the Merger Consideration).

The shareholder election will be subject to a
proration mechanism, such that the total number of shares of Old Point Common Stock entitled to receive the Stock Consideration will be
equal to no less than 50% and no more than 60% of the aggregate number of shares of Old Point Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time, and all other shares of Old Point Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time will be entitled to receive the Cash Consideration.

Treatment of Old Point
Equity Awards

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each restricted share of Old Point Common Stock that is outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time will fully vest and be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration.

Representations and Warranties; Covenants

The Merger Agreement contains
customary representations and warranties from TowneBank, on the one hand, and Old Point and Old Point Bank, on the other hand, and customary
covenants, including among others, relating to (i) the conduct of Old Points and Old Point Banks respective businesses
during the interim period between the execution of the Merger Agreement and the Effective Time, (ii) the obligation of Old Point to call
a meeting of its shareholders to approve the Merger Agreement and an amendment to the Old Point articles of incorporation to allow Old
Point to merge with and into TowneBank (the Articles Amendment) and (iii) non-solicitation obligations of Old Point related
to alternative business combination proposals.

Under the Merger Agreement, each of TowneBank
and Old Point has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain as promptly as practicable all consents required to be obtained
from any governmental authority or other third party that are necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement. Notwithstanding such general obligation to obtain such consents of governmental authorities, TowneBank is not required,
and Old Point is not permitted without TowneBanks consent, to take any action that would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries, after giving effect to the Merger (measured on a scale relative to the
size of TowneBank and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, without giving effect to the Merger (except in the case of any such actions
caused by or arising solely out of the separate business or operations of Old Point or its subsidiaries prior to the closing, in which
case the standard will be measured on a scale relative to Old Point and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, without giving effect to the
Merger)) (a Materially Burdensome Regulatory Condition).

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective
Time, each of the members of Old Points board of directors serving immediately prior to the Effective Time will be invited to join
the Peninsula regional advisory board of directors of TowneBank or another regional advisory board of directors of TowneBank of their
choosing. Membership on such board will be conditional upon the director executing an agreement providing that such person will not engage
in certain activities competitive with TowneBank until the later of the date that is two years following the Effective Time or the date
on which he or she ceases to be a member of such regional advisory board. TowneBanks directors and officers shall be the directors
and officers of the Surviving Corporation following the Merger.

Closing Conditions

The completion of the Merger is subject to customary
conditions, including (i) approval of the Merger Agreement and the Articles Amendment by Old Points shareholders, (ii) authorization
for listing on Nasdaq of the shares of TowneBank Common Stock to be issued in the Merger, subject to official notice of issuance, (iii)
the receipt of specified governmental consents and approvals, including from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC),
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Bureau of Financial institutions of the Virginia State Corporation Commission, and
termination or expiration of all applicable waiting periods in respect thereof, and, in the case of TowneBanks obligation to effect
the Merger, without the imposition of a Materially Burdensome Regulatory Condition, and (iv) the absence of any order, injunction, decree
or other legal restraint preventing the completion of the Merger or making the completion of the Merger illegal. Each partys obligation
to complete the Merger is also subject to certain additional customary conditions, including (a) the accuracy of the representations and
warranties of the other party, subject to certain materiality and material adverse effect qualifications, (b) performance in all material
respects by the other party of its obligations under the Merger Agreement and (c) receipt by such party of an opinion from counsel to
the effect that the Company Merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended.

Termination; Termination Fee

The Merger Agreement provides certain termination
rights for TowneBank and Old Point and further provides that a termination fee of $8.2 million will be payable by Old Point in the event
that the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances.

Important Statement Regarding Merger Agreement

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The representations,
warranties and covenants of each party set forth in the Merger Agreement have been made only for the purposes of, and were and are
solely for the benefit of the parties to, the Merger Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting
parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the
parties to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality
applicable to the parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Accordingly, the representations and warranties may not
describe the actual state of affairs at the date they were made or at any other time, and investors should not rely on them as
statements of fact. In addition, such representations and warranties (i) will not survive consummation of the Merger and
(ii) were made only as of the date of the Merger Agreement or such other date as is specified in the Merger Agreement.
Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger
Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the parties public disclosures. Accordingly, the
Merger Agreement is included with this filing only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Merger
Agreement, and not to provide investors with any factual information regarding TowneBank or Old Point, their respective affiliates
or their respective businesses. The Merger Agreement should not be read alone, but should instead be read in conjunction with the
other information regarding TowneBank, Old Point, their respective affiliates or their respective businesses, the Merger Agreement
and the Merger that will be contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the proxy statement of Old Point as well as in the
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings that each of TowneBank and Old
Point make with the FDIC or the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), as applicable.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain
Officers.

Amended Change of Control Severance Agreements
with Ms. Liles and Mr. Hotchkiss

On April 2, 2025, Old
Point Bank entered into Change of Control Severance Agreements with Cathy W. Liles, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer of Old Point Bank (the Liles Change of Control Agreement) and Thomas Hotchkiss, Executive Vice President and
Chief Credit Officer of Old Point Bank (the Hotchkiss Change of Control Agreement, and together with the Liles Change
of Control Agreement, the Change of Control Agreements). The Liles Change of Control Agreement amends and replaces the
Change of Control Severance Agreement between Old Point Bank and Ms. Liles dated May 23, 2024, and the Hotchkiss Change of Control
Agreement amends and replaces the Change of Control Severance Agreement between Old Point Bank and Mr. Hotchkiss dated September 17,
2019.

The Change of Control Agreements provide certain
payments and benefits in the event of a termination of the employees employment by Old Point Bank without cause or
by the employee for good reason within the two-year period following a change of control (as those terms are
defined in the Change of Control Agreements). In such event, the employee would be entitled to receive (i) an amount equal to 2.00 times
his or her base salary as in effect at the time of termination, payable in equal installments over a 24-month period; (ii) an amount equal
to 2.00 times the average annual bonus payable to the covered employee for the five years preceding the calendar year in which the termination
occurs (or the average for the number of years the employee has had a Change of Control Severance Agreement in effect with Old Point Bank,
if less than five years), payable in equal installments over a 24-month period; and (iii) a lump sum amount equal to the product of 24
times the monthly rate of Old Point Banks subsidy for coverage in its medical, dental and vision plans for active employees, payable
60 days following termination. Each Change in Control Agreement also provides that payments and benefits to the covered employee will
be limited to the maximum amount that does not implicate certain tax deductibility limitations.

The Change of Control Agreements also include
the following covenants that apply to the employee following the termination of his or her employment for any reason: (i) a confidentiality
covenant that applies for five years following the termination of the employees employment; and (ii) non-solicitation, non-piracy
and non-competition covenants that each apply for 12 months following the termination of the employees employment. Payments under
each Change in Control Agreement are contingent on the employee signing and not revoking a release of claims and on the employees
compliance with these restrictive covenants.

The foregoing description
of the Change of Control Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Change of Control Agreements, which
are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

Support Agreement

Concurrently with the execution and delivery of
the Merger Agreement, TowneBank entered into a support agreement (each, a Support Agreement) with each of the directors
of Old Point and PL Capital Advisors, LLC, who collectively hold the power to vote approximately 30% of the issued and outstanding Old
Point Common Stock. Pursuant to the Support Agreements, each such shareholder has agreed, among other things and subject to the terms
of the Support Agreement, to (i) vote its shares of Old Point Common Stock, in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the Articles
Amendment and (ii) not transfer its shares of Old Point Common Stock, with certain limited exceptions. The Support Agreements will each
terminate upon the earlier of the termination of the Merger Agreement or the Effective Time.

The foregoing description of the Support Agreements
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Support Agreements, the form of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein.

Employment Agreements

Simultaneous with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, TowneBank entered into employment agreements with certain Old Point executives, pursuant to which such individuals will continue
employment with TowneBank following the completion of the Merger.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 2, 2025, by and among Old Point Financial Corporation, The Old Point National Bank of
Phoebus, and TowneBank.*

Exhibit 10.1 Change of Control Severance Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and between The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus and Cathy W. Liles.

Exhibit 10.2 Change of Control Severance Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and between The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus and Thomas Hotchkiss.

Exhibit 99.1 Form of Support Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2025, by and among TowneBank and certain shareholders of Old Point.

Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules and
similar attachments have been omitted. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or similar
attachment to the SEC upon request.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements

This communication contains certain
forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical
facts, but instead represent only the beliefs, expectations, or opinions of TowneBank and Old Point and their respective management teams
regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond the control of TowneBank and Old Point. Forward-looking
statements may be identified by the use of such words as: believe, expect, anticipate, intend,
plan, estimate, or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional terms, such as will, would,
should, could, may, likely, probably, or possibly.
These statements may address issues that involve significant risks, uncertainties, estimates, and assumptions made by management, including
statements about (i) the benefits of the transaction, including future financial and operating results, cost savings, enhancement to revenue
and accretion to reported earnings that may be realized from the transaction and (ii) TowneBanks and Old Points plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions and other statements contained in this communication that are not historical facts. In addition, these forward-looking
statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions
that are subject to change and difficult to predict with regard to timing, extent, likelihood and degree of occurrence. Although TowneBanks
and Old Points respective management teams believe that estimates and assumptions on which forward-looking statements are based
are reasonable, such estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain. As a result, actual results may differ materially from the anticipated
results discussed in these forward-looking statements because of possible uncertainties.

The following factors, among others,
could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements:
(1) the business of Old Point or Old Point Bank may not be successfully integrated into TowneBank, or such integration may take longer,
be more difficult, time-consuming or costly to accomplish than expected; (2) the expected growth opportunities or cost savings from the
transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; (3) deposit attrition, operating costs, customer losses
and business disruption following the transaction, including adverse effects on relationships with employees and customers, may be greater
than expected; (4) the possibility that the transaction does not close when expected or at all because required regulatory, shareholder
or other approvals and other conditions to closing are not received or satisfied on a timely basis or at all (and the risk that such approvals
may result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the transaction);
(5) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against TowneBank or Old Point; (6) the occurrence of any event, change,
or other circumstance that could give rise to the right of one or both of the parties to terminate the definitive merger agreement between
TowneBank and Old Point; (7) reputational risk and potential adverse reactions of TowneBank or Old Points customers, employees
or other business partners, including those resulting from the announcement or completion of the transaction; (8) the dilution caused
by TowneBanks issuance of additional shares of its capital stock in connection with the transaction; (9) the diversion of managements
attention and time from ongoing business operations and opportunities on merger-related matters; (10) economic, legislative or regulatory
changes, including changes in accounting standards, may adversely affect the businesses in which TowneBank and Old Point are engaged;
(11) competitive pressures in the banking industry that may increase significantly; (12) changes in the interest rate environment that
may reduce margins and/or the volumes and values of loans made or held as well as the value of other financial assets held; (13) an unforeseen
outflow of cash or deposits or an inability to access the capital markets, which could jeopardize TowneBanks or Old Points
overall liquidity or capitalization; (14) changes in the creditworthiness of customers and the possible impairment of the collectability
of loans; (15) insufficiency of TowneBanks or Old Points allowance for credit losses due to market conditions, inflation,
changing interest rates or other factors; (16) adverse developments in the financial industry generally, responsive measures to mitigate
and manage such developments, related supervisory and regulatory actions and costs, and related impacts on customer and client behavior;
(17) general economic conditions, either nationally or regionally, that may be less favorable than expected, resulting in, among other
things, a deterioration in credit quality and/or a reduced demand for credit or other services; (18) unusual and infrequently occurring
events, such as weather-related or natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, or public health events; (19) cybersecurity threats or
attacks, whether directed at TowneBank or Old Point or at vendors or other third parties with which TowneBank or Old Point interact; (20)
the implementation of new technologies, and the ability to develop and maintain reliable electronic systems; (21) changes in business
conditions; (22) changes in the securities market; and (23) changes in the local economies with regard to TowneBanks and Old Points
respective market areas.

Additional factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements are discussed in
TowneBanks reports filed with the FDIC or Old Points reports filed with the SEC. TowneBank and Old Point undertake no
obligation to update or clarify these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

This communication does not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities of Old Point or TowneBank or a solicitation of any vote or approval.
In connection with the transaction, Old Point will file with the SEC a preliminary proxy statement, which will include an offering circular
with respect to the common stock of TowneBank. Old Point will deliver a definitive proxy statement/offering circular to its shareholders
seeking approval of the transaction and related matters. In addition, each of TowneBank and Old Point may file other relevant documents
concerning the proposed transaction with the FDIC and the SEC, respectively.

Investors, TowneBank shareholders
and Old Point shareholders are strongly urged to read the definitive proxy statement/offering circular regarding the proposed transaction
when it becomes available and other relevant documents filed with the FDIC and SEC, as well as any amendments or supplements to those
documents, because they will contain important information about TowneBank, Old Point and the proposed transaction. Free copies of the
definitive proxy statement/offering circular, as well as other filings containing information about Old Point, may be obtained after their
filing at the SECs website (http://www.sec.gov). In addition, free copies of the definitive proxy statement/offering circular,
when available, also may be obtained by directing a request by telephone or mail to Old Point Financial Corporation, 101 East Queen Street,
Hampton, Virginia 23669, Attention: Investor Relations (telephone: (757) 728-1743), or by accessing Old Points website at https://www.oldpoint.com
under Investor Relations. Free copies of filings containing information about TowneBank may be obtained after their filing
at the FDICs website (https://www.fdic.gov/). The documents described above also may be obtained by directing a request by telephone
or mail to TowneBank, 6001 Harbour View Boulevard, Suffolk, Virginia 23435, Attention: Investor Relations (telephone: (757) 638-6794),
or by accessing TowneBanks website at https://townebank.com under Investor Relations. The information on TowneBanks
and Old Points websites is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this communication or incorporated into other filings
either company makes with the FDIC or SEC.

Participants in the Solicitation

TowneBank, Old Point, and certain
of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders
of Old Point in connection with the transaction. Information about the interests of the directors and executive officers of TowneBank
and Old Point and other persons who may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of shareholders of Old Point in connection with
the transaction and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be included in the definitive
proxy statement/offering circular related to the transaction, which will be filed by Old Point with the SEC.

Information about the directors
and executive officers of TowneBank and their ownership of TowneBank common stock is also set forth in the definitive proxy statement
for TowneBanks 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, as filed with the FDIC on Schedule 14A on April 2, 2025. Information about
the directors and executive officers of TowneBank, their ownership of TowneBank common stock, and TowneBanks transactions with
related persons is set forth in the sections entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, and Certain Relationship and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence included in TowneBanks annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2024, as filed with the FDIC on February 28, 2025, and in the sections entitled Election of Directors Proposal One,
Ownership of Company Common Stock, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Named Executive Officers Compensation,
Compensation of Directors and Related Party Transactions included in TowneBanks definitive proxy statement
in connection with its 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, as filed with the FDIC on April 2, 2025. To the extent holdings of TowneBank
common stock by the directors and executive officers of TowneBank have changed from the amounts of TowneBank common stock held by such
persons as reflected therein, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the
FDIC. Free copies of these documents may be obtained as described above.

Information about the directors
and executive officers of Old Point and their ownership of Old Point common stock can also be found in Old Points definitive proxy
statement in connection with its 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, as filed with the SEC on April 17, 2024 (and which is available
at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/740971/000114036124020305/ny20023777x1_def14a.htm) and other documents subsequently filed
by Old Point with the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of Old Point, their ownership of Old Point common stock,
and Old Points transactions with related persons is set forth in the sections entitled Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters,
and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence included in Old Points annual report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on March 31, 2025 (and which is available at https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/0000740971/000114036125011206/ef20039021_10k.htm),
and in the sections entitled Proposal One Election of Directors, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management, Director Compensation, Executive Compensation and Interest of Management
in Certain Transactions included in Old Points definitive proxy statement in connection with its 2024 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, as filed with the SEC on April 17, 2024 (and which is available at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/740971/000114036124020305/ny20023777x1_def14a.htm).
To the extent holdings of Old Point common stock by the directors and executive officers of Old Point have changed from the amounts of
Old Point common stock held by such persons as reflected therein, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change
in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Free copies of these documents may be obtained as described above.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

OLD POINT FINANCIAL CORPORATION

(Registrant)

By: /s/ Robert F. Shuford Jr. 

Name: Robert F. Shuford Jr.

Title: Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer

Date: April 7, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511458d3_ex2-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

by and among

OLD POINT
FINANCIAL CORPORATION,

THE OLD
POINT NATIONAL BANK OF PHOEBUS

and

TOWNEBANK

Dated
as of April 2, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article 1

The Merger

Section 1.01. The Merger 2

Section 1.02. Closing 2

Section 1.03. Effective Time 3

Section 1.04. Effects of the Merger 3

Section 1.05. Conversion of Company Common Stock 3

Section 1.06. Company Subsidiary Bank Stock 4

Section 1.07. Parent Stock 5

Section 1.08. Treatment of Company Restricted Stock Awards 5

Section 1.09. Company ESPP 5

Section 1.10. Amendment of Company Articles 5

Section 1.11. Articles of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation 6

Section 1.12. Bylaws of Surviving Corporation 6

Section 1.13. Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation 6

Section 1.14. Tax Consequences 6

Article 2

Exchange of Shares

Section 2.01. Proration 6

Section 2.02. Election Procedures 8

Section 2.03. Parent to Make Consideration Available 9

Section 2.04. Exchange of Shares 10

Article 3

Representations and Warranties of Company

Section 3.01. Corporate Organization 13

Section 3.02. Capitalization 14

Section 3.03. Authority; No Violation 15

Section 3.04. Consents and Approvals 16

Section 3.05. Reports 17

Section 3.06. Financial Statements 17

Section 3.07. Brokers Fees 19

Section 3.08. Absence of Certain Changes or Events 19

Section 3.09. Legal Proceedings 19

Section 3.10. Taxes and Tax Returns 20

Section 3.11. Employees 21

Section 3.12. SEC Reports 26

Section 3.13. Compliance with Applicable Law 26

Section 3.14. Certain Contracts 28

Section 3.15. Company Supervisory Actions 29

Section 3.16. Risk Management Instruments 29

Section 3.17. Environmental Matters 30

-i-

Section 3.18. Investment Securities and Commodities 30

Section 3.19. Real Property 30

Section 3.20. Intellectual Property 31

Section 3.21. Customer Relationships 32

Section 3.22. Related Party Transactions 33

Section 3.23. State Takeover Laws 33

Section 3.24. Reorganization 33

Section 3.25. Opinion 33

Section 3.26. Company Information 34

Section 3.27. Loan Portfolio 34

Section 3.28. Insurance 35

Section 3.29. Investment Advisory and Broker-Dealer Matters 36

Section 3.30. Insurance Subsidiaries 36

Section 3.31. Sanctions, Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Corruption Laws 37

Section 3.32. No Other Representations or Warranties 38

Article 4

Representations and Warranties of Parent

Section 4.01. Corporate Organization 39

Section 4.02. Capitalization 40

Section 4.03. Authority; No Violation 41

Section 4.04. Consents and Approvals 42

Section 4.05. Reports 42

Section 4.06. Financial Statements 43

Section 4.07. Brokers Fees 44

Section 4.08. Absence of Certain Changes or Events 44

Section 4.09. Legal Proceedings 44

Section 4.10. Taxes and Tax Returns 45

Section 4.11. Risk Management Instruments 45

Section 4.12. Employees 46

Section 4.13. FDIC Reports 46

Section 4.14. Compliance with Applicable Law 47

Section 4.15. Parent Supervisory Actions 48

Section 4.16. State Takeover Laws 48

Section 4.17. Reorganization 48

Section 4.18. Opinion 49

Section 4.19. Parent Information 49

Section 4.20. Financing 49

Section 4.21. No Other Representations or Warranties 49

Article 5

Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business

Section 5.01. Conduct of Businesses by Company Prior to the Effective Time 50

Section 5.02. Forbearances of Company 50

Section 5.03. Forbearances of Parent 54

-ii-

Article 6

Additional Agreements

Section 6.01. Regulatory Matters 54

Section 6.02. Access to Information; Confidentiality 56

Section 6.03. Shareholder Approval 57

Section 6.04. Legal Conditions to Merger 58

Section 6.05. Stock Exchange Listing 58

Section 6.06. Employee Matters 58

Section 6.07. Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance 59

Section 6.08. Additional Agreements 60

Section 6.09. Advice of Changes 60

Section 6.10. Dividends 61

Section 6.11. Shareholder Litigation 61

Section 6.12. Corporate Governance 61

Section 6.13. Acquisition Proposals 62

Section 6.14. Public Announcements 63

Section 6.15. Change of Method 63

Section 6.16. Takeover Statutes 63

Section 6.17. Exemption from Liability Under Section 16(b) 63

Section 6.18. Tax Cooperation 64

Section 6.19. Assumption of Debt Obligations 64

Section 6.20. Commitments to the Community 64

Article 7

Conditions Precedent

Section 7.01. Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to Effect the Merger 64

Section 7.02. Conditions to Obligations of Parent 65

Section 7.03. Conditions to Obligations of Company 66

Article 8

Termination and Amendment

Section 8.01. Termination 67

Section 8.02. Effect of Termination 68

-iii-

Article 9

General Provisions

Section 9.01. Amendment 69

Section 9.02. Extension; Waiver 69

Section 9.03. Nonsurvival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements 69

Section 9.04. Expenses 70

Section 9.05. Notices 70

Section 9.06. Interpretation 71

Section 9.07. Counterparts 72

Section 9.08. Entire Agreement 72

Section 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction 72

Section 9.10. Waiver of Jury Trial 72

Section 9.11. Assignment; Third-Party Beneficiaries 72

Section 9.12. Specific Performance 73

Section 9.13. Severability 73

Section 9.14. Confidential Supervisory Information 73

Section 9.15. Delivery by Electronic Transmission 73

Exhibit A Form of Company Support Agreement

Exhibit B Plan of Merger

Exhibit C Form of Director Noncompetition Agreement

-iv-

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS

Page

Acquisition Proposal 65

affiliate 75

Agreement 1

Articles of Merger 3

Bank Merger Act 17

BFI 17

BHC Act 13

business day 75

Capitalization Date 14

CARES Act 28

Cash Consideration 3

Cash Election 3

Cash Election Shares 3

Change in Bank Control Act 17

Chosen Courts 75

Closing 2

Closing Date 3

Code 1

Collective Bargaining Agreement 26

Company 1

Company Agent 37

Company Articles 14

Company Articles Amendment 5

Company Benefit Plans 22

Company Board Recommendation 59

Company Bylaws 14

Company Common Stock 3

Company Continuing Employees 60

Company Contract 29

Company Disclosure Schedule 12

Company Indemnified Parties 62

Company Insiders 67

Company Insurance Subsidiary 37

Company Meeting 59

Company Merger 1

Company Owned Properties 32

Company Qualified Plans 23

Company Real Property 32

Company Regulatory Agencies 18

Company Reports 27

Company Restricted Stock Award 5

Company Securities 15

Company Stock Plan 5

-v-

Company Subsidiary 14

Company Subsidiary Bank 1

Company Subsidiary Bank Articles 14

Company Subsidiary Bank Bylaws 14

Company Subsidiary Bank Common Stock 5

Company Subsidiary Securities 16

Company Supervisory Action 30

Company Support Agreement 2

Confidentiality Agreement 58

DOL 23

Effective Time 3

Election 8

Election Deadline 8

Election Period 8

Employee Benefit Plan 22

Enforceability Exceptions 17

Environmental Laws 31

ERISA 22

ERISA Affiliate 22

ESPP 5

Exchange Act 19

Exchange Agent 9

Exchange Fund 9

Exchange Ratio 4

FCPA 38

FDIC 14

Federal Reserve Board 18

FINRA 37

Form of Election 8

GAAP 13

Governmental Entity 18

Holder 8

HSR Act 17

Intellectual Property 33

Intended Tax Treatment 2

Investment Advisers Act 37

IRS 23

IT Assets 33

Key Employee 53

knowledge 75

Liens 15

Loans 35

made available 75

Material Adverse Effect 13

Materially Burdensome Regulatory Condition 57

Maximum Stock Conversion Number 6

-vi-

Merger 1

Merger Consideration 4

Minimum Stock Conversion Number 6

Multiemployer Plan 22

Multiple Employer Plan 24

National Bank Act 17

Non-Election Shares 3

OCC 17

OFAC 38

Offering Circular 17

Old Certificate 4

Parent 1

Parent Articles 40

Parent Benefit Plans 47

Parent Bylaws 40

Parent Common Stock 3

Parent Disclosure Schedule 17

Parent Equity Awards 41

Parent Preferred Stock 40

Parent Regulatory Agencies 43

Parent Reports 48

Parent Restricted Stock Awards 41

Parent RSU Awards 41

Parent Securities 41

Parent Subsidiary 40

Parent Subsidiary Securities 42

Parent Supervisory Action 49

PBGC 24

Per Share Cash Consideration 4

Permitted Encumbrances 32

person 75

Personal Data 28

Plan of Merger 2

Premium Cap 63

Proxy Statement 17

Recommendation Change 59

Representatives 65

Requisite Company Vote 16

Requisite Regulatory Approvals 57

Sanctions 38

Sarbanes-Oxley Act 19

SEC 17

Securities Act 27

Shortfall Number 7

Stock Consideration 3

Stock Election 3

Stock Election Number 7

Stock Election Shares 3

Subsidiary 13

Surviving Corporation 1

Takeover Statutes 34

Tax 22

Tax Return 22

Taxes 22

Termination Date 71

Termination Fee 72

VSCA 2

VSCC 3

-vii-

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

This
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of April 2, 2025 (this Agreement), is by and among Old Point Financial
Corporation, a Virginia corporation (Company), The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus, a nationally chartered banking
association and wholly owned subsidiary of Company (Company Subsidiary Bank), and TowneBank, a Virginia banking corporation
(Parent).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
the Boards of Directors of Company, Company Subsidiary Bank and Parent have determined that it is in the best interests of their respective
companies and their respective shareholders to consummate the strategic business combination transaction provided for herein, pursuant
to which (i) Company will, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, merge with and into Parent (the Company Merger)
and (ii) immediately thereafter and contemporaneously therewith, Company Subsidiary Bank will, subject to the terms and conditions set
forth herein, merge with and into Parent (the mergers in clauses (i) and (ii), together, the Merger), so that Parent
is the surviving corporation in the Merger (hereinafter sometimes referred to in such capacity as the Surviving Corporation);

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of each of Company
and Company Subsidiary Bank has unanimously (i) determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the
Merger and the Company Articles Amendment, are in the best interests of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank and their respective shareholders,
and declared that this Agreement is advisable, and (ii) adopted this Agreement and the Company Articles Amendment and approved the execution,
delivery and performance by Company and Company Subsidiary Bank of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Parent has unanimously
(i) determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, are in the best interests of Parent
and Parents shareholders, and declared that this Agreement is advisable, and (ii) adopted this Agreement and approved the execution,
delivery and performance by Parent of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Company, subject
to the terms of this Agreement, has resolved to recommend that Companys shareholders approve this Agreement and the Company Articles
Amendment and to submit this Agreement and the Company Articles Amendment to Companys shareholders for approval;

WHEREAS,
Company, as Company Subsidiary Banks sole shareholder, has approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including
the Merger, by written consent;

WHEREAS,
for federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Company Merger shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and this Agreement is intended
to be and is adopted as a plan of reorganization for purposes of Sections 354 and 361 of the Code (the Intended Tax Treatment);

WHEREAS,
the members of the Board of Directors and certain shareholders of Company are supportive of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment, and have determined that it is in their best interests to provide for
their support for this Agreement and such transactions and, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, are entering into a support
agreement with Parent (the Company Support Agreement), substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A, pursuant to which, among other things, each such holder is agreeing, subject to the terms of the Company Support Agreement, to vote
all shares of Company Common Stock such holder owns and has the sole power to vote or direct the voting thereof in favor of the approval
of this Agreement and the Company Articles Amendment, and the Company Support Agreement is further a condition and inducement for Parent
to enter into this Agreement;

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, Parent, Company and Company Subsidiary Bank are entering into employment agreements with certain employees of Company; and

WHEREAS, the parties desire to make certain representations,
warranties and agreements in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and also to prescribe certain conditions to the transactions
contemplated hereby.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
covenants, representations, warranties and agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as
follows:

Article
1

The Merger

Section 1.01. 
The Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, in accordance with the Virginia Stock Corporation Act (the VSCA), at the Effective Time, Company
shall merge with and into Parent and, immediately thereafter and contemporaneously therewith, Company Subsidiary Bank shall merge with
and into Parent, in each case, pursuant to the Plan of Merger attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Plan of Merger),
with Parent surviving the Merger as the Surviving Corporation. The Surviving Corporation shall continue its corporate existence under
the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. Upon consummation of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of Company and Company Subsidiary
Bank shall terminate.

Section 1.02. 
Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the Closing) will take place by electronic exchange of documents (a)
at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) business day of the first calendar month that follows the month in which the satisfaction
or waiver (subject to applicable law) of the last of the conditions set forth in Article 7 hereof (other than those conditions that by
their nature can only be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver thereof) occurs, provided that where fewer
than five (5) business days remain between such satisfaction or waiver and the last day of the month in which such satisfaction or waiver
occurs, the Closing shall instead take place on the first (1st) business of the second calendar month following the month in which such
satisfaction or waiver occurs, or (b) at such other date, time or place agreed to in writing by Company and Parent. The date on which
the Closing occurs is referred to as the Closing Date.

2

Section 1.03. 
Effective Time. On or (if agreed by Company
and Parent) prior to the Closing Date, the parties shall cause to be filed articles of merger meeting the requirements of Section 13.1-720
of the VSCA, including containing the Plan of Merger (the Articles of Merger), with the Virginia State Corporation
Commission (the VSCC). The Merger shall become effective at such time as specified in the Articles of Merger in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the VSCA and applicable law, or at such other time as shall be provided by applicable law (such time hereinafter
referred to as the Effective Time).

Section 1.04. 
Effects of the Merger. At and after the
Effective Time, the Merger shall have the effects set forth in the applicable provisions of the VSCA, Section 6.2-822.C of the Code of
Virginia, and applicable law.

Section 1.05. 
Conversion of Company Common Stock. At
the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Company, Company Subsidiary Bank or the holder
of any securities of Parent, Company or Company Subsidiary Bank:

(a) Subject to Section 2.01, Section 2.02 and Section 2.04(e),
each share of the common stock, par value $5.00 per share, of Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (the
Company Common Stock), except for shares of Company Common Stock owned by Company (in each case other than shares
of Company Common Stock (x) held in trust accounts, managed accounts, mutual funds and the like, or otherwise held in a fiduciary
or agency capacity that are beneficially owned by third parties or (y) held, directly or indirectly, by Company in respect of debts
previously contracted), shall be converted into the right to receive the following, without interest:

(i) For each share of Company Common Stock with respect to which
an election to receive cash (a Cash Election) has been effectively made and not revoked or deemed revoked pursuant
to Section 2.02 (collectively, the Cash Election Shares), an amount in cash equal to the Per Share Cash Consideration
(the Cash Consideration);

(ii) 
For each share of Company Common Stock with respect to which an election to receive Parent Common Stock (a Stock Election)
has been effectively made and not revoked or deemed revoked pursuant to Section 2.02 (collectively, the Stock Election
Shares), a number of shares of common stock, par value $1.667, of Parent (the Parent Common Stock), equal
to the Exchange Ratio (the Stock Consideration); and

(iii) 
For each share of Company Common Stock other than shares as to which a Cash Election or a Stock Election has been effectively made and
not revoked or deemed revoked pursuant to Section 2.02 (collectively the Non-Election Shares), the right to
receive such Stock Consideration or Cash Consideration as is determined in accordance with Section 2.01.

3

(b) 
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(i) The Exchange Ratio means 1.14.

(ii) 
The Merger Consideration means the Cash Consideration and/or Stock Consideration described in Section 1.05(a),
as applicable.

(iii) 
The Per Share Cash Consideration means $41.00.

(c) 
All of the shares of Company Common Stock converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to this Section 1.05
shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist as of the Effective Time, and each certificate
(each, an Old Certificate, it being understood that any reference herein to Old Certificate
shall be deemed to include reference to book-entry account statements relating to the ownership of shares of Company Common Stock) previously
representing any such shares of Company Common Stock shall thereafter represent only the right to receive (i) the Cash Consideration
and/or the Stock Consideration which the holder thereof shall have become entitled to receive in accordance with, and subject to, Section
1.05(a), (ii) cash in lieu of fractional shares which the holder thereof shall have become entitled to receive pursuant to Section 2.04(e)
and (iii) any dividends or distributions which the holder thereof shall have become entitled to receive pursuant to Section 2.04(b),
in each case, without any interest thereon. If, prior to the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock or Company
Common Stock shall have been increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or securities as
a result of a reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split or reverse stock split, or there shall
be any extraordinary dividend or distribution, an appropriate and proportionate adjustment shall be made to the Merger Consideration
to give Parent and the holders of Company Common Stock the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such event;
provided that nothing contained in this sentence shall be construed to permit Company or Parent to take any action with respect
to its securities or otherwise that is prohibited by the terms of this Agreement.

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
at the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock that are owned by Company (in each case other than shares of Company Common
Stock (i) held in trust accounts, managed accounts, mutual funds and the like, or otherwise held in a fiduciary or agency capacity
that are beneficially owned by third parties or (ii) held, directly or indirectly, by Company in respect of debts previously contracted)
shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist and no Merger Consideration or other consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

Section 1.06. 
Company Subsidiary Bank Stock. At the Effective
Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Company, Company Subsidiary Bank or the holder of any securities
of Parent, Company or Company Subsidiary Bank, each share of common stock, par value $5.00 per share, of Company Subsidiary Bank (the
Company Subsidiary Bank Common Stock), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall automatically
be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

4

Section 1.07. 
Parent Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue
of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Company, Company Subsidiary Bank or the holder of any securities of Parent,
Company or Company Subsidiary Bank, each share of Parent Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
remain an issued and outstanding share of Parent Common Stock and shall not be affected by the Merger; it being understood that upon the
Effective Time, the Parent Common Stock, including the shares issued to former holders of Company Common Stock, shall be the common stock
of the Surviving Corporation.

Section 1.08. 
Treatment of Company Restricted Stock Awards.
At the Effective Time, each restricted share of Company Common Stock granted under the Old Point Financial Corporation 2016 Incentive
Stock Plan (the Company Stock Plan, and each such share, a Company Restricted Stock Award )
that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger, shall fully vest and shall have the treatment set
forth in Section 1.05(a) applicable to shares of Company Common Stock.

Section 1.09. 
Company ESPP. Prior to the Effective Time,
the Company Board of Directors or the appropriate committee thereof shall take all actions necessary or appropriate, including adopting
any reasonably necessary resolutions, with respect to the Old Point Financial Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP)
to: (i) cause the offering period (as defined in the ESPP) ongoing as of the date of this Agreement to be the final offering period under
the ESPP and the options under the ESPP to be exercised on the earlier of (x) the scheduled purchase date for such offering period and
(y) the date that is ten business days prior to the Closing Date (with any participant payroll deductions not applied to the purchase
of shares of Company Common Stock promptly returned to the participant), (ii) prohibit any individual who is not participating in
the ESPP as of the date of this Agreement from commencing participation in the ESPP following the date of this Agreement, (iii) prohibit
participants in the ESPP from increasing their payroll deductions from those in effect as of the date of this Agreement and (iv) terminate
the ESPP as of, and subject to, the Effective Time.

Section 1.10. 
Amendment of Company Articles. Subject
to the provisions of this Agreement and the receipt of the Requisite Company Vote, immediately prior to the Effective Time, Company shall
amend Article II of the Company Articles (and cause to be filed articles of amendment meeting the requirements of Section 13.1-707
of the VSCA to cause such amendment to be effective immediately prior to the Effective Time) to
read as follows (the Company Articles Amendment) to enable the
Company to merge with and into Parent under the VSCA at the Effective Time: The purpose of the Corporation is to transact banking
business and trust business and any or all lawful business related or incidental thereto, and such other lawful business not required
to be stated in the Articles of Incorporation in which a Virginia chartered banking corporation may engage under the laws of the Commonwealth
of Virginia, as amended from time to time. 

5

Section 1.11. 
Articles of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation.
At the Effective Time, the Parent Articles, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the articles of incorporation
of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with applicable law.

Section 1.12. 
Bylaws of Surviving Corporation. At the
Effective Time, the Parent Bylaws, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation
until thereafter amended in accordance with applicable law.

Section 1.13. 
Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation.
At the Effective Time, the officers and directors of Parent as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers and directors
of the Surviving Corporation.

Section 1.14. 
Tax Consequences. It is intended that the
Company Merger shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and that this Agreement
is intended to be and is adopted as a plan of reorganization for the purposes of Sections 354 and 361 of the Code.

Article
2

Exchange of Shares

Section 2.01. 
Proration.

(a) 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Agreement, the total number of shares of Company Common Stock (including shares
subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards, but excluding the shares of Company Common Stock to be cancelled as provided in Section 1.05(d))
to be entitled to receive the Stock Consideration pursuant to Section 1.05(a) shall be equal to (i) no less than the product (rounded
down to the nearest whole share) obtained by multiplying (x) 0.5 by (y) the total number of shares of Company Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including for these purposes the shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards,
but excluding the shares of Company Common Stock to be cancelled as provided in Section 1.05(d)) (the Minimum Stock Conversion
Number) and (ii) no more than the product (rounded down to the nearest whole share) obtained by multiplying (x) 0.6 by (y)
the total number of shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including for these
purposes the shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards, but excluding the shares of Company Common Stock to be cancelled as provided
in Section 1.05(d)) (the Maximum Stock Conversion Number). All other shares of Company Common Stock entitled
to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 1.05(a) (including shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards, but
excluding the shares of Company Common Stock to be cancelled as provided in Section 1.05(d)) shall be converted into the right to
receive the Cash Consideration.

6

(b) 
Promptly (and in any event no later than five (5) business days) after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to effect
the allocation among holders of Company Common Stock and Company Restricted Stock Awards of rights to receive the Cash Consideration
and the Stock Consideration as follows:

(i) 
If the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock (including shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards) with respect
to which Stock Elections shall have been made (the Stock Election Number) is no less than the Minimum Stock Conversion
Number but no more than the Maximum Stock Conversion Number, then all Cash Election Shares and all Non-Election Shares shall be converted
into the right to receive the Cash Consideration, and Stock Election Shares of each holder thereof shall be converted into the right
to receive the Stock Consideration;

(ii) 
If the Stock Election Number exceeds the Maximum Stock Conversion Number, then all Cash Election Shares and all Non-Election Shares shall
be converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration, and Stock Election Shares of each holder thereof shall be converted into
the right to receive the Stock Consideration in respect of that number of Stock Election Shares equal to the product obtained by multiplying
(A) the number of Stock Election Shares held by such holder by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Maximum Stock Conversion
Number and the denominator of which is the Stock Election Number (with the Exchange Agent to determine, consistent with Section 2.01(a),
whether fractions of Stock Election Shares shall be rounded up or down), with the remaining number of such holders Stock Election
Shares being converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration; and

(iii) 
If the Stock Election Number is less than the Minimum Stock Conversion Number (the amount by which the Minimum Stock Conversion Number
exceeds the Stock Election Number being referred to herein as the Shortfall Number), then all Stock Election Shares
shall be converted into the right to receive the Stock Consideration and the Non-Election Shares and Cash Election Shares shall be treated
in the following manner:

(A) 
If the Shortfall Number is less than or equal to the number of Non-Election Shares, then all Cash Election Shares shall be converted
into the right to receive the Cash Consideration, and the Non-Election Shares of each holder thereof shall be converted into the right
to receive the Stock Consideration in respect of that number of Non-Election Shares equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x)
the number of Non-Election Shares held by such holder by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Shortfall Number and the denominator
of which is the total number of Non-Election Shares (with the Exchange Agent to determine, consistent with Section 2.01(a), whether
fractions of Non-Election Shares shall be rounded up or down), with the remaining number of such holders Non-Election Shares being
converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration; or

(B) 
If the Shortfall Number exceeds the number of Non-Election Shares, then all Non-Election Shares shall be converted into the right to
receive the Stock Consideration, and Cash Election Shares of each holder thereof shall be converted into the right to receive the Stock
Consideration in respect of that number of Cash Election Shares equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the number of Cash Election
Shares held by such holder by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount by which the Shortfall Number exceeds the total number
of Non-Election Shares, and the denominator of which is the total number of Cash Election Shares (with the Exchange Agent to determine,
consistent with Section 2.01(a), whether fractions of Cash Election Shares shall be rounded up or down), with the remaining number
of such holders Cash Election Shares being converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration.

7

Section 2.02. 
Election Procedures. Each holder of record of
shares of Company Common Stock and Company Restricted Stock Awards to be converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration and/or
the Stock Consideration in accordance with, and subject to, Section 1.05(a) (a Holder) shall have the right,
subject to the limitations set forth in this Article 2 and except as otherwise may be agreed by such holder and Parent, to submit an election
in accordance with the following procedures:

(a) 
Each Holder may specify in a request made in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.02 (herein called an Election)
(i) the number of shares of Company Common Stock owned by such Holder (or subject to such Company Restricted Stock Awards) with respect
to which such Holder desires to make a Stock Election and (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock owned by such Holder (or
subject to such Company Restricted Stock Awards) with respect to which such Holder desires to make a Cash Election.

(b) 
Parent shall prepare a form reasonably acceptable to Company, including appropriate and customary transmittal materials in such form
as prepared by Parent and reasonably acceptable to Company (the Form of Election), so as to permit Holders to exercise
their right to make an Election, and shall make such form available to Company for review not less than five (5) business days prior
to its first distribution to Holders.

(c) 
Parent (i) shall initially make available and mail the Form of Election not less than twenty (20) business days prior to the anticipated
Election Deadline to Holders of record as of the business day prior to such mailing date, and (ii) following such mailing date, shall
use all reasonable efforts to make available as promptly as possible a Form of Election to any shareholder or holder of Company Restricted
Stock Awards who requests such Form of Election prior to the Election Deadline. The time period between such mailing date and the Election
Deadline is referred to herein as the Election Period.

(d) 
Any Election shall have been made properly only if the Exchange Agent shall have received, during the Election Period, a Form of Election
properly completed and signed (including duly executed transmittal materials included in the Form of Election) and accompanied by any
Old Certificates representing all certificated shares to which such Form of Election relates or by an appropriate customary guarantee
of delivery of such Old Certificates, as set forth in such Form of Election, from a member of any registered national securities exchange
or a commercial bank or trust company in the United States. As used herein, unless otherwise agreed in advance by the parties, Election
Deadline means 5:00 p.m. local time (in the city in which the principal office of the Exchange Agent is located) on the date
which the parties shall agree is as near as practicable to two (2) business days preceding the Closing Date. The parties shall cooperate
to issue a press release reasonably satisfactory to each of them announcing the date of the Election Deadline not more than fifteen (15)
business days before, and at least five (5) business days prior to, the Election Deadline.

8

(e) 
Any Holder may, at any time during the Election Period, change or revoke his or her Election by written notice to the Exchange Agent
prior to the Election Deadline accompanied by a properly completed and signed revised Form of Election. If any Election is not properly
made with respect to any shares of Company Common Stock or any shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards (none of Parent, Company
nor the Exchange Agent being under any duty to notify any Holder of any such defect), such Election shall be deemed to be not in effect,
and the shares of Company Common Stock or any shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards covered by such Election shall, for purposes
hereof, be deemed to be Non-Election Shares, unless a proper Election is thereafter timely made.

(f) Any Holder may, at any time during the Election Period,
revoke his or her Election by written notice received by the Exchange Agent prior to the Election Deadline or by withdrawal prior to the
Election Deadline of his or her Old Certificates, or of the guarantee of delivery of such Old Certificates, previously deposited with
the Exchange Agent. All Elections shall be automatically deemed revoked upon receipt by the Exchange Agent of written notification from
the parties that this Agreement has been terminated in accordance with the terms hereof.

(g) 
Subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Form of Election, Parent, in the exercise of its reasonable, good faith discretion, shall
have the right to make all determinations, not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, governing the validity of the Forms of
Election and compliance by any Holder with the Election procedures set forth herein.

Section 2.03. 
Parent to Make Consideration Available.
At or prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with a bank or trust company designated by Parent
and reasonably acceptable to Company (the Exchange Agent), for exchange in accordance with this Article 2 for the
benefit of the holders of Old Certificates, (a) evidence in book-entry form representing shares of Parent Common Stock sufficient to deliver
the aggregate Stock Consideration to be issued pursuant to Section 1.05(a), and (b) cash in an amount sufficient to pay (i) the aggregate
Cash Consideration payable pursuant to Section 1.05(a) and (ii) cash in lieu of any fractional shares to be paid pursuant to Section 2.04(e)
(such cash and shares of Parent Common Stock described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), together with any dividends or distributions
with respect thereto payable in accordance with Section 2.04(b), being referred to herein as the Exchange Fund).
The Exchange Agent shall invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund as directed by Parent, provided that such investments shall be
in obligations of or guaranteed by the United States of America and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America
or in commercial paper obligations rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moodys Investors Services, Inc. or Standard &
Poors Corporation, respectively, and provided further that no such investment or losses thereon shall affect the amount of Merger
Consideration payable to the holders of Old Certificates. Any interest and other income resulting from such investments shall be paid
to Parent.

9

Section 2.04. 
Exchange of Shares.

(a) As promptly as practicable after the Effective Time, but
in no event later than five (5) business days thereafter, the Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder
of record of one or more Old Certificates representing shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time that have
been converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive the applicable Merger Consideration pursuant to Article 1 and that has
not theretofore submitted its Old Certificates with a Form of Election, a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall
be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Old Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Old Certificates to the Exchange
Agent) and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Old Certificates in exchange for the Stock Consideration and/or the
Cash Consideration and any cash in lieu of fractional shares which the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Old Certificate
or Old Certificates shall have been converted into the right to receive pursuant to this Agreement, as well as any dividends or distributions
to be paid pursuant to Section 2.04(b) (such materials and instructions to include customary provisions with respect to delivery
of an agents message with respect to book-entry shares). From and after the Effective Time and the completion of
the allocation procedure set forth in Section 2.01, upon proper surrender of an Old Certificate or Old Certificates for exchange
and cancellation to the Exchange Agent (it being understood that no certificates shall be required to be delivered for shares of Company
Common Stock held in book-entry at the Effective Time), together with such properly completed letter of transmittal or Form of Election,
as applicable, duly executed, the holder of such Old Certificate or Old Certificates shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor,
as applicable, (x) (i) that number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock representing the Stock Consideration which such holder has the
right to receive in respect of the surrendered Old Certificate or Old Certificates pursuant to the provisions of Section 1.05(a)
and (ii) a check or other method of cash payment representing the amount of (A) the Cash Consideration which such holder has the right
to receive in respect of the surrendered Old Certificate or Old Certificates pursuant to the provisions of Section 1.05(a), (B) any
cash in lieu of fractional shares which such holder has the right to receive in respect of the surrendered Old Certificate or Old Certificates
pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.04(e) and (C) any dividends or distributions which such holder has the right to receive in
respect of the surrendered Old Certificate or Old Certificates pursuant to Section 2.04(b), and the Old Certificate or Old Certificates
so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. No interest will be paid or accrued on the Stock Consideration, the Cash Consideration or
any cash in lieu of fractional shares or dividends or distributions payable to holders of Old Certificates. Until surrendered as contemplated
by Section 2.02 and this Section 2.04, each Old Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent
only the right to receive, upon surrender, the applicable Merger Consideration and any cash in lieu of fractional shares or in respect
of dividends or distributions as contemplated by this Section 2.04.

(b) 
No dividends or other distributions declared with respect to Parent Common Stock shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Old
Certificate until the holder thereof shall surrender such Old Certificate in accordance with this Article 2. After the surrender of an
Old Certificate in accordance with this Article 2, the record holder thereof shall be entitled to receive any such dividends or other
distributions, without any interest thereon, which theretofore had become payable with respect to the Stock Consideration that the shares
of Company Common Stock represented by such Old Certificate have been converted into the right to receive.

(c) 
If any share of Parent Common Stock is to be issued in a name other than that in which the Old Certificate or Old Certificates surrendered
in exchange therefor is or are registered, it shall be a condition of the issuance thereof that the Old Certificate or Old Certificates
so surrendered shall be properly endorsed (or accompanied by an appropriate instrument of transfer) and otherwise in proper form for
transfer, and that the person requesting such exchange shall pay to the Exchange Agent in advance any transfer or other similar Taxes
required by reason of the issuance of the shares of Parent Common Stock in any name other than that of the registered holder of the Old
Certificate or Old Certificates surrendered, or required for any other reason, or shall establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange
Agent that such Tax has been paid or is not payable.

10

(d) 
After the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of Company of the shares of Company Common Stock that
were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Old Certificates representing such
shares are presented for transfer to the Exchange Agent, they shall be cancelled and exchanged for the applicable Merger Consideration,
cash in lieu of fractional shares and dividends or distributions that the holder presenting such Old Certificates is entitled to in respect
of such Old Certificates, as provided in this Article 2.

(e) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued upon the surrender
for exchange of Old Certificates, no dividend or distribution with respect to Parent Common Stock shall be payable on or with respect
to any fractional share, and such fractional share interests shall not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any other rights of a
shareholder of Parent. In lieu of the issuance of any such fractional share, the Surviving Corporation shall pay to each former holder
of Company Common Stock who otherwise would be entitled to receive such fractional share an amount in cash (rounded to the nearest cent)
determined by multiplying (i) the average of the closing-sale prices of Parent Common Stock on NASDAQ as reported by The Wall
Street Journal for the consecutive period of five (5) full trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding the Closing
Date (or, if not reported therein, in another authoritative source mutually agreed upon by Parent and Company) by (ii) the fraction
of a share (after taking into account all shares of Company Common Stock held by such holder immediately prior to the Effective Time
and rounded to the nearest one-thousandth when expressed in decimal form) of Parent Common Stock which such holder would otherwise be
entitled to receive pursuant to Section 1.05(a). The parties acknowledge that payment of such cash consideration in lieu of issuing
fractional shares is not separately bargained-for consideration, but merely represents a mechanical rounding off for purposes of avoiding
the expense and inconvenience that would otherwise be caused by the issuance of fractional shares.

(f) Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed
by the shareholders of Company for twelve (12) months after the Effective Time shall be paid to the Surviving Corporation. Any former
holders of Company Common Stock who have not theretofore complied with this Article 2 shall thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation
for payment of the applicable Merger Consideration, cash in lieu of any fractional shares and any unpaid dividends and distributions on
the Parent Common Stock deliverable in respect of each former share of Company Common Stock such holder holds as determined pursuant to
this Agreement, in each case, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of Parent, Company, the Surviving Corporation,
the Exchange Agent or any other person shall be liable to any former holder of shares of Company Common Stock for any amount delivered
in good faith to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws. Any amounts remaining unclaimed
by former holders of shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior to the time at which such amounts would otherwise escheat to, or
become property of, any Governmental Entity shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation,
free and clear of any claims or interest of any such holders or their successors, assigns or personal representatives previously entitled
thereto.

11

(g) The Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold, or cause the Exchange Agent to deduct and withhold, from the applicable Merger Consideration, any cash in lieu of fractional
shares of Parent Common Stock, cash dividends or distributions payable pursuant to this Section 2.04 or any other amounts otherwise
payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of Company Common Stock or Company Restricted Stock Awards, such amounts as it is required
to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment or distribution under the Code or any provision of state, local or foreign
Tax law. To the extent that amounts are so deducted or withheld by the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent, as the case may be,
and paid over to the appropriate Governmental Entity, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having
been paid to the holder of Company Common Stock or Company Restricted Stock Awards in respect of which the deduction and withholding was
made by the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent, as the case may be.

(h) 
In the event any Old Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person
claiming such Old Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent, the
posting by such person of a bond in such amount as the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent may determine is reasonably necessary
as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Old Certificate, the Exchange Agent will issue in exchange
for such lost, stolen or destroyed Old Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration, any cash in lieu of fractional shares and any
dividends or distributions deliverable in respect thereof pursuant to this Agreement.

Article
3

Representations and Warranties of Company

Except
(a) as disclosed in the disclosure schedule delivered by Company to Parent concurrently herewith (the Company Disclosure Schedule);
provided, that (i) no such item is required to be set forth as an exception to a representation or warranty if its absence would
not result in the related representation or warranty being deemed untrue or incorrect, (ii) the mere inclusion of an item in the
Company Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by Company that such item
represents a material exception or fact, event or circumstance or that such item would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Company and (iii) any disclosures made with respect to a section of this Article 3 shall be deemed to qualify (1) any other
section of this Article 3 specifically referenced or cross-referenced and (2) other sections of this Article 3 to the extent it is reasonably
apparent on its face (notwithstanding the absence of a specific cross reference) from a reading of the disclosure that such disclosure
applies to such other sections or (b) except with respect to matters that relate to the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.02,
as disclosed in any Company Reports filed by Company since January 1, 2023, and prior to the date hereof (but disregarding risk factor
disclosures contained under the heading Risk Factors, or disclosures of risks set forth in any forward-looking statements
disclaimer or any other statements that are similarly non-specific or cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature), Company and
Company Subsidiary Bank hereby represent and warrant to Parent as follows:

12

Section 3.01. 
Corporate Organization.

(a) 
Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and is
a bank holding company duly registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act). Company
Subsidiary Bank is a nationally chartered banking association duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States
of America. Each of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank has the corporate power and authority to own, lease or operate all of its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. Company is duly licensed or qualified to do business and in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and
assets owned, leased or operated by it makes such licensing, qualification or standing necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed
or qualified or to be in good standing would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Company. As used in this Agreement, the term Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to Parent,
Company or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, any effect, change, event, circumstance, condition, occurrence or development
that, either individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the
business, properties, assets, liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of such party and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole (provided that, with respect to this clause (i), Material Adverse Effect shall not be deemed to include the impact of (A)
changes, after the date hereof, in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) or applicable regulatory
accounting requirements,(B) changes, after the date hereof, in laws, rules or regulations of general applicability to companies in the
industries in which such party and its Subsidiaries operate, or interpretations thereof by courts or Governmental Entities, (C) changes,
after the date hereof, in global, national or regional political conditions (including the outbreak or escalation of war or acts of terrorism)
or in economic or market (including equity, credit and debt markets, as well as changes in interest rates) conditions affecting the financial
services industry generally and not specifically relating to such party or its Subsidiaries, (D) changes, after the date hereof, resulting
from hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados, floods or other natural disasters or from any outbreak of any disease or other public health
event, (E) public disclosure or consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or actions expressly required by this Agreement
or that are taken with the prior written consent of the other party in contemplation of the transactions contemplated hereby (it being
understood and agreed that this clause (E) shall not apply with respect to any representation or warranty that is intended to address
the consequences of the execution, announcement or performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby), or (F) a decline in the trading price of a partys common stock or the failure, in and of itself, to meet earnings projections
or internal financial forecasts, but not, in either case, including any underlying causes thereof; except, with respect to subclause
(A), (B), (C) or (D), to the extent that the effects of such change are materially disproportionately adverse to the business, properties,
assets, liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of such party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to
other companies in the industry in which such party and its Subsidiaries operate) or (ii) the ability of such party to timely consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. As used in this Agreement, the word Subsidiary when used with respect to any
person, means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, bank or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated,
or person of which (x) such first person directly or indirectly owns or controls at least a majority of the securities or other interests
having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or others performing similar functions or (y)
such first person is or directly or indirectly has the power to appoint a general partner, manager or managing member or others performing
similar functions. True and complete copies of the articles of incorporation of Company (the Company Articles),
the bylaws of Company (the Company Bylaws), the articles of incorporation of Company Subsidiary Bank (the Company
Subsidiary Bank Articles) and the bylaws of Company Subsidiary Bank (the Company Subsidiary Bank Bylaws),
in each case as in effect as of the date of this Agreement, have previously been made available by Company to Parent. Company is not
in violation of any of the provisions of the Company Articles or the Company Bylaws.

13

(b) 
Each Subsidiary of Company (a Company Subsidiary) (i) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws
of its jurisdiction of organization, (ii) is duly licensed or qualified to do business and, where such concept is recognized under
applicable law, in good standing in all jurisdictions (whether federal, state, local or foreign) where its ownership, leasing or operation
of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing unless the failure to be so
licensed, qualified or in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Company and (iii) has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease or operate its properties and
assets and to carry on its business as now conducted. There are no restrictions on the ability of Company or any Subsidiary of Company
to pay dividends or distributions except, in the case of Company or a Subsidiary that is a regulated entity, for restrictions on dividends
or distributions generally applicable to all similarly regulated entities. The deposit accounts of Company Subsidiary Bank are insured
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC) through the Deposit Insurance Fund (as defined in Section
3(y) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act of 1950) to the fullest extent permitted by law, all premiums and assessments required to be
paid in connection therewith have been paid when due, and no proceedings for the termination of such insurance are pending or, to the
knowledge of Company, threatened. Section 3.01(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of all
Subsidiaries of Company as of the date hereof. No Subsidiary of Company is in violation of any of the provisions of the articles or certificate
of incorporation or bylaws (or comparable organizational documents) of such Subsidiary of Company. There is no person whose results of
operations, cash flows, changes in shareholders equity or financial position are consolidated in the financial statements of Company
other than the Company Subsidiaries.

Section 3.02. 
Capitalization.

(a) 
The authorized capital stock of Company consists of 10,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock. As of March 31, 2025 (the Capitalization
Date ), there were (i) 5,105,029 shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding, including 91,616 shares of Company
Common Stock granted in respect of time-based Company Restricted Stock Awards, (ii) zero shares of Company Common Stock held in treasury,
(iii) zero shares of Company Common Stock reserved for issuance upon settlement of outstanding purchase rights under the ESPP (determined
by reference to the closing price of a share of Company Common Stock on the Capitalization Date), and (iv) no other shares of capital
stock or other voting securities or equity interests of Company issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. As of the date of this
Agreement, except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, and for changes since the Capitalization Date resulting from the
settlement of any outstanding purchase rights under the ESPP, there are no shares of capital stock or other voting securities or equity
interests of Company issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability attaching
to the ownership thereof. There are no trust preferred or subordinated debt securities of Company or any Company Subsidiary issued or
outstanding. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness that have the right to vote on any matters on which shareholders
of Company may vote. Other than the Company Restricted Stock Awards outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, and shares of Company
Common Stock issuable pursuant to the ESPP, as of the date of this Agreement there are no outstanding subscriptions, equity or equity-based
compensation awards (including options, stock appreciation rights, phantom units or shares, restricted stock, restricted stock units,
performance stock units, performance awards, profit participation rights, or dividend or dividend equivalent rights or similar awards),
warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, preemptive rights, anti-dilutive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights, puts, calls,
commitments or agreements of any character relating to, or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for,
shares of capital stock or other voting or equity securities of or ownership interest in Company, or contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which Company may become bound to issue additional shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting securities
of or ownership interests in Company, or that otherwise obligate Company or any Company Subsidiary to issue, transfer, sell, purchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire, any of the foregoing (collectively, Company Securities). No Company Subsidiary owns
any capital stock of Company. There are no voting trusts, shareholder agreements, proxies or other agreements in effect to which Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is a party with respect to the voting or transfer of Company Common Stock, capital stock or other voting or
equity securities or ownership interests of Company or granting any shareholder or other person any registration rights.

14

(b) 
Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity ownership interests of
each of the Company Subsidiaries, free and clear of any liens, claims, title defects, mortgages, pledges, charges, encumbrances and security
interests whatsoever (Liens), and all of such shares or equity ownership interests are duly authorized and validly
issued and are fully paid, nonassessable (except, with respect to Subsidiaries that are depository institutions, as provided under any
provision of applicable state law comparable to 12 U.S.C. 55) and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability
attaching to the ownership thereof. Other than the shares of capital stock or other equity ownership interests described in the previous
sentence, there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, stock appreciation rights, phantom units, scrip, rights to subscribe
to, preemptive rights, anti-dilutive rights, rights of first refusal or similar rights, puts, calls, commitments or agreements of any
character relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of capital stock or other
voting or equity securities of or ownership interests in any Company Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which any Company Subsidiary may become bound to issue additional shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting securities
or ownership interests in such Company Subsidiary, or otherwise obligating Company or any Company Subsidiary to issue, transfer, sell,
purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing (collectively, Company Subsidiary Securities). The authorized
capital stock of Company Subsidiary Bank consists of 300,000 shares of Company Subsidiary Common Stock of which, as of the date of this
Agreement, 273,237 were issued and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Company Subsidiary Bank is, and as
of immediately prior to the Effective Time will be, owned by Company.

(c) 
Section 3.02(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, for each Company Restricted Stock Award as of the date hereof, the
holder, grant date, number of shares and vesting schedule. Within five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, Company will provide Parent
with a revised version of Section 3.02(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, updated as of the most recent practicable date. Each
Company Restricted Stock Award has been granted in compliance with applicable securities laws or exemptions therefrom and all requirements
set forth in the applicable Company Stock Plan and other applicable contracts.

Section 3.03. 
Authority; No Violation.

(a) 
Each of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject
to receipt of the Requisite Company Vote, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation of the Merger have been duly and validly approved by the Board of Directors of each of Company and Company Subsidiary
Bank, and the consummation of the Company Articles Amendment has been duly and validly approved by the Board of Directors of Company.
The Board of Directors of Company, acting with the approval of not less than eighty percent (80%) of the number of the members of the
Board of Directors of the Company, has determined that the Merger, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, is advisable
and in the best interests of Company and its shareholders, has adopted and approved the Company Articles Amendment and this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby (including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment), and has directed that this Agreement
(including the Plan of Merger) and the Company Articles Amendment be submitted to Companys shareholders for approval at a meeting
of such shareholders and has adopted a resolution to the foregoing effect. The Board of Directors of Company Subsidiary Bank has determined
that the Merger, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, is advisable and in the best interests of Company Subsidiary
Bank and its sole shareholder and has adopted a resolution to the foregoing effect. Company, as Company Subsidiary Banks sole
shareholder, has approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby by written consent. Except for the approval of this
Agreement and the Company Articles Amendment by the affirmative vote of the holders of more than two-thirds of the outstanding shares
of Company Common Stock entitled to vote on this Agreement and on the Company Articles Amendment at a meeting called therefor (the Requisite
Company Vote), no other corporate proceedings on the part of Company or Company Subsidiary Bank are necessary to approve this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment). This Agreement
has been duly and validly executed and delivered by each of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank and (assuming due authorization, execution
and delivery by Parent) constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank, enforceable against
each of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank in accordance with its terms (except in all cases as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws of general applicability affecting the rights of creditors generally
and the availability of equitable remedies (the Enforceability Exceptions)).

15

(b) 
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company or Company Subsidiary Bank nor the consummation by Company or Company
Subsidiary Bank of the transactions contemplated hereby (including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment), nor compliance by
Company or Company Subsidiary Bank with any of the terms or provisions hereof, will (i) violate any provision of the Company Articles,
the Company Bylaws, the Company Subsidiary Bank Articles or the Company Subsidiary Bank Bylaws or the articles or certificate of incorporation
or bylaws (or similar organizational documents) of any other Company Subsidiary or (ii) assuming that the consents and approvals
referred to in Section 3.04 are duly obtained, (x) violate any law, statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order,
writ, decree or injunction applicable to Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets or (y) violate,
conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with
notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of termination or cancellation
under, accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the respective properties or assets
of Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed
of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which
they or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound, except (in the case of clauses (x) and (y) above) for such violations,
conflicts, breaches or defaults that, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Company.

Section 3.04. 
Consents and Approvals. Except for (a) the
filing of any required applications, filings and notices, as applicable, with NASDAQ, (b) the filing of any required applications,
filings and notices, or the seeking of waivers therefrom as applicable, with (i) the FDIC under 12 U.S.C. 1828(c) (the Bank
Merger Act), (ii) the Bureau of Financial Institutions (the BFI) of the VSCC, (iii) the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC) under the National Bank Act, 12 U.S.C. 1 et seq. (the National
Bank Act) or the Change in Bank Control Act, 12 U.S.C. 1817(j) (the Change in Bank Control Act),
and (iv) any state banking, securities or insurance regulatory authorities listed on Section 3.04 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or Section 4.04 of the disclosure schedule delivered by Parent to Company concurrently herewith (the Parent Disclosure
Schedule) and approval of such applications, filings and notices or the receipt of waivers therefrom, (c) the filing by
Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) of a proxy statement in definitive form (including
any amendments or supplements thereto, the Proxy Statement), which shall include an offering circular with respect
to the Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger (the Offering Circular), (d) the filing of the Articles
of Merger with the VSCC pursuant to the VSCA, (e) the filing of articles of amendment with the VSCC pursuant to the VSCA to effect
the Company Articles Amendment, (f) if required by the Hart Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR
Act), the filing of any applications, filings or notices under the HSR Act and compliance with the HSR Act and (g) such
filings and approvals as are required to be made or obtained under the securities or Blue Sky laws of various states in
connection with the issuance of the shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement and the approval of the listing of such Parent
Common Stock on NASDAQ, no consents or approvals of or filings or registrations with any court, administrative agency or commission, or
other governmental or regulatory authority or instrumentality (each, a Governmental Entity) are necessary in connection
with (x) the execution and delivery by Company of this Agreement or (y) the consummation by Company of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, including the Company Articles Amendment. As of the date hereof, to the knowledge of Company, there
is no reason why the necessary regulatory approvals and consents will not be received by Company to permit consummation of the Merger
and the Company Articles Amendment on a timely basis.

16

Section 3.05. 
Reports. Company and each of its Subsidiaries
have timely filed (or furnished) all reports, forms, correspondence, registrations and statements, together with any amendments required
to be made with respect thereto, that they were required to file (or furnish, as applicable) since January 1, 2023 with (i) the OCC
and any applicable state regulatory authority, (ii) the SEC, (iii) the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(the Federal Reserve Board), (iv) the FDIC, (v) any foreign regulatory authority and (vi) any self-regulatory
organization (clauses (i) (vi), collectively, Company Regulatory Agencies), including any report, form, correspondence,
registration or statement required to be filed (or furnished, as applicable) pursuant to the laws, rules or regulations of the United
States, any state, any foreign entity, or any Company Regulatory Agency, and have paid all fees and assessments due and payable in connection
therewith, except where the failure to file (or furnish, as applicable) such report, form, correspondence, registration or statement or
to pay such fees and assessments would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Company. As of their respective dates, such reports, forms, correspondence, registrations and statements, and other filings,
documents and instruments were complete and accurate and complied with all applicable laws, in each case, except as would not reasonably
be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Subject to Section 9.14, except
for normal examinations conducted by a Company Regulatory Agency in the ordinary course of business of Company and its Subsidiaries, no
Company Regulatory Agency has initiated or has pending any proceeding or, to the knowledge of Company, investigation into the business
or operations of Company or any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 2023, except where such proceedings or investigations would not reasonably
be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Subject to Section 9.14, there
(i) is no unresolved violation, criticism, or exception by any Company Regulatory Agency with respect to any report or statement
relating to any examinations or inspections of Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) has been no formal or informal inquiries
by, or disagreements or disputes with, any Company Regulatory Agency with respect to the business, operations, policies or procedures
of Company or any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 2023, in each case, which would reasonably be expected to have, either individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

Section 3.06. 
Financial Statements.

(a) 
The financial statements of Company and its Subsidiaries included (or incorporated by reference) in the Company Reports (including the
related notes, where applicable) (i) have been prepared from, and are in accordance with, the books and records of Company and its
Subsidiaries, (ii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, changes in shareholders
equity and consolidated financial position of Company and its Subsidiaries for the respective fiscal periods or as of the respective
dates therein set forth (subject in the case of unaudited statements to year-end audit adjustments normal in nature and amount), (iii) complied,
as of their respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and with the published
rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, and (iv) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
during the periods involved, except, in each case, as indicated in such statements or in the notes thereto. The books and records of
Company and its Subsidiaries have been, and are being, maintained in all material respects in accordance with GAAP and any other applicable
legal and accounting requirements. Since January 1, 2023, no independent public accounting firm of Company has resigned (or informed
Company that it intends to resign) or been dismissed as independent public accountants of Company as a result of or in connection with
any disagreements with Company on a matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or
procedure.

17

(b) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, neither
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability of any nature whatsoever (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise and
whether due or to become due), except for those liabilities that are reflected or reserved against on the consolidated balance sheet
of Company included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (including any notes thereto) and for
liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since December 31, 2024, or in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

(c) The records, systems, controls, data and information of Company
and its Subsidiaries are recorded, stored, maintained and operated under means (including any electronic, mechanical or photographic process,
whether computerized or not) that are under the exclusive ownership and direct control of Company or its Subsidiaries or accountants (including
all means of access thereto and therefrom), except for any non-exclusive ownership and non-direct control that would not reasonably be
expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Company (x) has implemented and
maintains disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and (f), respectively,
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) to ensure that material information relating
to Company, including its Subsidiaries, is made known to the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of Company by others
within those entities as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures and to make the certifications required
by the Exchange Act and Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), and (y) has
disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation prior to the date hereof, to Companys outside auditors and the audit committee of
Companys Board of Directors (i) any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) which are reasonably likely to materially adversely
affect Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information, and (ii) any fraud that involves management
or senior employees who have a significant role in Companys internal controls over financial reporting. These disclosures were
made in writing by management to Companys auditors and audit committee and true, correct and complete copies of such disclosures
have been made available by Company to Parent. Neither Company nor its independent audit firm has identified any unremediated material
weakness in internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures. Company has no reason to believe that its
outside auditors and its chief executive officer and chief financial officer will not be able to give the certifications and attestations
required pursuant to the rules and regulations adopted pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, without qualification, when
next due.

18

(d) 
Since January 1, 2023, (i) neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of Company, any Representative of
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any material complaint, allegation, assertion
or claim, whether written or oral, regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods (including with
respect to loan loss reserves, write-downs, charge-offs and accruals) of Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective internal
accounting controls, including any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim that Company or any of its Subsidiaries has engaged
in questionable accounting or auditing practices, and (ii) no employee of or attorney representing Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
whether or not employed by Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a material violation of securities laws, breach
of fiduciary duty or similar violation by Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees
or agents to the Board of Directors of Company or any committee thereof or the Board of Directors or similar governing body of any Company
Subsidiary or any committee thereof, or to the knowledge of Company, to any director or officer of Company or any Company Subsidiary.

Section 3.07. 
Brokers Fees. With the exception
of the engagement of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., neither Company nor any Company Subsidiary nor any of their respective officers
or directors on behalf of Company has employed any broker, finder or financial advisor or incurred any liability for any brokers
fees, commissions or finders fees in connection with the Merger or related transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Company
has disclosed to Parent as of the date hereof the aggregate fees provided for in connection with the engagement by Company of Keefe, Bruyette
& Woods, Inc. related to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereunder.

Section 3.08. 
Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

(a) 
Since December 31, 2024, there has not been any effect, change, event, circumstance, condition, occurrence or development that has had
or would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

(b) 
Since December 31, 2024, and until the date of this Agreement, Company and its Subsidiaries have carried on their respective businesses
in all material respects in the ordinary course.

Section 3.09. 
Legal Proceedings.

(a) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, neither
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any, and there are no outstanding or pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened,
legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceedings, claims, actions or governmental or regulatory investigations of any nature against
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their current or former directors or executive officers or challenging the validity or propriety
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

19

(b) 
There is no material injunction, order, judgment, decree, or regulatory restriction imposed upon Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
the assets of Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or that, upon consummation of the Merger, would apply to the Surviving Corporation
or any of its affiliates).

Section 3.10. 
Taxes and Tax Returns.

(a) 
Each of Company and its Subsidiaries has duly and timely filed (including all applicable extensions) all income and other material Tax
Returns in all jurisdictions in which Tax Returns are required to be filed by it, and all such Tax Returns are true, correct, and complete
in all material respects. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is the beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file
any material Tax Return (other than extensions to file Tax Returns obtained in the ordinary course). All material Taxes of Company and
its Subsidiaries (whether or not shown on any Tax Returns) that are due have been fully and timely paid. Each of Company and its Subsidiaries
has withheld and paid all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee,
creditor, shareholder, independent contractor or other third party. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has granted any extension
or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any material Tax that remains in effect. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received written notice of assessment or proposed assessment in connection with any material amount of Taxes, and, to the knowledge
of Company, there are no threatened in writing or pending disputes, claims, audits, examinations or other proceedings regarding any material
Tax of Company and its Subsidiaries or the assets of Company and its Subsidiaries. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
deferred payroll Tax Liability under Section 2302 of the CARES Act, Internal Revenue Service Notice 2020-65 or any similar or analogous
provision of state, local or non-U.S. applicable law or guidance. Company has not entered into any private letter ruling requests, closing
agreements or gain recognition agreements with respect to a material amount of Taxes requested or executed in the last three (3) years.
Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any Tax sharing, allocation or indemnification agreement or
arrangement (other than such an agreement or arrangement exclusively between or among Company and its Subsidiaries or agreements or arrangements
the principal purpose of which is not Taxes). Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (A) has been a member of an affiliated group
filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return for which the statute of limitations is open (other than a group the common parent of
which was Company) or (B) has any liability for the Taxes of any person (other than Company or any of its Subsidiaries) under Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise.
Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been, within the past two (2) years or otherwise as part of a plan (or series
of related transactions) within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code of which the Merger is also a part, a distributing
corporation or a controlled corporation (within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) in a distribution
of stock intending to qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has participated
in a listed transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b). Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
will be required to include any material item of income in, or exclude any material item of deduction from, taxable income for any taxable
period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of any: (i) installment sale or open transaction disposition
made prior to the Closing; (ii) prepaid amount or deferred revenue received prior to the Closing outside the ordinary course of
business; or (iii) intercompany transaction or excess loss account described in the Treasury Regulations under Section 1502 (or
any corresponding or similar provision of state or local applicable Laws) occurring or existing prior to the Closing. Neither Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required to make any payment after the Closing Date as a result of an election under Section 965(h)
of the Code.

20

(b) As used in this Agreement, the term Tax
or Taxes means all federal, state, local, and foreign income, excise, gross receipts, ad valorem, profits, gains,
property, capital, sales, transfer, use, license, payroll, employment, social security, severance, unemployment, withholding, duties,
excise, windfall profits, intangibles, franchise, backup withholding, value added, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated and other
taxes, charges, levies or like assessments, in each case, in the nature of a tax and imposed by a Governmental Entity with jurisdiction
over taxes, together with all penalties and additions to tax and interest thereon.

(c) As used in this Agreement, the term Tax Return
means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement relating to Taxes, including any schedule
or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof, supplied or required to be supplied to a Governmental Entity.

Section 3.11. 
Employees.

(a) Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a true and complete list of all material Company Benefit Plans. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Company Benefit
Plans means an Employee Benefit Plan to which Company, any Company Subsidiary or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates (as
defined below) is a party or has any current or future obligation or that is maintained, contributed to or sponsored by Company, any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates for the benefit of any current or former employee, officer, director or independent
contractor of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates, or for which Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any
of their ERISA Affiliates has any direct or indirect liability, excluding, in each case, any multiemployer plan within the
meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA (a Multiemployer Plan). For purposes of this Agreement, the term Employee
Benefit Plan means any (i) employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (ERISA)), whether or not subject to ERISA,
and (ii) equity or equity-based compensation, bonus, profit sharing, incentive, deferred compensation, severance, post-employment
or retiree benefits, life insurance, supplemental retirement, termination, change in control, retention, compensation, employment, consulting,
retirement or similar plan, agreement, arrangement, program or policy, insurance (including any self-insured arrangement), health and
welfare, disability or sick leave benefits, vacation benefit, relocation or expatriate benefits, perquisite or other benefit plans, programs,
agreements, contracts, policies or arrangements, in each case whether or not written. For purposes of this Agreement, the term ERISA
Affiliate means with respect to an entity, any other entity, trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that together
with such first entity would be deemed a single employer within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA.

21

(b) 
Company has heretofore made available to Parent true and complete copies of each material Company Benefit Plan and the following related
documents, to the extent applicable, (i) all summary plan descriptions, material amendments, material modifications or material supplements,
(ii) all trust agreements or annuity contracts and any amendments thereto, (iii) the annual report (Form 5500) and accompanying schedules
and attachments thereto filed with the U.S. Department of Labor (the DOL) for the last two (2) plan years, (iv)
the most recently received U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) determination, opinion, or notification letter, (v) the
most recently prepared actuarial report and financial statements for each of the last two (2) years, (vi) copies of the most recent nondiscrimination
tests, and (vii) copies of all material correspondence with any governmental agency within the last six (6) years, including but not
limited to any investigation materials, any Top Hat filings and any filings under amnesty, voluntary compliance or similar
programs.

(c) None of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
ERISA Affiliates has any plan or commitment to establish, adopt or enter into any new Employee Benefit Plan or to modify or amend any
Company Benefit Plan (except to the extent required by law or as required by this Agreement).

(d) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, each Company Benefit Plan has been established, operated and administered
in accordance with its terms and the requirements of all applicable laws, including ERISA and the Code. Except as would not reasonably
be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has taken any action to take corrective action or make a filing under any voluntary correction program of the IRS, DOL or any other Governmental
Entity with respect to any Company Benefit Plan, and neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any knowledge of any plan defect
that would qualify for correction under any such program.

(e) 
Section 3.11(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule identifies each Company Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a)
of the Code (the Company Qualified Plans). The IRS has, if applicable, issued a favorable determination, opinion,
or notification letter with respect to each Company Qualified Plan and the related trust, which letter has not expired or been revoked
(nor has revocation been threatened), and, to the knowledge of Company, there are no existing circumstances and no events have occurred
that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the qualified status of any Company Qualified Plan or the related trust. Each trust
created under any Company Qualified Plan is exempt from Tax under Section 501(a) of the Code and has been so exempt since its creation.

(f) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, with
respect to each Company Benefit Plan that is subject to Section 302 or Title IV of ERISA or Section 412, 430 or 4971 of
the Code: (i) the minimum funding standard under Section 302 of ERISA and Sections 412 and 430 of the Code has been satisfied
and no waiver of any minimum funding standard or any extension of any amortization period has been requested or granted, (ii) no
such plan is in at-risk status for purposes of Section 430 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, (iii) the present
value of accrued benefits under such Company Benefit Plan, based upon the actuarial assumptions used for funding purposes in the most
recent actuarial report prepared by such Company Benefit Plans actuary with respect to such Company Benefit Plan, did not, as
of its latest valuation date, exceed the then current fair market value of the assets of such Company Benefit Plan allocable to such
accrued benefits, (iv) no reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043(c) of ERISA for which the 30-day notice requirement
has not been waived has occurred, (v) all premiums to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (the PBGC) have
been timely paid in full, (vi) no liability (other than for premiums to the PBGC) under Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected
to be incurred by Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, and (vii) the PBGC has not instituted
proceedings to terminate any such Company Benefit Plan.

22

(g) 
None of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates (nor any predecessor of any such entity) has, at
any time during the last six (6) years, contributed to or been obligated to contribute to a Multiemployer Plan or a plan that has two
(2) or more contributing sponsors at least two (2) of whom are not under common control, within the meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA
(a Multiple Employer Plan), and none of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates
has incurred any liability to a Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal (as those
terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA) from a Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan.

(h) 
All group health plans, as defined in Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code, covering employees of Company or any of its Subsidiaries
have been maintained in timely compliance with the notice and healthcare continuation coverage requirements of Section 4980B of the Code.
Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries sponsors, has sponsored or has any current or projected obligation or liability with respect
to any employee benefit plan that provides for any post-employment or post-retirement health, medical or life insurance or other welfare
benefits for retired, former or current employees, directors, individual independent contractors or beneficiaries or dependents thereof,
except as required by Section 4980B of the Code or similar applicable state or local law.

(i) 
Each Company Benefit Plan that is a health or welfare plan has terms that are in compliance with and has been administered in accordance
with the requirements of the Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, and all reporting required under Sections 6055 and 6056 of the
Code has been completed. Each of Company and its Subsidiaries has complied in all respects with the requirements of Section 4980H of
the Code so as to avoid the imposition of any taxes or assessable payments thereunder.

(j) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, all
contributions required to be made to any Company Benefit Plan by applicable law or by any plan document or other contractual undertaking,
and all premiums due or payable with respect to insurance policies funding any Company Benefit Plan, for any period through the date
hereof, have been timely made or paid in full or, to the extent not required to be made or paid on or before the date hereof, have been
fully reflected on the books and records of Company.

23

(k) 
There are no pending or threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in the ordinary course), actions, suits, audits, lawsuits or
arbitrations which have been asserted or instituted, and, to the knowledge of Company, no set of circumstances exists which may reasonably
give rise to a claim, action, suit, audit, lawsuit or arbitration against the Company Benefit Plans or any fiduciaries thereof with respect
to their duties to the Company Benefit Plans or the assets of any of the trusts under any of the Company Benefit Plans that would reasonably
be expected to result in any material liability of Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the PBGC, the IRS, the DOL, any Multiemployer
Plan, a Multiple Employer Plan, any participant in a Company Benefit Plan, or any other party.

(l) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, none
of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates nor any other person, including any fiduciary, has engaged
in any prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) which would reasonably
be expected to subject any of the Company Benefit Plans or their related trusts, Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any of their respective
ERISA Affiliates or any person that Company or any of its Subsidiaries has an obligation to indemnify to any material Tax, penalty or
other liability imposed under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502 of ERISA.

(m) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, each
Company Benefit Plan, and any award thereunder, that is or forms part of a nonqualified deferred compensation plan within
the meaning of Section 409A of the Code has been timely amended (if applicable) to comply and has been operated in compliance with, and
Company and its Subsidiaries have complied in practice and operation with, all applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code.

(n) 
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (either alone
or in conjunction with any other event) (i) result in, cause the vesting, exercisability or delivery of, or increase in the amount
or value of, any payment, right or other benefit to any current or former employee, officer, director, or other service provider of Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) accelerate the time of payment or vesting or trigger any payment or funding (through a grantor
trust or otherwise) of compensation or benefits under any Company Benefit Plan, or (iii) result in any limitation on the right of
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to amend, merge, terminate or receive a reversion of assets from any Company Benefit Plan or related
trust.

(o) 
The transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not cause or require Company or any of its affiliates to establish or make any contribution
to a rabbi trust or similar funding vehicle.

(p) 
No Company Benefit Plan, individually or collectively, would reasonably be expected to result in the payment of any amount that would
not be deductible under Section 280G of the Code and neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any obligation to gross-up or reimburse
any current or former employee, director or individual independent contractor for any Taxes under Section 409A or 4999 of the Code, or
otherwise.

24

(q) 
Section 3.11(q) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete list of the following information for each employee of
Company and any of its Subsidiaries as of the date hereof: (i) name; (ii) employing entity; (iii) job title; (iv) location; (v) date
of hire; (vi) annual rate of base or hourly compensation; (vii) exempt status; (viii) target annual incentive compensation opportunity;
(ix) vacation and other paid time off accrual; (x) years of service credit (recognizing any cumulative service); (xi) whether the employee
is employed at-will or, if not, the notice period required to terminate the employment relationship without cause; and (xii) status (active
or on leave) and, if on leave, the reason for and period of the leave (including anticipated return to work date).

(r) Section 3.11(r) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
sets forth a complete list of the following information for each independent contractor or consultant of Company and any of its Subsidiaries
as of the date hereof: (i) name, (ii) contact information, (iii) description of the services performed, (iv) fee, (v) consulting term,
(vi) whether engaged as an individual or through an entity, and if through an entity, the name of the entity so engaged, and (vii) the
effective and, if applicable, expiration dates of any contract with such independent contractor or consultant.

(s) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, there are no pending or, to Companys knowledge, threatened
labor grievances or unfair labor practice claims or charges against Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any strikes, or other labor
disputes against Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is party to or bound by any collective
bargaining or similar agreement with any labor organization or employee association (a Collective Bargaining Agreement),
or work rules or practices agreed to with any labor organization or employee association applicable to service provider of Company or
any of its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of Company, there are no organizing efforts by any union or other group seeking to represent
any employees of Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(t) 
Company and its Subsidiaries are, and have been since January 1, 2023, in compliance with all applicable laws relating to labor and employment,
including those relating to labor management relations, wages, hours, paid time off, overtime, employee classification, discrimination,
harassment, retaliation, civil rights, affirmative action, work authorization, immigration, safety and health, information privacy and
security, workers compensation, continuation coverage under group health plans, wage payment and the related payment and withholding
of Taxes, except for failures to comply that have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action that would reasonably
be expected to cause Parent or any of its affiliates to have any material liability or other obligations following the Closing Date under
the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or any comparable state or local law.

(u) 
There are no proceedings, claims or actions, or to the knowledge of Company, inquiries, audits, examinations or investigations pending
or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened between Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any current or former employee or independent
contractor thereof, or any applicant for employment.

25

(v) 
To the knowledge of Company and to the extent it is permitted by law to ascertain, all employees of Company and its Subsidiaries are
legally entitled to work in the United States under the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, as amended, other United States immigration
laws and the laws related to the employment of non-United States citizens applicable in the state in which the employees are employed.
Each of Company or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, has completed a Form I-9 for each employee for which one is required by applicable
law and each such Form I-9 has since been updated as required by applicable law and is correct and complete in all material respects
as of the date hereof.

(w) 
To the knowledge of Company, (x) no current or former employee or independent contractor of Company is presently in violation of
their continuing contractual, statutory, or fiduciary obligations to Company, and no employee or independent contractor of Company is
in breach of any such obligation owed by such individual to any third party (including any former employer), and (y) no employee
or independent contractor of Company is a party to, or is otherwise presently bound by, any contract, including any confidentiality,
noncompetition or proprietary rights contract, with any other person that adversely affects or could reasonably be expected to adversely
affect (i) the performance of his or her duties to Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) his or her ability to assign to Company rights
to any invention, improvement, discovery or information belonging to Company, or (iii) the ability of Company to conduct its business
as currently conducted.

Section 3.12. 
SEC Reports. Company has previously made
available to Parent an accurate and complete copy of each (a) final registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule and definitive
proxy statement filed with or furnished to the SEC since January 1, 2023 by Company pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act (the Company Reports) and (b) communication mailed
by Company to its shareholders since January 1, 2023 and prior to the date hereof, and no such Company Report or communication, as of
the date thereof (and, in the case of registration statements and proxy statements, on the dates of effectiveness and the dates of the
relevant meetings, respectively), contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading,
except that information filed or furnished as of a later date (but before the date of this Agreement) shall be deemed to modify information
as of an earlier date. Since January 1, 2023, as of their respective dates, all Company Reports filed or furnished under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act complied in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. No
executive officer of Company has failed in any respect to make the certifications required of him or her under Section 302 or 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding comments from or unresolved issues raised by the SEC with
respect to any of the Company Reports.

Section 3.13. 
Compliance with Applicable Law.

(a) Company and each of its Subsidiaries hold, and have at all
times since January 1, 2023, held, all licenses, registrations, franchises, certificates, variances, permits, charters and authorizations
necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses and ownership of their respective properties, rights and assets under
and pursuant to each (and have paid all fees and assessments due and payable in connection therewith), except where neither the failure
to hold nor the cost of obtaining and holding such license, registration, franchise, certificate, variance, permit, charter or authorization
(nor the failure to pay any fees or assessments) would, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Company, and to the knowledge of Company, no suspension or cancellation of any such necessary license, registration,
franchise, certificate, variance, permit, charter or authorization is threatened. Company has not elected to be treated as a financial
holding company under the BHC Act and Company and each of its Subsidiaries other than Company Subsidiary Bank are engaged solely in activities
permissible under section 4 of the BHC Act (12 U.S.C. 1843) for a bank holding company that has not elected to be treated as a
financial holding company.

26

(b) 
Except as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company, Company
and each of its Subsidiaries have complied with and are not in default or violation under any applicable law, statute, order, rule, regulation,
policy and/or guideline of any Governmental Entity relating to Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including all laws related to data
protection or privacy (including laws relating to the privacy and security of data or information that constitutes personal data or personal
information under applicable law (Personal Data)), the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity
Act and Regulation B, the Fair Housing Act, the Community Reinvestment Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act and
Regulation Z, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, any regulations promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Interagency
Policy Statement on Retail Sales of Nondeposit Investment Products, the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008, the Real Estate Settlement
Procedures Act and Regulation X, Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and any other law, policy or guideline relating to bank secrecy,
discriminatory lending, financing or leasing practices, consumer protection, Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act (the CARES Act) and all agency requirements relating
to the origination, sale and servicing of mortgage and consumer loans.

(c) 
Company Subsidiary Bank has a Community Reinvestment Act rating of satisfactory or better.

(d) 
Company maintains a written information privacy and security program that includes reasonable measures to protect the privacy, confidentiality
and security of all Personal Data owned, controlled or processed by Company and its Subsidiaries against any (i) loss or misuse
of such Personal Data, (ii) unauthorized or unlawful operations performed upon such Personal Data, or (iii) other act or omission
that compromises the security or confidentiality of such Personal Data. Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company, to the knowledge of Company, since January 1, 2023, no third party
has gained unauthorized access to any information technology networks or Personal Data controlled by Company and its Subsidiaries.

(e) 
As of the date hereof, each of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank is well-capitalized (as such term is defined in the
relevant regulation of the institutions primary bank regulator) and, as of the date hereof, neither Company nor Company Subsidiary
Bank has received any indication from a Governmental Entity that its status as well-capitalized or that the Community Reinvestment
Act rating of Company Subsidiary Bank will be downgraded within one (1) year from the date of this Agreement.

27

Section 3.14. 
Certain Contracts.

(a) 
Except as set forth on Section 3.14(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, neither Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding (whether written or oral), but excluding
any Company Benefit Plan: (i) which is a material contract (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation
S-K of the SEC); (ii) which contains a provision that limits (or purports to limit) in any material respect the ability of Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (or after the Merger, the ability of the Surviving Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries) to engage or compete
in any business (including geographic restrictions and exclusive or preferential arrangements); (iii) with or to a labor union or
guild (including any Collective Bargaining Agreement); (iv) which (other than extensions of credit, other customary banking products
offered by Company or its Subsidiaries, or derivatives issued or entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice) creates future payment obligations in excess of $250,000 annually and that by its terms does not terminate or is not terminable
without penalty upon notice of 60 days or less; (v) that grants any material right of first refusal, right of first offer or similar
right with respect to any material assets, rights or properties of Company or its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (vi) which is a
merger agreement, asset purchase agreement, stock purchase agreement, deposit assumption agreement, loss sharing agreement or other commitment
to a Company Regulatory Agency in connection with the acquisition of a depository institution, or similar agreement that has indemnification,
earnout or other obligations that continue in effect after the date of this Agreement that are material to Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole; (vii) that provides for contractual indemnification to any director, officer or employee; (viii) (A) that
relates to the incurrence of indebtedness by Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including any sale and leaseback transactions, capitalized
leases and other similar financing arrangements (other than deposit liabilities, trade payables, federal funds purchased, advances and
loans from the Federal Home Loan Bank and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, in each case incurred in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice), or (B) that provides for the guarantee, credit support, indemnification, assumption or endorsement
by Company or any of its Subsidiaries of, or any similar commitment by Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to, the obligations,
liabilities or indebtedness of any other person, in the case of each of clauses (A) and (B), in the principal amount of $250,000
or more; (ix) that creates or relates to any partnership, joint venture or other similar arrangement; (x) with any record or beneficial
owner of five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock; or (xi) which is a settlement, consent or
similar agreement and contains any material continuing obligations of Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Each contract, arrangement,
commitment or understanding of the type described in this Section 3.14(a) (excluding any Company Benefit Plan), whether or not set
forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, is referred to herein as a Company Contract. Company has made available
to Parent true, correct and complete copies of each Company Contract in effect as of the date hereof.

28

(b) 
(i) Each Company Contract is valid and binding on Company or one of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, and in full force and effect,
except as, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company, (ii) Company
and each of its Subsidiaries have complied with and performed all obligations required to be complied with or performed by any of them
to date under each Company Contract, except where such noncompliance or nonperformance, either individually or in the aggregate, would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company, (iii) to the knowledge of Company, each third-party counterparty
to each Company Contract has complied with and performed all obligations required to be complied with and performed by it to date under
such Company Contract, except where such noncompliance or nonperformance, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company, (iv) neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has knowledge of, or
has received notice of, any violation of any Company Contract by any of the other parties thereto which would reasonably be expected
to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company and (v) no event or condition exists which
constitutes or, after notice or lapse of time or both, will constitute, a breach or default on the part of Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
or to the knowledge of Company, any other party thereto, of or under any such Company Contract, except where such breach or default,
either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

Section 3.15. 
Company Supervisory Actions. Subject to
Section 9.14, neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any cease-and-desist or other order or enforcement action
issued by, or is a party to any written agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or is a party to any commitment
letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject to any order, directive or other supervisory action by, or has been ordered to pay any
civil money penalty by, or has been since January 1, 2023, a recipient of any supervisory letter from, or since January 1, 2023, has adopted
any policies, procedures or board resolutions at the request or suggestion of, any Company Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity
that currently restricts in any material respect or would reasonably be expected to restrict in any material respect the conduct of its
business or that in any material manner relates to its capital adequacy, its ability to pay dividends, its credit or risk management policies
or practices, its management or its business (each, whether or not set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, a Company Supervisory
Action), nor has Company or any of its Subsidiaries been advised since January 1, 2023, of any Company Supervisory Action by
any Company Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity that it is considering issuing, initiating, ordering or requesting any such
Company Supervisory Action.

Section 3.16. 
Risk Management Instruments. Except as
would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, all interest
rate swaps, caps, floors, option agreements, futures and forward contracts and other similar derivative transactions and risk management
arrangements, whether entered into for the account of Company or any of its Subsidiaries or for the account of a customer of Company or
one of its Subsidiaries, were entered into in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with applicable rules, regulations and
policies of any Company Regulatory Agency and with counterparties reasonably believed to be financially responsible at the time and are
legal, valid and binding obligations of Company or one of its Subsidiaries enforceable in accordance with their terms (except as may be
limited by the Enforceability Exceptions), and are in full force and effect. Company and each of its Subsidiaries have duly performed
in all material respects all of their material obligations thereunder to the extent that such obligations to perform have accrued, and,
to Companys knowledge, there are no material breaches, violations or defaults or allegations or assertions of such by any party
thereto.

29

Section 3.17. 
Environmental Matters. Except as would
not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, Company and its Subsidiaries
are in compliance, and have complied since January 1, 2023, with all federal, state or local law, regulation, order, decree, permit, authorization,
common law or agency requirement relating to: (a) the protection or restoration of the environment, health and safety as it relates
to hazardous substance exposure or natural resource damages, (b) the handling, use, presence, disposal, release or threatened release
of, or exposure to, any hazardous substance, or (c) noise, odor, wetlands, indoor air, pollution, contamination or any injury to
persons or property from exposure to any hazardous substance (collectively, Environmental Laws). There are no legal,
administrative, arbitral or other proceedings, claims or actions or, to the knowledge of Company, any private environmental investigations
or remediation activities or governmental investigations of any nature seeking to impose, or that could reasonably be expected to result
in the imposition, on Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any liability or obligation arising under any Environmental Law pending or
threatened against Company, which liability or obligation would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect on Company. To the knowledge of Company, there is no reasonable basis for any such proceeding, claim, action
or governmental investigation that would impose any liability or obligation that would reasonably be expected to have, either individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Company is not subject to any agreement, order, judgment, decree, letter agreement
or memorandum of agreement by or with any court, Governmental Entity, Company Regulatory Agency or other third party imposing any liability
or obligation with respect to the foregoing that would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Company.

Section 3.18. 
Investment Securities and Commodities.

(a) 
Each of Company and its Subsidiaries has good title to all securities and commodities owned by it (except those sold under repurchase
agreements) that are material to Company on a consolidated basis, free and clear of any Lien, except to the extent such securities or
commodities are pledged in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice to secure obligations of Company or its Subsidiaries.
Such securities and commodities are valued on the books of Company in accordance with GAAP in all material respects.

(b) 
Company and its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses, to the extent applicable, employ investment, securities, commodities, risk
management and other policies, practices and procedures that Company believes are prudent and reasonable in the context of such businesses.
Prior to the date of this Agreement, Company has made available to Parent the material terms of such policies, practices and procedures.

Section 3.19. 
Real Property. Except as would not reasonably
be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, Company or a Company Subsidiary
(a) has good and marketable title to all the real property reflected in the latest audited balance sheet included in the Company
Reports as being owned by Company or a Company Subsidiary or acquired after the date thereof (except properties sold or otherwise disposed
of since the date thereof in the ordinary course of business) (the Company Owned Properties), free and clear of all
Liens, except (i) statutory Liens securing payments not yet due, (ii) Liens for real property Taxes not yet due and payable,
(iii) easements, rights of way, and other similar encumbrances that do not materially affect the value or use of the properties or
assets subject thereto or affected thereby or otherwise materially impair business operations at such properties and (iv) such imperfections
or irregularities of title or Liens as do not materially affect the value or use of the properties or assets subject thereto or affected
thereby or otherwise materially impair business operations at such properties or the free transferability of such properties (collectively,
Permitted Encumbrances), and (b) is the lessee of all leasehold estates reflected in the latest audited financial
statements included in such Company Reports or acquired after the date thereof which are material to Companys business (except
for leases that have expired by their terms since the date thereof) (such leasehold estates, collectively with the Company Owned Properties,
the Company Real Property), free and clear of all Liens, except for Permitted Encumbrances, and is in possession
of the properties purported to be leased thereunder, and each such lease is valid without default thereunder by the lessee or, to the
knowledge of Company, the lessor. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened condemnation proceedings against the
Company Real Property.

30

Section 3.20. 
Intellectual Property.

(a) Section 3.20(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a true and complete list of all registrations and applications for registration of any and all registered Intellectual Property
owned (or purported to be owned) by Company and each of its Subsidiaries as of the date hereof. Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns,
or is licensed to use (in each case, free and clear of any material Liens), all Intellectual Property used, held for use in or otherwise
necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted.

(b) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company: (i) to
the knowledge of Company, the use of any Intellectual Property by Company and its Subsidiaries does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise
violate the rights of any person and is in accordance with any applicable license pursuant to which Company or any Company Subsidiary
acquired the right to use any Intellectual Property, (ii) to the knowledge of Company, no person has asserted in writing to
Company that Company or any of its Subsidiaries has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated the Intellectual Property rights
of such person, (iii) to the knowledge of Company, no person is challenging, infringing on or otherwise violating any right of Company
or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any Intellectual Property owned by and/or licensed to Company or its Subsidiaries and (iv) neither
Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written notice of any pending claim with respect to any Intellectual Property owned
by Company or any Company Subsidiary, and Company and its Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable actions to avoid the abandonment,
cancellation or unenforceability of all Intellectual Property owned or licensed, respectively, by Company and its Subsidiaries and to
maintain, enforce and protect the confidentiality of all Intellectual Property owned or licensed, respectively, by Company and its Subsidiaries
the value of which is contingent upon maintaining the confidentiality thereof.

(c) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, to
the knowledge of Company, none of the software owned or distributed by Company or any of its Subsidiaries contains any software code
that is licensed under any terms or conditions that require that any software containing such code be (i) made available or distributed
in source code form, (ii) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works, (iii) licensed under terms that allow reverse engineering,
reverse assembly or disassembly of any kind or (iv) redistributable at no charge.

31

(d) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, the
IT Assets of Company operate and perform in a manner that permits Company and its Subsidiaries to conduct their business as currently
conducted.

(e) 
For purposes of this Agreement, (i) Intellectual Property means trademarks, service marks, brand names, internet
domain names, logos, symbols, certification marks, trade dress and other indications of origin, the goodwill associated with the foregoing
and registrations in any jurisdiction of, and applications in any jurisdiction to register, the foregoing, including any extension, modification
or renewal of any such registration or application; inventions, discoveries and ideas, whether patentable or not, in any jurisdiction;
patents, applications for patents (including divisions, continuations, continuations in part and renewal applications), all improvements
thereto, and any and all renewals, extensions or reissues thereof, in any jurisdiction; nonpublic information, trade secrets and know-how,
including processes, technologies, protocols, formulae, prototypes and confidential information and rights in any jurisdiction to limit
the use or disclosure thereof by any person; writings and other works, whether copyrightable or not and whether in published or unpublished
works, in any jurisdiction; and registrations or applications for registration of copyrights in any jurisdiction, and any and all renewals
or extensions thereof; and any and all similar intellectual property or proprietary rights throughout the world and (ii) IT
Assets of any person means computers, software, firmware, middleware, servers, workstations, routers, hubs, switches, data
communications lines and all other information technology equipment, including all documentation related to the foregoing, owned by,
or licensed or leased to, such person or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section 3.21. 
Customer Relationships.

(a) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, each
trust or wealth management customer of Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been originated and serviced (i) in conformity with
the applicable policies of Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii) in accordance with the terms of any applicable contract governing
the relationship with such customer, (iii) in accordance with the applicable policies of Company and its Subsidiaries regarding
instructions received from such customers and their authorized representatives and authorized signers, (iv) consistent with each
customers risk profile in effect at such time and (v) in compliance with all applicable laws and Companys and its
Subsidiaries constituent documents, including any policies and procedures adopted thereunder and in effect at such time. Each
contract governing a relationship with a trust or wealth management customer of Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by Company and each Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of Company, the other contracting parties, each such
contract constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the parties thereto, except as such enforceability may be limited by the Enforceability
Exceptions, and Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of Company, the other contracting parties thereto, have duly performed
in all material respects their obligations thereunder, and Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of Company, such other
contracting parties are in material compliance with each of the terms thereof.

32

(b) 
Since January 1, 2023, none of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers or employees has committed
any material breach of trust or fiduciary duty with respect to any of the accounts maintained on behalf of any trust or wealth management
customer of Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Since January 1, 2023, none of Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been, and none
are currently, engaged in any material dispute with, or subject to material claims by, any such trust or wealth management customer for
breach of fiduciary duty or otherwise in connection with any such account.

Section 3.22. 
Related Party Transactions. There are no
transactions or series of related transactions, agreements, arrangements or understandings, nor are there any currently proposed transactions
or series of related transactions (including any transactions entered into or to be entered into in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby), between Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any current or former director or executive officer
(as defined in Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act) of Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any person who beneficially owns (as defined
in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding Company Common Stock (or any of such persons
immediate family members or affiliates) (other than Subsidiaries of Company) on the other hand, of the type required to be reported in
any Company Report pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act that have not been so reported.

Section 3.23. 
State Takeover Laws. The Board of Directors
of Company has approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and has taken all such other necessary actions as required
to render inapplicable to such agreements and transactions the provisions of any potentially applicable takeover laws of any state, including
any moratorium, control share, fair price, takeover or interested shareholder
law or any similar provisions of the Company Articles and the Company Bylaws (collectively, with any similar provisions of the Parent
Articles or the Parent Bylaws, Takeover Statutes). In accordance with Section 13.1-730 of the VSCA, no appraisal
or dissenters rights will be available to the holders of Company Common Stock in connection with the Merger.

Section 3.24. 
Reorganization. Company has not taken any
action (or failed to take any action) and is not aware of any fact or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to prevent or impede
the Company Merger from qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment.

Section 3.25. 
Opinion. Prior to the execution of this
Agreement, the board of directors of Company has received an opinion (which if initially rendered orally, has been or will be confirmed
in a written opinion of the same date) from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. to the effect that as of the date thereof and based upon
and subject to the matters set forth therein, the Merger Consideration (as defined in such opinion) is fair from a financial point of
view to the holders of Company Common Stock. Such opinion has not been amended or rescinded as of the date of this Agreement.

33

Section 3.26. 
Company Information. The information relating
to Company and its Subsidiaries or that is provided by Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective Representatives for inclusion in
the Proxy Statement and the Offering Circular, or in any other document filed with any Company Regulatory Agency or Governmental Entity
in connection herewith, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. The portion of the Proxy Statement relating
to Company and its Subsidiaries will comply in all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder. The portion of the Offering Circular relating to Company or any of its Subsidiaries will comply in all material respects with
the provisions of 12 C.F.R. Part 335.

Section 3.27. 
Loan Portfolio.

(a) 
As of the date hereof, neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any written or oral (i) loan, loan agreement, note
or borrowing arrangement (including leases, credit enhancements, commitments, guarantees and interest-bearing assets) (collectively,
Loans) in which Company or any Subsidiary of Company is a creditor and under the terms of which the obligor was,
as of December 31, 2024 over ninety (90) days or more delinquent in payment of principal or interest, or (ii) Loans with any director,
executive officer or five percent (5%) or greater shareholder of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to the knowledge of Company,
any affiliate of any of the foregoing. Set forth in Section 3.27(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is a true, correct and complete
list of (A) all of the Loans of Company and its Subsidiaries that, as of December 31, 2024, were classified by Company as Other
Loans Specially Mentioned, Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, Loss,
Classified, Criticized, Credit Risk Assets, Concerned Loans, Watch List
or words of similar import, together with the principal amount of and accrued and unpaid interest on each such Loan and the identity
of the borrower thereunder, together with the aggregate principal amount of and accrued and unpaid interest on such Loans, by category
of Loan (e.g., commercial, consumer, etc.), together with the aggregate principal amount of such Loans by category and (B) each
asset of Company or any of its Subsidiaries that, as of December 31, 2024, is classified as Other Real Estate Owned and
the book value thereof.

(b) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, each
Loan of Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) is evidenced by notes, agreements or other evidences of indebtedness that are true,
genuine and what they purport to be, (ii) to the extent carried on the books and records of Company and its Subsidiaries as secured
Loans, has been secured by valid charges, mortgages, pledges, security interests, restrictions, claims, liens or encumbrances, as applicable,
which have been perfected and (iii) is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the obligor named therein, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.

(c) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, each
outstanding Loan of Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including Loans held for resale to investors) was solicited and originated, and
is and has been administered and, where applicable, serviced, and the relevant Loan files are being maintained, in accordance with the
relevant notes or other credit or security documents, the written underwriting standards of Company and its Subsidiaries (and, in the
case of Loans held for resale to investors, the underwriting standards, if any, of the applicable investors), including the policy set
forth on Section 3.27(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and with all applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations
and rules.

34

(d) 
None of the agreements pursuant to which Company or any of its Subsidiaries has sold Loans or pools of Loans or participations in Loans
or pools of Loans contain any obligation to repurchase such Loans or interests therein solely on account of a payment default by the
obligor on any such Loan.

(e) 
There are no outstanding Loans made by Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any executive officer or other insider
(as each such term is defined in Regulation O promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board) of Company or its Subsidiaries, other than Loans
that are subject to and that were made and continue to be in compliance with Regulation O or that are exempt therefrom.

(f) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have,
either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is now nor
has it ever been since January 1, 2023 subject to any fine, suspension, settlement or other contract or other administrative agreement
or sanction by, or any reduction in any loan purchase commitment from, any Governmental Entity or Company Regulatory Agency relating to
the origination, sale or servicing of mortgage or consumer Loans.

(g) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, as
to each Loan that is secured, whether in whole or in part, by a guaranty of the United States Small Business Administration or any other
Governmental Entity, such guaranty is in full force and effect, and to Companys knowledge, will remain in full force and effect
following the Effective Time, in each case, without any further action by Company or any of its Subsidiaries, subject to the fulfillment
of their obligations under the agreement with the Small Business Administration or other Governmental Entity that arise after the date
hereof and assuming that any applicable applications, filings, notices, consents and approvals contemplated in Section 3.04 and
Section 4.04 have been made or obtained.

Section 3.28. 
Insurance. Except as would not reasonably
be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company, (a) Company and its Subsidiaries are
insured with reputable insurers against such risks and in such amounts as the management of Company reasonably has determined to be prudent
and consistent with industry practice, and Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with their insurance policies and are not in
default under any of the terms thereof, (b) each such policy is outstanding and in full force and effect and, except for policies insuring
against potential liabilities of officers, directors and employees of Company and its Subsidiaries, Company or the relevant Subsidiary
thereof is the sole beneficiary of such policies, (c) all premiums and other payments due under any such policy have been paid, and all
claims thereunder have been filed in due and timely fashion, (d) there is no claim for coverage by Company or any of its Subsidiaries
pending under any insurance policy as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters of such insurance
policy and (e) neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of any threatened termination of, material premium increase
with respect to, or material alteration of coverage under, any insurance policies.

35

Section 3.29. 
Investment Advisory and Broker-Dealer Matters.

(a) 
No Subsidiary of Company is required to register with the SEC as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as
amended (the Investment Advisers Act).

(b) 
No Subsidiary of Company is a broker-dealer or is required to be registered, licensed or qualified as a broker or dealer
in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act or any other federal or state regulatory or legal requirement or, directly or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, controls or has any other association with (within the meaning of Article I of the Bylaws of the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)) any member firm of FINRA.

Section 3.30. 
Insurance Subsidiaries.

(a) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company, to
the knowledge of Company, (i) since January 1, 2023, at the time each agent, representative, producer, reinsurance intermediary,
wholesaler, third-party administrator, distributor, broker, employee or other person authorized to sell, produce, manage or administer
products on behalf of any Company Subsidiary (Company Agent) wrote, sold, produced, managed, administered or procured
business for a Company Subsidiary, such Company Agent was, at the time the Company Agent wrote or sold business, duly licensed for the
type of activity and business written, sold, produced, managed, administered or produced to the extent required by applicable law, (ii) no
Company Agent has been since January 1, 2023, or is currently, in violation (or with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would
be in violation) of any law, rule or regulation applicable to such Company Agents writing, sale, management, administration or
production of insurance business for any Company Insurance Subsidiary (as defined below), and (iii) each Company Agent was appointed
by Company or a Company Insurance Subsidiary in compliance with applicable insurance laws, rules and regulations and, to the knowledge
of Company, all processes and procedures undertaken with respect to such Company Agent were undertaken in compliance with applicable
insurance laws, rules and regulations. Company Insurance Subsidiary means each Subsidiary of Company through which
insurance operations is conducted.

(b) Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company, (i) since January 1, 2023, Company and, to the knowledge of Company,
the Company Insurance Subsidiaries have made all required notices, submissions, reports or other filings under applicable insurance holding
company statutes, (ii) to the knowledge of Company, all contracts, agreements, arrangements and transactions in effect between any
Company Insurance Subsidiary and any affiliate are in compliance with the requirements of all applicable insurance holding company statutes,
and (iii) to the knowledge of Company, each Company Insurance Subsidiary has operated and otherwise been in compliance with all applicable
insurance laws, rules and regulations.

36

Section 3.31. 
Sanctions, Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Corruption Laws.

(a) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company,
Company and its Subsidiaries, and, to the knowledge of Company, each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives
and any other person acting on behalf of Company and its Subsidiaries, acting alone or together, is and has been in compliance with the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA) and any other anti-corruption or anti-bribery Applicable Law.

(b) Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company, none of Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge
of Company, any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives or other persons acting on behalf of Company
and its Subsidiaries, acting alone or together, has, directly or indirectly, (i) used any funds of Company or any of its Subsidiaries
for unlawful contributions, unlawful gifts, unlawful entertainment or other expenses relating to political activity, (ii) made any
unlawful payment to foreign or domestic governmental officials or employees or to foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from
funds of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) violated any provision that would result in the violation of the FCPA, or any
similar law, (iv) established or maintained any unlawful fund of monies or other assets of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) made
any fraudulent entry on the books or records of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) made any unlawful bribe, unlawful rebate,
unlawful payoff, unlawful influence payment, unlawful kickback or other unlawful payment to any person, private or public, regardless
of form, whether in money, property or services, to obtain favorable treatment in securing business, to obtain special concessions for
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, to pay for favorable treatment for business secured or to pay for special concessions already obtained
for Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(c) 
None of Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of Company, any of their respective directors, officers, employees,
agents, representatives or other persons acting on their behalf, is, or is 50% or more owned or controlled by one or more persons that
are: (i) the subject of any sanctions administered by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC)
or the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively,
Sanctions), or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions
(including, without limitation, the Crimea, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic,
Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Kherson oblast, and the Zaporizhzhia oblast regions of Ukraine), except as otherwise authorized pursuant
to Sanctions. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in business with foreign nations, organizations or individuals
named on any of the following lists maintained by the OFAC or the United States Department of the Treasury: (x) the Specially Designated
Nationals and Blocked Persons List; (y) the Sanctions Program and Countries Summaries Lists; or (z) Executive Order 13224.

(d) Company and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain
policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with the FCPA, and other anti-corruption and anti-bribery
applicable laws, Sanctions and applicable laws governing anti-money laundering.

37

(e) 
No Governmental Entity has in the past five (5) years commenced legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceedings, claims,
or actions against, or, to the knowledge of Company, is investigating or has in the past five (5) years conducted, initiated or threatened
any investigation of, Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives)
for alleged violation of the FCPA and other anti-corruption and anti-bribery applicable laws, Sanctions and applicable laws governing
anti-money laundering.

Section 3.32. 
No Other Representations or Warranties.

(a) 
Except for the representations and warranties made by Company and Company Subsidiary Bank in this Article 3, neither Company nor
Company Subsidiary Bank nor any other person makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to Company, Company
Subsidiary Bank, their respective Subsidiaries, or their respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, conditions (financial
or otherwise) or prospects, and each of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank hereby disclaims any such other representations or warranties.
In particular, without limiting the foregoing disclaimer, neither Company nor Company Subsidiary Bank nor any other person makes or has
made any representation or warranty to Parent or any of its affiliates or Representatives with respect to (i) any financial projection,
forecast, estimate, budget or prospective information relating to Company, Company Subsidiary Bank, any of their respective Subsidiaries
or their respective businesses or (ii) any oral or written information presented to Parent or any of its affiliates or Representatives
in the course of their due diligence investigation of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank, the negotiation of this Agreement or in the
course of the transactions contemplated hereby, except in each case for the representations and warranties made by Company and Company
Subsidiary Bank in this Article 3.

(b) Each of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank acknowledges
and agrees that neither Parent nor any other person has made or is making any express or implied representation or warranty other than
those contained in Article 4.

38

Article
4

Representations and Warranties of Parent

Except
(a) as disclosed in the Parent Disclosure Schedule; provided, that (i) no such item is required to be set forth as an exception
to a representation or warranty if its absence would not result in the related representation or warranty being deemed untrue or incorrect,
(ii) the mere inclusion of an item in the Parent Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty shall not be
deemed an admission by Parent that such item represents a material exception or fact, event or circumstance or that such item would reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent and (iii) any disclosures made with respect to a section of this Article
4 shall be deemed to qualify (1) any other section of this Article 4 specifically referenced or cross-referenced and (2) other
sections of this Article 4 to the extent it is reasonably apparent on its face (notwithstanding the absence of a specific cross reference)
from a reading of the disclosure that such disclosure applies to such other sections or (b) except with respect to matters that relate
to the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.02, as disclosed in any Parent Reports filed by Parent since January
1, 2023, and prior to the date hereof (but disregarding risk factor disclosures contained under the heading Risk Factors,
or disclosures of risks set forth in any forward-looking statements disclaimer or any other statements that are similarly
non-specific or cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature), Parent hereby represents and warrants to Company and Company Subsidiary
Bank as follows:

Section 4.01. 
Corporate Organization.

(a) 
Parent is a Virginia banking corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Commonwealth
of Virginia. Parent has the corporate power and authority to own, lease or operate all of its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted. Parent is duly licensed or qualified to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction
in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets owned, leased or operated
by it makes such licensing, qualification or standing necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or to be in
good standing would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.
True and complete copies of the articles of incorporation of Parent (the Parent Articles) and the bylaws of Parent
(the Parent Bylaws), in each case as in effect as of the date of this Agreement, have previously been made available
by Parent to Company. Parent is not in violation of any of the provisions of the Parent Articles or the Parent Bylaws.

(b) Each Subsidiary of Parent (a Parent Subsidiary)
(i) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (ii) is duly licensed or qualified to do
business and, where such concept is recognized under applicable law, in good standing in all jurisdictions (whether federal, state, local
or foreign) where its ownership, leasing or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so licensed or qualified
or in good standing unless the failure to be so licensed, qualified or in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent and (iii) has all requisite corporate power and authority to own,
lease or operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted. There are no restrictions on the ability of
Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent to pay dividends or distributions except, in the case of Parent or a Subsidiary that is a regulated
entity, for restrictions on dividends or distributions generally applicable to all similarly regulated entities. The deposit accounts
of Parent are insured by the FDIC through the Deposit Insurance Fund (as defined in Section 3(y) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act
of 1950) to the fullest extent permitted by law, all premiums and assessments required to be paid in connection therewith have been paid
when due, and no proceedings for the termination of such insurance are pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened. No Subsidiary
of Parent is in violation of any of the provisions of the articles or certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or comparable organizational
documents) of such Subsidiary of Parent.

39

Section 4.02. 
Capitalization.

(a) As of the date of this Agreement, the authorized capital
stock of Parent consists of 150,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $5.00 per share
(the Parent Preferred Stock). As of the Capitalization Date, there were (i) 75,392,225 shares of Parent Common
Stock issued and outstanding, including 160,367 shares of Parent Common Stock granted in respect of time-based restricted stock awards
(Parent Restricted Stock Awards), (ii) 687,430 shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for issuance upon the
settlement of outstanding time-based restricted stock unit awards in respect of shares of Parent Common Stock (Parent RSU Awards),
(iii) zero shares of Parent Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, (iv) zero shares of Parent Common Stock held in treasury,
(v) 98,204 shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for issuance upon the conversion of the 6.0% Convertible Subordinated Capital Note,
due December 1, 2029, issued by Parent under the Indenture, dated as of November 29, 2024, between Parent and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as trustee (the Parent Convertible Note), and (vi) no other shares of capital stock or
other voting securities or equity interests of Parent issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. As of the date of this Agreement,
except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, and for changes since the Capitalization Date resulting from the vesting or
settlement of any Parent Restricted Stock Awards and Parent RSU Awards (collectively, Parent Equity Awards) described in
the immediately preceding sentence, there are no shares of capital stock or other voting securities or equity interests of Parent issued,
reserved for issuance or outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly
issued and are fully paid, nonassessable (except as provided under any provision of applicable state law comparable to 12 U.S.C.
55) and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability attaching to the ownership thereof. Except for the Parent Convertible
Note, there are no trust preferred or subordinated debt securities of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary issued or outstanding. There are
no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness that have the right to vote on any matters on which shareholders of Parent may vote.
Other than Parent Equity Awards outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, as of the date of this Agreement there are no outstanding
subscriptions, equity or equity-based compensation awards (including options, stock appreciation rights, phantom units or shares, restricted
stock, restricted stock units, performance stock units, performance awards, profit participation rights, or dividend or dividend equivalent
rights or similar awards), warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, preemptive rights, anti-dilutive rights, rights of first refusal or
similar rights, puts, calls, commitments or agreements of any character relating to, or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable
into or exercisable for, shares of capital stock or other voting or equity securities of or ownership interest in Parent, or contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which Parent may become bound to issue additional shares of its capital stock or other
equity or voting securities of or ownership interests in Parent or that otherwise obligate Parent or any Parent Subsidiary to issue, transfer,
sell, purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any of the foregoing (collectively, Parent Securities). No Parent Subsidiary
owns any capital stock of Parent. There are no voting trusts, shareholder agreements, proxies or other agreements in effect to which Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries is a party with respect to the voting or transfer of Parent Common Stock, capital stock or other voting or
equity securities or ownership interests of Parent or granting any shareholder or other person any registration rights.

(b) Parent owns, directly or indirectly, all of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity ownership interests of each of the Parent Subsidiaries, free and clear of any Liens,
and all of such shares or equity ownership interests are duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable (except,
with respect to Subsidiaries that are depository institutions, as provided under any provision of applicable state law comparable to 12 U.S.C.
55) and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability attaching to the ownership thereof. Other than the shares of
capital stock or other equity ownership interests described in the previous sentence, there are no outstanding subscriptions, options,
warrants, stock appreciation rights, phantom units, scrip, rights to subscribe to, preemptive rights, anti-dilutive rights, rights of
first refusal or similar rights, puts, calls, commitments or agreements of any character relating to, or securities or rights convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of capital stock or other voting or equity securities of or ownership interests in any
Parent Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which any Parent Subsidiary may become bound to issue
additional shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting securities or ownership interests in such Parent Subsidiary, or otherwise
obligating Parent or any Parent Subsidiary to issue, transfer, sell, purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing (Parent
Subsidiary Securities).

40

Section 4.03. 
Authority; No Violation.

(a) 
Parent has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger have been duly and validly approved by the Board
of Directors of Parent. The Board of Directors of Parent has determined that the Merger, on the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, is advisable and in the best interests of Parent and its shareholders, and has adopted and approved this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby (including the Merger). No other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent are necessary to approve
this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (including the Merger). No vote or approval of the shareholders
of Parent is required in connection with the adoption of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Parent and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
by Company and Company Subsidiary Bank) constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Parent, enforceable against Parent in accordance
with its terms (except in all cases as such enforceability may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions). The shares of Parent Common
Stock to be issued in the Merger will, upon issuance and delivery at the Closing, be validly authorized, and when issued, will be validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and no current or past shareholder of Parent will have any preemptive right or similar rights in
respect thereof.

(b) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent,
nor the consummation by Parent of the transactions contemplated hereby (including the Merger), nor compliance by Parent with any of the
terms or provisions hereof, will (i) violate any provision of the Parent Articles or the Parent Bylaws or the articles or certificate
of incorporation or bylaws (or similar organizational documents) of any Parent Subsidiary or (ii) assuming that the consents and
approvals referred to in Section 4.04 are duly obtained, (x) violate any law, statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment,
order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets or (y) violate,
conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with
notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of termination or cancellation
under, accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the respective properties or assets of
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust,
license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which they or
any of their respective properties or assets may be bound, except (in the case of clauses (x) and (y) above) for such violations, conflicts,
breaches or defaults that would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent.

41

Section 4.04. 
Consents and Approvals. Except for (a)
the filing of any required applications, filings and notices, as applicable, with NASDAQ, (b) the filing of any required applications,
filings and notices, or the seeking of waivers therefrom as applicable, with (i) the FDIC under the Bank Merger Act, (ii) the BFI
of the VSCC, (iii) the OCC under the National Bank Act or the Change in Bank Control Act, and (iv) any state banking, securities
or insurance regulatory authorities listed on Section 3.04 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or Section 4.04 of the Parent
Disclosure Schedule and approval of such applications, filings and notices or the receipt of waivers therefrom, (c) the filing with the
SEC of the Proxy Statement, which shall include the Offering Circular, (d) the filing of the Articles of Merger with the VSCC pursuant
to the VSCA, (e) the filing of articles of amendment with the VSCC pursuant to the VSCA to effect the Company Articles Amendment,
(f) if required by the HSR Act, the filing of any applications, filings or notices under the HSR Act and compliance with the HSR
Act and (g) such filings and approvals as are required to be made or obtained under the securities or Blue Sky laws
of various states in connection with the issuance of the shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement and the approval of
the listing of such Parent Common Stock on NASDAQ, no consents or approvals of or filings or registrations with any Governmental Entity
are necessary in connection with (x) the execution and delivery by Parent of this Agreement or (y) the consummation by Parent
of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. As of the date hereof, to the knowledge of Parent, there is no reason why
the necessary regulatory approvals and consents will not be received by Parent to permit consummation of the Merger on a timely basis.

Section 4.05. 
Reports. Parent and each of its Subsidiaries
have timely filed (or furnished) all reports, forms, correspondence, registrations and statements, together with any amendments required
to be made with respect thereto, that they were required to file (or furnish, as applicable) since January 1, 2023 with (i) each
state bank regulatory authority and any other state regulatory authority, (ii) the FDIC, (iii) any foreign regulatory authority
and (iv) any self-regulatory organization (clauses (i) (iv), collectively, Parent Regulatory Agencies),
including any report, form, correspondence, registration or statement required to be filed (or furnished, as applicable) pursuant to the
laws, rules or regulations of the United States, any state, any foreign entity, or any Parent Regulatory Agency, and have paid all fees
and assessments due and payable in connection therewith, except where the failure to file (or furnish, as applicable) such report, form,
correspondence, registration or statement or to pay such fees and assessments would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. As of their respective dates, such reports, forms, correspondence, registrations
and statements, and other filings, documents and instruments were complete and accurate and complied with all applicable laws, in each
case, except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.
Subject to Section 9.14, except for normal examinations conducted by a Parent Regulatory Agency in the ordinary course of business
of Parent and its Subsidiaries, no Parent Regulatory Agency has initiated or has pending any proceeding or, to the knowledge of Parent,
investigation into the business or operations of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 2023, except where such proceedings
or investigations would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.
Subject to Section 9.14, there (i) is no unresolved violation, criticism, or exception by any Parent Regulatory Agency with
respect to any report or statement relating to any examinations or inspections of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) has
been no formal or informal inquiries by, or disagreements or disputes with, any Parent Regulatory Agency with respect to the business,
operations, policies or procedures of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 2023, in each case, which would reasonably be
expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

42

Section 4.06. 
Financial Statements.

(a) 
The financial statements of Parent and its Subsidiaries included (or incorporated by reference) in the Parent Reports (including
the related notes, where applicable) (i) have been prepared from, and are in accordance with, the books and records of Parent and
its Subsidiaries, (ii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, changes in shareholders
equity and consolidated financial position of Parent and its Subsidiaries for the respective fiscal periods or as of the respective dates
therein set forth (subject in the case of unaudited statements to year-end audit adjustments normal in nature and amount), (iii) complied,
as of their respective dates of filing with the FDIC, in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and with the published
rules and regulations of the FDIC with respect thereto, and (iv) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
during the periods involved, except, in each case, as indicated in such statements or in the notes thereto. The books and records of
Parent and its Subsidiaries have been, and are being, maintained in all material respects in accordance with GAAP and any other applicable
legal and accounting requirements. Since January 1, 2023, no independent public accounting firm of Parent has resigned (or informed Parent
that it intends to resign) or been dismissed as independent public accountants of Parent as a result of or in connection with any disagreements
with Parent on a matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure.

(b) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability of
any nature whatsoever (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise and whether due or to become due), except for those liabilities
that are reflected or reserved against on the consolidated balance sheet of Parent included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (including any notes thereto) and for liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice since December 31, 2024, or in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

(c) 
The records, systems, controls, data and information of Parent and its Subsidiaries are recorded, stored, maintained and operated
under means (including any electronic, mechanical or photographic process, whether computerized or not) that are under the exclusive
ownership and direct control of Parent or its Subsidiaries or accountants (including all means of access thereto and therefrom), except
for any non-exclusive ownership and non-direct control that would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Parent (x) has implemented and maintains disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls
over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and (f), respectively, of the Exchange Act) to ensure that material information
relating to Parent, including its Subsidiaries, is made known to the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of Parent
by others within those entities as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures and to make the certifications
required by the Exchange Act and Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and (y) has disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation
prior to the date hereof, to Parents outside auditors and the audit committee of Parents Board of Directors (i) any
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) which are reasonably likely to materially adversely affect Parents ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information, and (ii) any fraud that involves management or senior employees who have a significant
role in Parents internal controls over financial reporting. These disclosures were made in writing by management to Parents
auditors and audit committee. Neither Parent nor its independent audit firm has identified any unremediated material weakness in internal
controls over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures. Parent has no reason to believe that its outside auditors and
its chief executive officer and chief financial officer will not be able to give the certifications and attestations required pursuant
to the rules and regulations adopted pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, without qualification, when next due.

43

(d) Since January 1, 2023, (i) neither Parent nor any of
its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of Parent, any Representative of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, has received or otherwise
had or obtained knowledge of any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, regarding the accounting
or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods (including with respect to loan loss reserves, write-downs, charge-offs and
accruals) of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective internal accounting controls, including any material complaint, allegation,
assertion or claim that Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in questionable accounting or auditing practices, and (ii) no
employee of or attorney representing Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, whether or not employed by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries,
has reported evidence of a material violation of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar violation by Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents to the Board of Directors of Parent or any committee
thereof or the Board of Directors or similar governing body of any Parent Subsidiary or any committee thereof, or to the knowledge of
Parent, to any director or officer of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary.

Section 4.07. 
Brokers Fees. With the exception
of the engagement of Piper Sandler & Co., neither Parent nor any Parent Subsidiary nor any of their respective officers or directors
on behalf of Parent has employed any broker, finder or financial advisor or incurred any liability for any brokers fees, commissions
or finders fees in connection with the Merger or related transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 4.08. 
Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

(a) 
Since December 31, 2024, there has not been any effect, change, event, circumstance, condition, occurrence or development that
has had or would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

(b) Since December 31, 2024 and until the date of this Agreement,
Parent and its Subsidiaries have carried on their respective businesses in all material respects in the ordinary course.

Section 4.09. 
Legal Proceedings.

(a) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent,
neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any, and there are no outstanding or pending or, to the knowledge of Parent,
threatened, legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceedings, claims, actions or governmental or regulatory investigations of any
nature against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their current or former directors or executive officers or challenging the
validity or propriety of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

44

(b) There is no material injunction, order, judgment, decree,
or regulatory restriction imposed upon Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or the assets of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (or that, upon
consummation of the Merger, would apply to the Surviving Corporation or any of its affiliates).

Section 4.10. 
Taxes and Tax Returns. Each of Parent and its
Subsidiaries has duly and timely filed (including all applicable extensions) all income and other material Tax Returns in all jurisdictions
in which Tax Returns are required to be filed by it, and all such Tax Returns are true, correct, and complete in all material respects.
All material Taxes of Parent and its Subsidiaries (whether or not shown on any Tax Returns) that are due have been fully and timely paid.
Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries has withheld and paid all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with
amounts paid or owing to any employee, creditor, shareholder, independent contractor, depositor, holder of securities of Parent or any
of its Subsidiaries or other third party. Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries is fully compliant in receiving from its depositors and
maintaining Forms W-9, W-8 and any other documentation claiming or supporting exemption from withholding Taxes. Neither Parent nor any
of its Subsidiaries has received written notice of assessment or proposed assessment in connection with any material amount of Taxes,
and, to the knowledge of Parent, there are no threatened in writing or pending disputes, claims, audits, examinations or other proceedings
regarding any material Tax of Parent and its Subsidiaries or the assets of Parent and its Subsidiaries. Neither Parent nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any liability for the Taxes of any person (other than Parent or any of its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation Section
1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise. Neither Parent
nor any of its Subsidiaries has been, within the past two (2) years or otherwise as part of a plan (or series of related transactions)
within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code of which the Merger is also a part, a distributing corporation or a controlled
corporation (within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) in a distribution of stock intending to qualify for tax-free
treatment under Section 355 of the Code. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has participated in a listed transaction
within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b). Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries compliant with reporting (i) large
cash transactions as required under the Bank Secrecy Act, and (ii) and remitting abandoned property under applicable state abandoned property
and escheat statutes.

Section 4.11. 
Risk Management Instruments. Except as would not
reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, all interest rate swaps,
caps, floors, option agreements, futures and forward contracts and other similar derivative transactions and risk management arrangements,
whether entered into for the account of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or for the account of a customer of Parent or one of its Subsidiaries,
were entered into in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with applicable rules, regulations and policies of any Parent Regulatory
Agency and with counterparties reasonably believed to be financially responsible at the time and are legal, valid and binding obligations
of Parent or one of its Subsidiaries enforceable in accordance with their terms (except as may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions),
and are in full force and effect. Parent and each of its Subsidiaries have duly performed in all material respects all of their material
obligations thereunder to the extent that such obligations to perform have accrued, and, to Parents knowledge, there are no material
breaches, violations or defaults or allegations or assertions of such by any party thereto.

45

Section 4.12. 
Employees.

(a) 
For purposes of this Agreement, the term Parent Benefit Plans means an Employee Benefit Plan to which Parent,
any Parent Subsidiary or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates is a party or has any current or future obligation or that is maintained,
contributed to or sponsored by Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates for the benefit of any current or former
employee, officer, director or independent contractor of Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates, or for which
Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates has any direct or indirect liability, excluding, in each case, any Multiemployer
Plan.

(b) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, each Parent Benefit Plan has been established, operated and administered
in accordance with its terms and the requirements of all applicable laws, including ERISA and the Code. Except as would not reasonably
be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries
has taken any action to take corrective action or make a filing under any voluntary correction program of the IRS, DOL or any other Governmental
Entity with respect to any Parent Benefit Plan, and neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any knowledge of any plan defect that
would qualify for correction under any such program.

(c) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent,
all contributions required to be made to any Parent Benefit Plan by applicable law or by any plan document or other contractual undertaking,
and all premiums due or payable with respect to insurance policies funding any Parent Benefit Plan, for any period through the date hereof,
have been timely made or paid in full or, to the extent not required to be made or paid on or before the date hereof, have been fully
reflected on the books and records of Parent.

Section 4.13. 
FDIC Reports. Parent has previously made
available to Company an accurate and complete copy of each (a) final registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule and definitive
proxy statement filed with or furnished to the FDIC since January 1, 2023 by Parent pursuant to the Exchange Act (the Parent
Reports) and (b) communication mailed by Parent to its shareholders since January 1, 2023 and prior to the date hereof, and
no such Parent Report or communication, as of the date thereof (and, in the case of registration statements and proxy statements, on the
dates of effectiveness and the dates of the relevant meetings, respectively), contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
in which they were made, not misleading, except that information filed or furnished as of a later date (but before the date of this Agreement)
shall be deemed to modify information as of an earlier date. Since January 1, 2023, as of their respective dates, all Parent Reports filed
or furnished under the Exchange Act complied in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the FDIC with respect
thereto. No executive officer of Parent has failed in any respect to make the certifications required of him or her under Section 302
or 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding comments from or unresolved issues raised
by the FDIC with respect to any of the Parent Reports.

46

Section 4.14. 
Compliance with Applicable Law.

(a) Parent and each of its Subsidiaries hold, and have at all
times since January 1, 2023, held, all licenses, registrations, franchises, certificates, variances, permits, charters and authorizations
necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses and ownership of their respective properties, rights and assets under
and pursuant to each (and have paid all fees and assessments due and payable in connection therewith), except where neither the failure
to hold nor the cost of obtaining and holding such license, registration, franchise, certificate, variance, permit, charter or authorization
(nor the failure to pay any fees or assessments) would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent, and to the knowledge of Parent, no suspension or cancellation of any such necessary license, registration, franchise,
certificate, variance, permit, charter or authorization is threatened.

(b) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, Parent and each of its Subsidiaries have complied with and are
not in default or violation under any applicable law, statute, order, rule, regulation, policy and/or guideline of any Governmental Entity
relating to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, including all laws related to data protection or privacy (including laws relating to the
privacy and security of Personal Data), the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B,
the Fair Housing Act, the Community Reinvestment Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z, the Home
Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act, any regulations promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Interagency Policy Statement on
Retail Sales of Nondeposit Investment Products, the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and
Regulation X, Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and any other law, policy or guideline relating to bank secrecy, discriminatory lending,
financing or leasing practices, consumer protection, Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the CARES
Act, and all agency requirements relating to the origination, sale and servicing of mortgage and consumer loans.

(c) 
Parent has a Community Reinvestment Act rating of satisfactory or better.

(d) Parent maintains a written information privacy and security
program that includes reasonable measures to protect the privacy, confidentiality and security of all Personal Data owned, controlled
or processed by Parent and its Subsidiaries against any (i) loss or misuse of such Personal Data, (ii) unauthorized or unlawful
operations performed upon such Personal Data, or (iii) other act or omission that compromises the security or confidentiality of
such Personal Data. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent, to the knowledge of Parent, since January 1, 2023, no third party has gained unauthorized access to any information technology
networks or Personal Data controlled by Parent and its Subsidiaries.

47

(e) 
As of the date hereof, Parent is well-capitalized (as such term is defined in the relevant regulation of the institutions
primary bank regulator) and, as of the date hereof, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any indication from a Governmental
Entity that its status as well-capitalized or that Parents Community Reinvestment Act rating will be downgraded
within one (1) year from the date of this Agreement.

(f) 
Parent maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery
and anti-money laundering laws applicable to Parent. Except as would not be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, Parent and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of Parent, each of their respective
directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives and any other person acting on their behalf, is and has been in material compliance
with all applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws.

Section 4.15. 
Parent Supervisory Actions. Subject to
Section 9.14, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any cease-and-desist or other order or enforcement action
issued by, or is a party to any written agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or is a party to any commitment
letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject to any order, directive or other supervisory action by, or has been ordered to pay any
civil money penalty by, or has been since January 1, 2023, a recipient of any supervisory letter from, or since January 1, 2023, has adopted
any policies, procedures or board resolutions at the request or suggestion of, any Parent Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity
that currently restricts in any material respect or would reasonably be expected to restrict in any material respect the conduct of its
business or that in any material manner relates to its capital adequacy, its ability to pay dividends, its credit or risk management policies
or practices, its management or its business (each, whether or not set forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule, a Parent Supervisory
Action), nor has Parent or any of its Subsidiaries been advised since January 1, 2023, of any Parent Supervisory Action by
any Parent Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity that it is considering issuing, initiating, ordering or requesting any such
Parent Supervisory Action.

Section 4.16. 
State Takeover Laws. The Board of Directors
of Parent has approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and has taken all such other necessary actions as required
to render inapplicable to such agreements and transactions the provisions of any potentially applicable Takeover Statutes. In accordance
with Section 13.1-730 of the VSCA, no appraisal or dissenters rights will be available to the holders of Parent Common Stock in
connection with the Merger.

Section 4.17. 
Reorganization. Parent has not taken any
action (or failed to take any action) and is not aware of any fact or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to prevent or impede
the Company Merger from qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment.

48

Section 4.18. 
Opinion. Prior to the execution of this Agreement,
the board of directors of Parent has received an opinion (which if initially rendered orally, has been or will be confirmed in a written
opinion of the same date) from Piper Sandler & Co. to the effect that as of the date thereof and based upon and subject to the matters
set forth therein, the Merger Consideration to be delivered pursuant to the Merger Agreement is fair from a financial point of view to
Parent. Such opinion has not been amended or rescinded as of the date of this Agreement.

Section 4.19. 
Parent Information. The information relating
to Parent and its Subsidiaries or that is provided by Parent or its Subsidiaries or their respective Representatives for inclusion in
the Proxy Statement and the Offering Circular, or in any other document filed with any Parent Regulatory Agency or Governmental Entity
in connection herewith, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. The portion of the Proxy Statement relating
to Parent and its Subsidiaries will comply in all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder. The Offering Circular (except for such portions thereof that relate to Company or any of its Subsidiaries) will comply in
all material respects with the provisions of 12 C.F.R. Part 335.

Section 4.20. 
Financing. Parent has, or will have available
to it prior to the Closing Date, all funds necessary to satisfy its obligations hereunder.

Section 4.21. 
No Other Representations or Warranties.

(a) Except for the representations and warranties made by Parent
in this Article 4, neither Parent nor any other person makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to Parent,
its Subsidiaries, or their respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, conditions (financial or otherwise) or prospects, and
Parent hereby disclaims any such other representations or warranties. In particular, without limiting the foregoing disclaimer, neither
Parent nor any other person makes or has made any representation or warranty to Company, Company Subsidiary Bank or any of their respective
affiliates or Representatives with respect to (i) any financial projection, forecast, estimate, budget or prospective information
relating to Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses or (ii) any oral or written information presented to Company,
Company Subsidiary Bank or any of their respective affiliates or Representatives in the course of their due diligence investigation of
Parent, the negotiation of this Agreement or in the course of the transactions contemplated hereby, except in each case for the representations
and warranties made by Parent in this Article 4.

(b) Parent acknowledges and agrees that neither Company nor Company
Subsidiary Bank nor any other person has made or is making any express or implied representation or warranty other than those contained
in Article 3.

49

Article
5

Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business

Section 5.01. 
Conduct of Businesses by Company Prior to the Effective Time.
During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time or earlier termination of this Agreement, except as expressly
contemplated or permitted by this Agreement (including as set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule), required by law or as consented
to in writing by Parent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), Company shall, and shall cause each of
its Subsidiaries to, (a) conduct its business in the ordinary course consistent with past practice in all material respects, (b) use reasonable
best efforts to maintain and preserve intact its business organization, employees and advantageous business relationships (including relationships
with Governmental Entities), and (c) take no action that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or delay the ability of either
Parent or Company to obtain any necessary approvals of any Parent Regulatory Agency, Company Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity
required for the transactions contemplated hereby or to perform its covenants and agreements under this Agreement or to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis.

Section 5.02. 
Forbearances of Company. During the period
from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time or earlier termination of this Agreement, except as set forth in the Company Disclosure
Schedule, as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or as required by law, Company shall not, and shall not permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, without the prior written consent of Parent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed):

(a) 
other than (i) federal funds borrowings and Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings, in each case with a maturity not in excess
of six (6) months, (ii) deposits in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (iii) issuances of letters of
credit, (iv) sales of certificates of deposit and (v) entry into repurchase agreements, in each case of clauses (i) through (v), in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, incur any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than indebtedness of Company
or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries to Company or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries), or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise
as an accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other individual, corporation or other entity;

(b) 

(i) 
adjust, split, combine or reclassify any capital stock;

50

(ii) 
make, declare, pay or set a record date for any dividend, or any other distribution on, or directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or
otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting securities or any securities or obligations convertible
(whether currently convertible or convertible only after the passage of time or the occurrence of certain events) or exchangeable into
or exercisable for any shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting securities, including any Company Securities or Company
Subsidiary Securities except, in each case, (A) regular quarterly cash dividends at a rate not in excess of $0.14 per share of Company
Common Stock and with record and payment dates consistent with past practice, (B) dividends paid by any Subsidiary of Company to Company
or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries or (C) the acceptance of shares of Company Common Stock as payment for withholding Taxes incurred
in connection with the vesting of Company Restricted Stock Awards, in each case, outstanding as of the date hereof;

(iii) 
grant any stock options, warrants, restricted stock units, performance stock units, phantom stock units, restricted shares or other equity
or equity-based awards or interests, or grant any person any right to acquire any Company Securities under a Company Stock Plan or otherwise;
or

(iv) 
issue, sell, transfer, encumber or otherwise permit to become outstanding any shares of capital stock or voting securities or equity
interests or securities convertible (whether currently convertible or convertible only after the passage of time of the occurrence of
certain events) or exchangeable into, or exercisable for, any shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting securities, including
any Company Securities or Company Subsidiary Securities, or any options, warrants, or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares
of capital stock or other equity or voting securities, including any Company Securities or Company Subsidiary Securities;

(c) 
sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of its material properties or assets to any individual, corporation or
other entity other than a wholly owned Subsidiary, or cancel, release or assign any indebtedness to any such person or any claims held
by any such person, in each case other than (i) sales and dispositions of immaterial properties or assets in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice or (ii) pursuant to contracts or agreements in force at the date of this Agreement and set forth on Section 5.02(c)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule;

(d) except for (i) foreclosures or acquisitions of control in
a fiduciary or similar capacity or in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice or (ii) such other acquisitions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in amounts that do
not exceed $50,000 individually or $100,000 in the aggregate, make any material investment in or acquisition of (whether by purchase of
stock or securities, contributions to capital, property transfers, merger or consolidation, or formation of a joint venture or otherwise)
any other person or the property or assets of any other person, in each case other than a wholly owned Subsidiary of Company;

(e) 
in each case except for transactions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (i) terminate, materially
amend, or waive any material provision of, or waive, release, compromise or assign any material rights or claims under, any Company Contract
(or any contract entered into after the date hereof that would be a Company Contract if it were in effect on the date of this Agreement),
or make any change in any instrument or agreement governing the terms of any of its securities, other than normal renewals of contracts
without material adverse changes of terms with respect to Company, or (ii) enter into any contract that would constitute a Company
Contract, if it were in effect on the date of this Agreement;

51

(f) 
except as required by the terms (in effect as of the date hereof) of any Company Benefit Plan or by applicable law, (i) enter
into, adopt, amend or terminate any employment agreement, offer letter, retention agreement, change in control or transaction bonus agreement,
severance agreement or similar arrangement, other than entering into offer letters that do not contain severance or change in control
provisions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice with respect to an employee hire who is not (and would not
be) an executive officer or any employee reporting directly to an executive officer or who would not have a target annual compensation
opportunity (base salary, target annual bonus and target long-term incentive opportunity) of $150,000 or more (each, a Key
Employee), (ii) enter into, adopt, materially amend or terminate any Employee Benefit Plan or any Collective Bargaining
Agreement, (iii) increase the compensation or benefits payable to any current or former employee, director or individual consultant,
other than increases in base salary or wage rate to employees who are not Key Employees in connection with Companys annual compensation
reviews in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (iv) pay or award, or accelerate the vesting of, any non-equity
bonuses or incentive compensation, (v) grant or accelerate the vesting or payment of any equity-based compensation, (vi) fund
any rabbi trust or similar arrangement, (vii) terminate the employment of any Key Employee, other than for cause, or (viii) hire
any individual who would be a Key Employee;

(g) settle any claim, suit, action or proceeding, except involving
solely monetary remedies in an amount not in excess of $500,000 individually or $1,000,000 in the aggregate, and that would not impose
any material restriction on, or create any adverse precedent that would be material to, the business of it or its Subsidiaries or the
Surviving Corporation or to the receipt of regulatory approvals for the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis;

(h) take any action or knowingly fail to take any action where
such action or failure to act could reasonably be expected to prevent or impede the Company Merger from qualifying for the Intended Tax
Treatment;

(i) 
amend its articles of incorporation, its bylaws or comparable governing documents of its Subsidiaries;

(j) 
merge or consolidate itself or any of its Subsidiaries with any other person, or restructure, reorganize or completely or partially
liquidate or dissolve it or any of its Subsidiaries;

(k) other than in prior consultation with Parent, materially
restructure or materially change its investment securities or derivatives portfolio or its interest rate exposure, through purchases,
sales or otherwise, or the manner in which the portfolio is classified or reported;

52

(l) 
implement or adopt any change in its accounting principles, practices or methods, other than as may be required by GAAP or applicable
law, regulation or policies imposed by any Governmental Entity;

(m) 
enter into any new line of business or change in any material respect its lending, investment, underwriting, risk and asset liability
management, interest rate, fee pricing or other material banking or operating policies and other banking and operating, securitization
and servicing policies (including any change in the maximum ratio or similar limits as a percentage of its capital exposure applicable
with respect to its loan portfolio or any segment thereof), except as required by applicable law, regulation or policies imposed by any
Governmental Entity;

(n) make any material changes in its policies and practices with
respect to (i) underwriting, pricing, originating, acquiring, selling, servicing, or buying or selling rights to service, Loans or
(ii) its investment securities portfolio, hedging practices and policies or its policies with respect to the classification or reporting
of such portfolios, in each case except as required by law or requested by a Company Regulatory Agency;

(o) (i) make, renew, restructure
or otherwise modify any Loan other than Loans that are made, renewed, restructured or otherwise modified in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice (excluding participations) or Loans that were previously acquired in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice, in each case originated in compliance with Companys and Company Bank Subsidiarys internal loan policies
and that have (A) in the case of unsecured Loans, a principal balance not in excess of $500,000, (B) in the case of secured Loans, a principal
balance not in excess of $5,000,000 and (C) total exposure to the borrower and its affiliates not in excess of $7,000,000; (ii) except
in the ordinary course of business, take any action that would result in any discretionary release of collateral or guarantees or otherwise
restructure the respective amounts set forth in clause (i) above; (iii) enter into any Loan securitization or create any special purpose
funding entity; or (iv) purchase or otherwise acquire any Loans from unaffiliated third parties (including any Loan participations), except
for acquisitions in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith. In the event that Parents prior written consent
is required pursuant to clause (i) above, Parent shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide such consent within three (3)
business days of any request by Company, and if Parent does not respond to a request for consent pursuant to this Section 5.02(o)
within three (3) business days of having received such request together with the relevant Loan package, such non-response shall be deemed
to constitute consent (provided that if Parent reasonably requests additional information from Company during such three (3)-business
day period, such period shall be tolled and a new three (3)-business day period shall apply upon Parents receipt of the requested
information from Company);

(p) make, or commit to make, any capital expenditures that exceed
the amounts set forth in Companys capital expenditure budget set forth in Section 5.02(p) of the Company Disclosure Schedule;

(q) make, change or revoke any material Tax election, change
an annual Tax accounting period, adopt or change any material Tax accounting method, file any material amended Tax Return, enter into
any closing agreement with respect to a material amount of Taxes, or settle any material Tax claim, audit, assessment or dispute or surrender
any material right to claim a refund of Taxes; or

53

(r) 
agree to take, make any commitment to take, or adopt any resolutions of its Board of Directors or similar governing body in support
of, any of the actions prohibited by this Section 5.02.

Section 5.03. 
Forbearances of Parent. During the period
from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time or earlier termination of this Agreement, except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure
Schedule, as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or as required by law, Parent shall not, and shall not permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, without the prior written consent of Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed):

(a) adjust, split, combine or reclassify any shares of Parent
Common Stock;

(b) take any action or knowingly fail to take any action where
such action or failure to act could reasonably be expected to prevent or impede the Company Merger from qualifying for the Intended Tax
Treatment;

(c) 
amend its articles of incorporation or bylaws in a manner that would materially and adversely affect the holders of Company Common
Stock, or adversely affect the holders of Company Common Stock relative to other holders of Parent Common Stock;

(d) take any action that would reasonably be expected to adversely
affect or delay the ability of either Parent or Company to obtain any necessary approvals of any Parent Regulatory Agency, Company Regulatory
Agency or other Governmental Entity required for the transactions contemplated hereby or to perform its covenants and agreements under
this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis; or

(e) 
agree to take, make any commitment to take, or adopt any resolutions of its Board of Directors or similar governing body in support
of, any of the actions prohibited by this Section 5.03.

Article
6

Additional Agreements

Section 6.01. 
Regulatory Matters.

(a) 
Promptly after the date of this Agreement, Company shall prepare the Proxy Statement, of which the Offering Circular will form
a part, and use reasonable best efforts to file such Proxy Statement with the SEC within forty-five (45) days after the date of this
Agreement. Each party agrees to cooperate with the other party, its legal, financial and accounting advisors, in the preparation of the
Proxy Statement. Each party shall prepare and furnish to other parties such information relating to it and its directors, officers and
shareholders and such partys business and operations as may be reasonably required to comply with SEC rules and regulations or
SEC staff comments in connection with the Proxy Statement, which information may be based on such partys knowledge of and access
to the information required for said document and advice of counsel with respect to SEC disclosure obligations. Company shall use reasonable
best efforts to respond as promptly as practicable to any comments of the SEC staff with respect to the Proxy Statement, and Company
shall cause the definitive Proxy Statement to be mailed to its shareholders as promptly as practicable after the date on which Company
learns that the Proxy Statement will not be reviewed or that the SEC staff has no further comments thereon. Company shall as promptly
as practicable notify Parent of the receipt of any written comments from the staff of the SEC relating to the Proxy Statement. If at
any time prior to the receipt of the Requisite Company Vote, any party discovers any information that should be set forth in an amendment
or supplement to the Proxy Statement so that the Proxy Statement would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, such party shall promptly notify the other parties and, to the extent required by applicable law,
an appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed by Company with the SEC and disseminated by
Company to its shareholders. Parent shall also use its reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary state securities law or Blue
Sky permits and approvals required to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and Company shall furnish all
information concerning Company and the holders of Company Common Stock as may be reasonably requested in connection with any such action,
which information may be based on Companys knowledge of and access to the information requested and advice of counsel with respect
to such permits and approvals.

54

(b) The parties hereto shall cooperate with each other and use
their reasonable best efforts to promptly (and in the case of the applications, notices, petitions and filings in respect of the Requisite
Regulatory Approvals, within forty-five (45) days of the date of this Agreement) prepare and file all necessary documentation, to effect
all applications, notices, petitions and filings, to obtain as promptly as practicable all permits, consents, orders, approvals, waivers,
non-objections and authorizations of all third parties and Governmental Entities which are necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment), and to comply with the terms and conditions
of all such permits, consents, orders, approvals, waivers, non-objections and authorizations of all such third parties and Governmental
Entities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, as soon as practicable and in no event later than forty-five (45) days after
the date of this Agreement, Parent and Company shall, and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to, each prepare and file any applications,
notices and filings required to be filed with any bank regulatory agency in order to obtain the Requisite Regulatory Approvals. Parent
and Company shall each use, and shall each cause their applicable Subsidiaries to use, reasonable best efforts to obtain each such Requisite
Regulatory Approval as promptly as reasonably practicable. Parent and Company shall have the right to review and provide comments in advance,
and, to the extent practicable, each will consult the other on, in each case subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of information,
all the information relating to Company or Parent, as the case may be, and any of their respective Subsidiaries, which appears in any
filing made with, or written materials submitted to, any third party or any Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. In exercising the foregoing right, each of the parties hereto shall act reasonably and as promptly as practicable.
The parties hereto agree that they will consult with each other with respect to the obtaining of all permits, consents, orders, approvals,
waivers, non-objections and authorizations of, and the filing of notices to, all third parties and Governmental Entities necessary or
advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each party will keep the other apprised of the status of matters
relating to completion of the transactions contemplated herein, and each party shall consult with the other in advance of any meeting
or conference with any Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, to the extent permitted
by such Governmental Entity, give the other party and/or its counsel the opportunity to attend and participate in such meetings and conferences,
in each case subject to applicable law; and provided that each party shall promptly advise the other party with respect to substantive
matters that are addressed in any meeting or conference with any Governmental Entity which the other party does not attend or participate
in, to the extent permitted by such Governmental Entity and applicable law. The parties obligations under this Section 6.01(b)
are, in each case, subject to Laws relating to the exchange of information (including with respect to confidential supervisory information)
and subject to necessary redactions relating to confidential or sensitive information. As used in this Agreement, the term Requisite
Regulatory Approvals shall mean all permits, consents, orders, approvals, waivers, non-objections and authorizations (and the
expiration or termination of all statutory waiting periods in respect thereof) from (i) the FDIC under the Bank Merger Act, (ii) the
OCC under the National Bank Act or the Change in Bank Control Act, (iii) the BFI of the VSCC and (iv) any Governmental Entity
set forth in Section 3.04 or Section 4.04 the non-receipt of which would reasonably be expected to have, either individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Surviving Corporation.

55

(c) 
Each party shall use its reasonable best efforts to resolve any objection that may be asserted by any Governmental Entity with
respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement
shall be deemed to require Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, and neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be permitted (without
the written consent of Parent), to take any action, or commit to take any action, or agree to any condition or restriction, in connection
with obtaining the foregoing permits, consents, orders, approvals, waivers, non-objections and authorizations of Governmental Entities
that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries after giving effect
to the Merger (measured on a scale relative to Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, without giving effect to the Merger (except
in the case of any such actions, conditions or restrictions caused by or arising solely out of the separate business or operations of
Company or its Subsidiaries prior to the Closing, in which case the standard shall be measured on a scale relative to Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, without giving effect to the Merger)) (a Materially Burdensome Regulatory Condition).

(d) Parent and Company shall, upon request, furnish each other
with all information concerning themselves, their Subsidiaries, directors, officers and shareholders, and such other matters as may be
reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with the Proxy Statement or any other statement, filing, notice or application made by
or on behalf of Parent, Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries to any Governmental Entity in connection with the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(e) 
Parent and Company shall promptly advise each other upon receiving any communication from any Governmental Entity whose consent
or approval is required for consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that causes such party to believe that there
is a reasonable likelihood that any Requisite Regulatory Approval will not be obtained, or that the receipt of any such approval will
be materially delayed.

Section 6.02. 
Access to Information; Confidentiality.

(a) 
Upon reasonable notice and subject to applicable laws, each of Company and Parent, for the purposes of verifying the representations
and warranties of the other and preparing for the Merger and the other matters contemplated by this Agreement, shall, and shall cause
each of their respective Subsidiaries to, afford to the Representatives of the other party, access, during normal business hours during
the period prior to the Effective Time, to all its properties, books, contracts, commitments, personnel, information technology systems,
and records (or in the case of access by Company, all of the foregoing as reasonably requested, taking into account the circumstances
of Company as a party to the transactions contemplated hereby), provided that such investigation or requests shall not interfere
unnecessarily with normal operations of the party, and each shall cooperate with the other party in preparing to execute after the Effective
Time the conversion or consolidation of systems and business operations generally, and, during such period, each of Company and Parent
shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, make available to the other party (i) a copy of each report, schedule, registration
statement and other document filed or received by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal securities laws or federal
or state banking laws (other than reports or documents that Company or Parent, as the case may be, is not permitted to disclose under
applicable law), and (ii) all other information concerning its business, properties and personnel as such party may reasonably request
in light of such partys circumstances as a party to the transactions contemplated hereby. Neither Parent nor Company nor any of
their respective Subsidiaries shall be required to provide access to or to disclose information where such access or disclosure would
violate or prejudice the rights of Parents or Companys, as the case may be, customers, jeopardize the attorney-client privilege
of the institution in possession or control of such information (after giving due consideration to the existence of any common interest,
joint defense or similar agreement between the parties) or contravene any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree, fiduciary duty
or binding agreement entered into prior to the date of this Agreement. The parties hereto will make appropriate substitute disclosure
arrangements under circumstances in which the restrictions of the preceding sentence apply.

56

(b) Each of Company and Parent shall hold all information furnished
by or on behalf of the other party or any of such partys Subsidiaries or Representatives pursuant to this Agreement in confidence
to the extent required by, and in accordance with, the provisions of the confidentiality agreement, dated January 10, 2025, between Parent
and Company (the Confidentiality Agreement).

(c) 
No investigation by either of the parties or their respective Representatives shall affect or be deemed to modify or waive the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the other set forth herein. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give either
party, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the operations of the other party prior to the Effective Time. Prior to
the Effective Time, each party shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision
over its and its Subsidiaries respective operations.

Section 6.03. 
Shareholder Approval. Company shall call,
give notice of, establish a record date for, convene and hold a meeting of its shareholders (the Company Meeting)
to be held as soon as reasonably practicable after the Proxy Statement is mailed, for the purpose of obtaining (a) the Requisite Company
Vote and (b) if so desired and mutually agreed, a vote upon other matters of the type customarily brought before a meeting of shareholders
in connection with the approval of a merger agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby, and Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause such meeting to occur as soon as reasonably practicable. Subject to the remainder of this Section 6.03, Company
and its Board of Directors shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain from the shareholders of Company the Requisite Company Vote,
including by communicating to the shareholders of Company its recommendation (and including such recommendation in the Proxy Statement)
that the shareholders of Company approve the Company Articles Amendment, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (the
Company Board Recommendation). Subject to the remainder of this Section 6.03, Company and its Board of Directors
shall not (i) withhold, withdraw, modify or qualify in a manner adverse to Parent the Company Board Recommendation, (ii) fail to make
the Company Board Recommendation in the Proxy Statement, (iii) adopt, approve, recommend or endorse an Acquisition Proposal or publicly
announce an intention to adopt, approve, recommend or endorse an Acquisition Proposal, (iv) fail to publicly and without qualification
(A) recommend against any Acquisition Proposal or (B) reaffirm the Company Board Recommendation, in each case within ten (10) business
days (or such fewer number of days as remains prior to the Company Meeting) after an Acquisition Proposal is made public or any request
by the other party to do so, or (v) publicly propose to do any of the foregoing (any of the foregoing a Recommendation Change).
However, subject to Section 8.01 and Section 8.02, if the Board of Directors of Company, after receiving the advice of its outside
counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisors, determines in good faith that it would more likely than not result
in a violation of its fiduciary duties under applicable law to make or continue to make the Company Board Recommendation, the Board of
Directors of Company may, prior to the receipt of the Requisite Company Vote, submit this Agreement to its shareholders without recommendation
(although the resolutions approving this Agreement and the Company Articles Amendment as of the date hereof may not be rescinded or amended),
in which event such Board of Directors may communicate the basis for such lack of recommendation to its shareholders in the Proxy Statement
or an appropriate amendment or supplement thereto to the extent required by law; provided that such Board of Directors may not
take any actions under this sentence unless it (A) gives Parent at least three (3) business days prior written notice of its intention
to take such action and a reasonable description of the event or circumstances giving rise to its determination to take such action (including,
in the event such action is taken in response to an Acquisition Proposal, the latest material terms and conditions and the identity of
the third party in any such Acquisition Proposal, or any amendment or modification thereof, or describe in reasonable detail such other
event or circumstances) and (B) at the end of such notice period, takes into account any amendment or modification to this Agreement proposed
by Parent and, after receiving the advice of its outside counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisors, determines
in good faith that it would nevertheless more likely than not result in a violation of its fiduciary duties under applicable law to make
or continue to make the Company Board Recommendation. Any material amendment to any Acquisition Proposal will be deemed to be a new Acquisition
Proposal for purposes of this Section 6.03 and will require a new notice period as referred to in this Section 6.03. Company
shall not adjourn or postpone the Company Meeting, except that Company (1) shall be permitted to adjourn or postpone the Company Meeting
to allow reasonable additional time for the filing and mailing of any supplemental or amended disclosure which the Board of Directors
of Company has determined in good faith after consultation with outside counsel is necessary under applicable law and for such supplemental
or amended disclosure to be disseminated and reviewed by Companys shareholders prior to the Company Meeting and (2) shall adjourn
or postpone the Company Meeting up to two times, if, as of the time for which such meeting is originally scheduled there are insufficient
shares of Company Common Stock represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business of
such meeting, or if on the date of such meeting Company has not received proxies representing a sufficient number of shares necessary
to obtain the Requisite Company Vote; provided that, without the prior written consent of Parent, Company shall not adjourn or
postpone the Company Meeting under this clause (2) for more than five (5) business days in the case of any individual adjournment or postponement
or more than ten (10) business days in the aggregate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, unless this Agreement has been
terminated in accordance with its terms, the Company Meeting shall be convened and this Agreement shall be submitted to the shareholders
of Company at the Company Meeting, and nothing contained herein shall be deemed to relieve Company of such obligation.

57

Section 6.04. 
Legal Conditions to Merger. Subject in
all respects to Section 6.01 of this Agreement, each of Parent and Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, use their
reasonable best efforts (a) to take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary, proper or advisable to comply promptly with all legal
requirements that may be imposed on such party or its Subsidiaries with respect to the Merger and, subject to the conditions set forth
in Article 7 hereof, to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (b) to obtain (and to cooperate with the other
party to obtain) any material consent, authorization, order or approval of, or any exemption by, any Governmental Entity and any other
third party that is required to be obtained by Company or Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries in connection with the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 6.05. 
Stock Exchange Listing. Parent shall cause
the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be approved for listing on NASDAQ, subject to official notice of issuance,
prior to the Effective Time.

Section 6.06. 
Employee Matters.

(a) 
For one year after the Effective Time, Parent shall provide to employees of Company and Company Subsidiaries who become employees
of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary at the Effective Time (Company Continuing Employees) employee benefits on terms
and conditions that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to those provided to similarly situated employees of Parent and any
Parent Subsidiary.

(b) Each Company Continuing Employee whose employment is involuntarily
terminated other than for cause on or after the Effective Time but on or before the date that is nine (9) months following the Effective
Time, excluding any employee who has a contractual or other legally binding arrangement providing for severance pay, shall be entitled
to receive severance in accordance with Section 6.06(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

(c) 
With respect to any Parent Benefit Plan in which any Company Continuing Employees first become eligible to participate on or after
the Closing Date, Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall use commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) waive all waiting periods
and restrictions and exclusions for preexisting conditions and insurability with respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable
to such employees and their eligible dependents under any such Parent Benefit Plans, except to the extent such waiting periods and restrictions
and exclusions for preexisting conditions and insurability would apply under the analogous Company Benefit Plan immediately prior to
the Closing Date; (ii) provide each such Company Continuing Employee and his or her eligible dependents with credit for any co-payments
and deductibles paid prior to the Closing Date (or, if later, prior to the time such employee commenced participation in such Parent
Benefit Plan) under such Parent Benefit Plan (to the same extent that such credit was given under the analogous Company Benefit Plan)
in satisfying any applicable deductible or out-of-pocket requirements under any such Parent Benefit Plans; and (iii) recognize service
of such employees with Company and the Company Subsidiaries to the same extent that such service was taken into account under the analogous
Company Benefit Plan prior to the Closing Date; provided that the foregoing service recognition shall not apply to the extent
it would result in duplication of benefits for the same period of services or for purposes of benefit accrual, paid time off, any Parent
Benefit Plan that provides defined benefit or retiree welfare benefits, or any Parent Benefit Plan that is a frozen plan, either with
respect to level of benefits or participation, or provides grandfathered benefits.

58

(d) If directed in writing by Parent at least ten (10) business
days prior to the Effective Time, Company shall terminate any Company Qualified Plan, in each case effective as of, and contingent upon,
the Effective Time. In connection with the termination of such Company Qualified Plan, Parent shall permit each affected Company employee
to make rollover contributions of eligible rollover distributions (within the meaning of Section 401(a)(31) of the Code,
including all participant loans) in an amount equal to the eligible rollover distribution portion of the account balance distributed to
each such affected employee from such plan to an eligible retirement plan (within the meaning of Section 401(a)(31) of the
Code) of Parent or Parent Subsidiaries.

(e) 
Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon any employee, officer, director, consultant or other service provider of Company or
any Company Subsidiaries or affiliates any right to continue in the employ or service of the Surviving Corporation, Company, Parent or
any Subsidiary or affiliate thereof, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Surviving Corporation, Company,
Parent or any Subsidiary or affiliate thereof to discharge or terminate the services of any employee, officer, director or consultant
of Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be deemed to (i) establish, amend, or modify any Company Benefit Plan, Parent Benefit Plan or any other benefit or employment
plan, program, agreement or arrangement, or (ii) alter or limit the ability of Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of their
Subsidiaries or affiliates to amend, modify or terminate any particular Employee Benefit Plan or any other benefit or employment plan,
program, agreement or arrangement after the Effective Time. Without limiting the generality of Section 9.11, except as set forth
in Section 6.07, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any person not a party to this
Agreement, including any current or former employee, officer, director or consultant of Parent or Company or any of their Subsidiaries
or affiliates, any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

(f) 
Prior to making any written communications to any service provider of Company or any Company Subsidiary pertaining to the treatment
of compensation or benefits in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or employment with Parent following the
Effective Time, Company or any Company Subsidiary shall provide Parent with a copy of the intended communication, and Parent shall have
a reasonable period of time to review and approve the communication.

Section 6.07. 
Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance.

(a) 
From and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless and shall advance expenses as incurred,
in each case to the fullest extent (subject to applicable law) permitted by the Company Articles, the Company Bylaws, the governing or
organizational documents of any Subsidiary of Company and any indemnification agreements in existence as of the date hereof and disclosed
in Section 6.07(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, each present and former director, officer or employee of Company and its
Subsidiaries (in each case, when acting in such capacity) (collectively, the Company Indemnified Parties) against
any costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), judgments, fines, losses, damages or liabilities incurred in connection
with any threatened or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative,
whether arising before or after the Effective Time, arising out of, or pertaining to, the fact that such person is or was a director,
officer or employee of Company or any of its Subsidiaries and pertaining to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective
Time, including matters, acts or omissions occurring in connection with the approval of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement; provided, that in the case of advancement of expenses, any Company Indemnified Party to whom expenses are advanced
provides an undertaking to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such Company Indemnified Party is not entitled to
indemnification.

59

(b) For a period of six (6) years after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation shall cause to be maintained in effect the current policies of directors and officers liability insurance
maintained by Company (provided, that the Surviving Corporation may substitute therefor policies with a substantially comparable
insurer of at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions that are no less advantageous to the insured) with respect
to claims arising from facts or events which occurred at or before the Effective Time (including the approval of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement); provided that the Surviving Corporation shall not be obligated to expend, on an annual basis, an amount in
excess of 300% of the current annual premium paid as of the date hereof by Company for such insurance (the Premium Cap),
and if such premiums for such insurance would at any time exceed the Premium Cap, then the Surviving Corporation shall cause to be maintained
policies of insurance which, in the Surviving Corporations good faith determination, provide the maximum coverage available at
an annual premium equal to the Premium Cap. In lieu of the foregoing, Parent or Company, in consultation with, but only upon the consent
of Parent, may (and at the request of Parent, Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to) obtain at or prior to the Effective Time
a six (6)-year tail policy under Companys existing directors and officers insurance policy providing
equivalent coverage to that described in the preceding sentence if and to the extent that the same may be obtained for an amount that,
in the aggregate, does not exceed the Premium Cap.

(c) 
The provisions of this Section 6.07 shall survive the Effective Time and are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall
be enforceable by, each Company Indemnified Party and his or her heirs and representatives. If the Surviving Corporation or any of its
successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and is not the continuing or surviving entity of such
consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its assets or deposits to any other person or engages in
any similar transaction, then in each such case, the Surviving Corporation will cause proper provision to be made so that the successors
and assigns of the Surviving Corporation will expressly assume the obligations set forth in this Section 6.07. The obligations of
the Surviving Corporation, Parent and the Company under this Section 6.07 shall not be terminated or modified after the Effective
Time in a manner so as to adversely affect the Company Indemnified Party or any other person entitled to the benefit of this Section 6.07
without the prior written consent of the affected Company Indemnified Party or affected person.

Section 6.08. 
Additional Agreements. In case at any time
after the Effective Time any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement (including any merger
between a Subsidiary of Parent, on the one hand, and a Subsidiary of Company, on the other hand) or to vest the Surviving Corporation
with full title to all properties, assets, rights, approvals, immunities and franchises of any of the parties to the Merger, the proper
officers and directors of each party to this Agreement and their respective Subsidiaries shall take, or cause to be taken, all such necessary
action as may be reasonably requested by Parent.

Section 6.09. 
Advice of Changes. Parent and Company shall
each promptly advise the other party of any effect, change, event, circumstance, condition, occurrence or development (i) that has
had or would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on it or (ii) that
it believes would or would reasonably be expected to cause or constitute a material breach of any of its representations, warranties,
obligations, covenants or agreements contained herein that reasonably could be expected to give rise, individually or in the aggregate,
to the failure of a condition in Article 7; provided, that any failure to give notice in accordance with the foregoing with respect
to any breach shall not be deemed to constitute a violation of this Section 6.09 or the failure of any condition set forth in Section 7.02
or 7.03 to be satisfied, or otherwise constitute a breach of this Agreement by the party failing to give such notice, in each case unless
the underlying breach would independently result in a failure of the conditions set forth in Section 7.02 or 7.03 to be satisfied;
and provided, further, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 6.09 shall not cure any breach of,
or noncompliance with, any other provision of this Agreement or limit the remedies available to the party receiving such notice.

60

Section 6.10. 
Dividends. After the date of this Agreement,
each of Parent and Company shall coordinate with the other the declaration of any dividends in respect of Parent Common Stock and Company
Common Stock and the record dates and payment dates relating thereto, it being the intention of the parties hereto that holders of Company
Common Stock shall not receive two dividends, or fail to receive one dividend, in any quarter with respect to their shares of Company
Common Stock and any shares of Parent Common Stock any such holder receives in exchange therefor in the Merger.

Section 6.11. 
Shareholder Litigation. Each party shall
give the other party prompt notice of any shareholder litigation against such party or its directors or officers relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and Company shall give Parent the opportunity to participate (at Parents expense) in the defense
or settlement of any such litigation. Each party shall give the other the right to review and comment on all filings or responses to be
made by such party in connection with any such litigation, and will in good faith take such comments into account. Company shall not agree
to settle any such litigation without Parents prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed; provided, that Parent shall not be obligated to consent to any settlement which does not include a full release of
Parent and its affiliates or which imposes an injunction or other equitable relief after the Effective Time upon the Surviving Corporation
or any of its affiliates.

Section 6.12. 
Corporate Governance. At the Effective
Time, Parent shall invite each member of the Board of Directors of Company serving immediately prior to the Effective Time to serve as
a member of a regional advisory board of directors of Parent in accordance with the terms set forth in Section 6.12 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule. Membership on a regional advisory board of directors of Parent shall be conditional upon each director of Company
executing an agreement, substantially in a form attached as Exhibit C hereto, providing, among other things, that such person will not
engage in activities competitive with Parent until the later of the date that is two (2) years following the Effective Time or the date
on which he or she ceases to be a member of a regional advisory board of directors of Parent.

61

Section 6.13. 
Acquisition Proposals.

(a) 
Company agrees that it will not, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause
its and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors and representatives (collectively, Representatives)
not to, directly or indirectly, (i) initiate, solicit, knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquiries or proposals with
respect to any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) engage or participate in any negotiations with any person concerning any Acquisition Proposal,
(iii) provide any confidential or nonpublic information or data to, have or participate in any discussions with any person relating
to any Acquisition Proposal (except to notify a person that has made or, to the knowledge of Company, is making any inquiries with respect
to, or is considering making, an Acquisition Proposal, of the existence of the provisions of this Section 6.13(a)) or (iv) unless
this Agreement has been terminated in accordance with its terms, approve or enter into any term sheet, letter of intent, commitment,
memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement, merger agreement or other similar agreement (whether written
or oral, binding or nonbinding) (other than a confidentiality agreement referred to and entered into in accordance with this Section 6.13)
in connection with or relating to any Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that after the date of this Agreement
and prior to the receipt of the Requisite Company Vote, Company receives an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal
that did not result from or arise in connection with a breach of this Section 6.13(a), Company may, and may permit its Subsidiaries
and its and its Subsidiaries Representatives to, furnish or cause to be furnished confidential or nonpublic information or data
and participate in such negotiations or discussions with the person making the Acquisition Proposal if the Board of Directors of Company
concludes in good faith (after receiving the advice of its outside counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisors)
that failure to take such actions would be more likely than not to result in a violation of its fiduciary duties under applicable law;
provided, that, prior to furnishing any confidential or nonpublic information permitted to be provided pursuant to this sentence,
Company shall have entered into a confidentiality agreement with the person making such Acquisition Proposal on terms no less favorable
to it than the Confidentiality Agreement, which confidentiality agreement shall not provide such person with any exclusive right to negotiate
with such party. Company will, and will cause its Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated any activities, discussions
or negotiations conducted before the date of this Agreement with any person other than Parent with respect to any Acquisition Proposal.
Company will promptly (within twenty-four (24) hours) advise Parent following receipt of any Acquisition Proposal or any inquiry which
could reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal, and the substance thereof (including the terms and conditions of and
the identity of the person making such inquiry or Acquisition Proposal), will provide Parent with an unredacted copy of any such Acquisition
Proposal and any draft agreements, proposals or other materials received in connection with any such inquiry or Acquisition Proposal,
and will keep Parent apprised of any related developments, discussions and negotiations on a current basis, including any amendments
to or revisions of the terms of such inquiry or Acquisition Proposal. Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to enforce any existing
confidentiality or standstill agreements to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is a party in accordance with the terms thereof. As used
in this Agreement, Acquisition Proposal shall mean, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
any offer, proposal or inquiry relating to, or any third-party indication of interest in, (i) any acquisition or purchase, direct
or indirect, of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the consolidated assets of Company and its Subsidiaries or twenty-five percent (25%)
or more of any class of equity or voting securities of Company or its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute
twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the consolidated assets of Company, (ii) any tender offer (including a self-tender offer) or
exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in such third party beneficially owning twenty-five percent (25%) or more of any class
of equity or voting securities of Company or its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute twenty-five
percent (25%) or more of the consolidated assets of Company, or (iii) a merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination,
reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction involving the issuance, acquisition or conversion
of, or the disposition of, twenty-five percent (25%) or more of any class of equity or voting securities of Company or one or more of
its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the consolidated assets
of Company.

(b) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent Company
or its Board of Directors from complying with Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange Act with respect to an Acquisition
Proposal; provided, that such rules will in no way eliminate or modify the effect that any action pursuant to such rules would
otherwise have under this Agreement.

62

Section 6.14. 
Public Announcements. Company, Company
Subsidiary Bank and Parent agree that the initial press release with respect to the execution and delivery of this Agreement shall be
a release mutually agreed to by the parties. Thereafter, each of the parties agrees that no public release or announcement or statement
concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be issued by any party without the prior written consent of the
other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), except (i) as required by applicable law
or the rules or regulations of any applicable Governmental Entity or stock exchange to which the relevant party is subject, in which case
the party required to make the release or announcement shall consult with the other party about, and allow the other party reasonable
time to comment on, such release or announcement in advance of such issuance or (ii) for such releases, announcements or statements
that are consistent with other such releases, announcement or statements made after the date of this Agreement in compliance with this
Section 6.14.

Section 6.15. 
Change of Method. Company and Parent shall
be empowered, upon their mutual agreement, at any time prior to the Effective Time, to change the method or structure of effecting the
combination of Company, Company Subsidiary Bank and Parent (including the provisions of Article 1), if and to the extent Company and Parent
both deem such change to be necessary, appropriate or desirable; provided that unless this Agreement is amended by agreement of
each party in accordance with Section 9.01, no such change shall (i) alter or change the Merger Consideration provided for in
this Agreement, (ii) adversely affect the Tax treatment of Companys or Parents shareholders pursuant to this Agreement,
(iii) adversely affect the Tax treatment of Company or Parent pursuant to this Agreement or (iv) materially impede or delay
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in a timely manner. The parties agree to reflect any such change in
an appropriate amendment to this Agreement executed by both parties in accordance with Section 9.01.

Section 6.16. 
Takeover Statutes. Parent, Company, Company
Subsidiary Bank and their respective Boards of Directors shall not take any action that would cause any Takeover Statute to become applicable
to this Agreement, the Merger, or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby, and shall take all necessary steps to exempt (or
ensure the continued exemption of) the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby from any applicable Takeover Statute now
or hereafter in effect. If any Takeover Statute may become, or may purport to be, applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby,
each party and the members of its Board of Directors will grant such approvals and take such actions as are necessary so that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated hereby and otherwise act to eliminate
or minimize the effects of any Takeover Statute on any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, if necessary, challenging
the validity or applicability of any such Takeover Statute.

Section 6.17. 
Exemption from Liability Under Section 16(b).
Company and Parent agree that, in order to most effectively compensate and retain Company Insiders, both prior to and after the Effective
Time, it is desirable that Company Insiders not be subject to a risk of liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law in connection with the conversion of shares of Company Common Stock or shares underlying Company Restricted
Stock Awards into shares of Parent Common Stock in the Merger, and for that compensatory and retentive purposes agree to the provisions
of this Section 6.17. Company shall deliver to Parent in a reasonably timely fashion prior to the Effective Time accurate information
regarding those officers and directors of Company subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act (the Company
Insiders), and the Board of Directors of Parent and of Company, or a committee of non-employee directors thereof (as such term
is defined for purposes of Rule 16b-3(d) under the Exchange Act), shall reasonably promptly thereafter, and in any event prior to the
Effective Time, take all such steps as may be required to cause (in the case of Company) any dispositions of Company Common Stock or Company
Restricted Stock Awards by the Company Insiders, and (in the case of Parent) any acquisitions of Parent Common Stock or Parent Equity
Awards by any Company Insiders who, immediately following the Merger, will be officers or directors of the Surviving Corporation subject
to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, in each case pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
to be exempt from liability pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

63

Section 6.18. 
Tax Cooperation. Parent and Company shall
cooperate and use their respective reasonable best efforts in order for (i) Parent to receive the opinion described in Section 7.02(c)
and (ii) Company to receive the opinion described in Section 7.03(c).

Section 6.19. 
Assumption of Debt Obligations. At the Effective
Time, Parent shall assume the due and punctual payment of the principal of and any premium and interest on Companys 3.50% Fixed-to-Floating
Rate Subordinated Notes due July 15, 2031, and the due and punctual performance of all covenants and conditions thereof on the part of
Company to be performed or observed.

Section 6.20. 
Commitments to the Community. Following the Effective
Time, Parent will maintain similar levels of community involvement to those maintained by Parent and Company in their respective communities
prior to the Effective Time. 

Article
7

Conditions Precedent

Section 7.01. 
Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to Effect the Merger.
The respective obligations of the parties to effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time
of the following conditions:

(a) 
Shareholder Approval. This Agreement and the Company Articles Amendment shall have been approved by the shareholders of
Company by the Requisite Company Vote.

(b) NASDAQ Listing. The shares of Parent Common Stock
that shall be issuable pursuant to this Agreement shall have been authorized for listing on NASDAQ, subject to official notice of issuance.

(c) 
Regulatory Approvals. (i) All Requisite Regulatory Approvals shall have been obtained and shall remain in full force and
effect and all statutory waiting periods in respect thereof shall have expired or been terminated, and (ii) in the case of the obligation
of Parent to effect the Merger, no such Requisite Regulatory Approval shall have resulted in the imposition of any Materially Burdensome
Regulatory Condition.

(d) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No order,
injunction or decree issued by any court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing
the consummation of the Merger shall be in effect. No law, statute, rule, regulation, order, injunction or decree shall have been enacted,
entered, promulgated or enforced by any Governmental Entity which prohibits or makes illegal consummation of the Merger.

64

Section 7.02. 
Conditions to Obligations of Parent. The
obligation of Parent to effect the Merger is also subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by Parent, at or prior to the Effective Time,
of the following conditions:

(a) 
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.02(a) and Section 3.08(a)
(in each case after giving effect to the lead-in to Article 3) shall be true and correct (other than, in the case of Section 3.02(a),
such failures to be true and correct as are de minimis) in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date
as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date, in
which case as of such earlier date). The representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.01(a), Section 3.01(b) (but
only with respect to Company and Company Subsidiary Bank), Section 3.02(b) (but only with respect to Company and Company Subsidiary
Bank), Section 3.03(a) and Section 3.07 (read without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality or Material Adverse
Effect set forth in such representations or warranties but, in each case, after giving effect to the lead-in to Article 3) shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing
Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date). All
other representations and warranties of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank set forth in this Agreement (read without giving effect to
any qualification as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect set forth in such representations or warranties but, in each case, after
giving effect to the lead-in to Article 3) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing
Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date,
in which case as of such earlier date), except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Company or the Surviving Corporation. Parent shall have received a certificate dated as of the Closing Date and signed on behalf of
Company by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of Company to the foregoing effect.

(b) Performance of Obligations of Company and Company Subsidiary
Bank. Each of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank shall have performed in all material respects the obligations, covenants and agreements
required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and Parent shall have received a certificate dated
as of the Closing Date and signed on behalf of Company by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of Company to such
effect.

(c) 
Federal Tax Opinion. Parent shall have received the opinion of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz (or, if Wachtell, Lipton,
Rosen & Katz is unwilling or unable to issue the opinion, a written opinion of another nationally recognized law firm), in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations
and assumptions set forth or referred to in such opinion, the Company Merger will qualify as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In rendering such opinion, counsel may require and rely upon representations contained in certificates
of officers of Parent and Company, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to such counsel.

65

Section 7.03. 
Conditions to Obligations of Company and Company Subsidiary
Bank. The obligation of Company and Company
Subsidiary Bank to effect the Merger is also subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by Company and Company Subsidiary Bank, at or prior
to the Effective Time of the following conditions:

(a) 
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.02(a) and Section 4.08(a)
(in each case, after giving effect to the lead-in to Article 4) shall be true and correct (other than, in the case of Section 4.02(a),
such failures to be true and correct as are de minimis) in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date
as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date, in
which case as of such earlier date). The representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.01(a), Section 4.01(b) (but
only with respect to Parent), Section 4.02(b) (but only with respect to Parent), Section 4.03(a) and Section 4.07 (read
without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect set forth in such representations or warranties
but, in each case, after giving effect to the lead-in to Article 4) shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date
of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations
and warranties speak as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date). All other representations and warranties of Parent
set forth in this Agreement (read without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect set forth in
such representations or warranties but, in each case, after giving effect to the lead-in to Article 4) shall be true and correct in all
respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent
such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), except as has not had and would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Company shall have received a certificate dated as of the Closing
Date and signed on behalf of Parent by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of Parent to the foregoing effect.

(b) Performance of Obligations of Parent. Parent shall
have performed in all material respects the obligations, covenants and agreements required to be performed by it under this Agreement
at or prior to the Closing Date, and Company shall have received a certificate dated as of the Closing Date and signed on behalf of Parent
by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of Parent to such effect.

(c) 
Federal Tax Opinion. Company shall have received the opinion of Troutman Pepper Locke LLP (or, if Troutman Pepper Locke
LLP is unwilling or unable to issue the opinion, a written opinion of another nationally recognized law firm), in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and assumptions
set forth or referred to in such opinion, the Company Merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code. In rendering such opinion, counsel may require and rely upon representations contained in certificates of officers
of Parent and Company, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to such counsel.

66

Article
8

Termination and Amendment

Section 8.01. 
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated
at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after receipt of the Requisite Company Vote:

(a) 
by mutual written consent of Parent and Company;

(b) by either Parent or Company if any Governmental Entity that
must grant a Requisite Regulatory Approval has denied approval of the Merger and such denial has become final and nonappealable, or any
Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall have issued a final and nonappealable order, injunction, decree or other legal restraint
or prohibition permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the Merger, unless, in any such case,
the failure to obtain a Requisite Regulatory Approval shall be due to the failure of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement to
perform or observe the obligations, covenants and agreements of such party set forth herein;

(c) 
by either Parent or Company if the Merger shall not have been consummated on or before April 2, 2026 (the Termination
Date), unless the failure of the Closing to occur by such date shall be due to the failure of the party seeking to terminate
this Agreement to perform or observe the obligations, covenants and agreements of such party set forth herein;

(d) by either Parent or Company (provided, that the terminating
party is not then in material breach of any representation, warranty, obligation, covenant or other agreement contained herein) if there
shall have been a breach of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements or any of the representations or warranties (or any such representation
or warranty shall cease to be true) set forth in this Agreement on the part of Company, in the case of a termination by Parent, or Parent,
in the case of a termination by Company, which breach or failure to be true, either individually or in the aggregate with all other breaches
by such party (or failures of such representations or warranties to be true), would constitute, if occurring or continuing on the Closing
Date, the failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.02, in the case of a termination by Parent, or Section 7.03, in the
case of a termination by Company, and which is not cured within forty-five (45) days following written notice to Company, in the case
of a termination by Parent, or Parent, in the case of a termination by Company, or by its nature or timing cannot be cured during such
period (or such fewer days as remain prior to the Termination Date);

(e) 
by Parent, prior to the receipt of the Requisite Company Vote, if (i) Company or the Board of Directors of Company shall
have made a Recommendation Change or (ii) Company or the Board of Directors of Company shall have breached its obligations under
Section 6.03 or Section 6.13 in any material respect; or

(f) 
by either Parent or Company, if the Requisite Company Vote shall not have been obtained upon a vote thereon taken at the Company
Meeting (including any adjournment or postponement thereof).

67

Section 8.02. 
Effect of Termination.

(a) In the event of termination of this Agreement by either Parent
or Company as provided in Section 8.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, and none of Parent, Company,
any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of the officers or directors of any of them shall have any liability of any nature whatsoever
hereunder, or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, except that (i) Section 6.02(b) (Confidentiality), Section 6.14
(Public Announcements), this Section 8.02 and Article 9 (but, in the case of Section 9.12, only in respect of covenants that
survive termination) shall survive any termination of this Agreement, and (ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Agreement, neither Parent nor Company or Company Subsidiary Bank shall be relieved or released from any liabilities or damages
arising out of its willful and material breach of any provision of this Agreement (including, in the case of Company, the loss of the
premium offered to the shareholders of Company).

(b) 

(i) 
In the event that after the date of this Agreement and prior to the termination of this Agreement, a bona fide Acquisition Proposal
shall have been communicated to or otherwise made known to the Board of Directors or senior management of Company or shall have been
made directly to the shareholders of Company or any person shall have publicly announced (and not withdrawn at least two (2) business
days prior to the Company Meeting) an Acquisition Proposal, in each case with respect to Company and (A) (x) thereafter this Agreement
is terminated by either Parent or Company pursuant to Section 8.01(c) without the Requisite Company Vote having been obtained (and
all other conditions set forth in Section 7.01 and Section 7.03 were satisfied or were capable of being satisfied prior to
such termination), (y) thereafter this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 8.01(d) as a result of a willful breach
or (z) thereafter this Agreement is terminated by either Parent or Company pursuant to Section 8.01(f), and (B) prior to the date
that is twelve (12) months after the date of such termination, Company enters into a definitive agreement or consummates a transaction
with respect to an Acquisition Proposal (whether or not the same Acquisition Proposal as that referred to above), then Company shall,
on the earlier of the date it enters into such definitive agreement and the date of consummation of such transaction, pay Parent, by
wire transfer of same-day funds, a fee equal to $8,200,000 (the Termination Fee); provided, that for purposes
of this Section 8.02(b)(i), all references in the definition of Acquisition Proposal to twenty-five
percent (25%) shall instead refer to fifty percent (50%).

(ii) 
In the event that this Agreement is terminated by (x) Parent pursuant to Section 8.01(e) or (y) either Parent or Company pursuant
to Section 8.01(f) and at such time Parent could have terminated this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(e), then Company shall
pay Parent, by wire transfer of same-day funds, the Termination Fee within two (2) business days of the date of termination.

68

(c) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but without limiting the right of any party to recover liabilities or damages
to the extent permitted herein, in no event shall Company be required to pay the Termination Fee more than once.

(d) Company and Company Subsidiary Bank acknowledge that the
agreements contained in this Section 8.02 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without
these agreements, Parent would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if Company fails promptly to pay the amount due pursuant to
this Section 8.02, and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent commences a suit which results in a judgment against Company for
the Termination Fee or any portion thereof, such non-paying party shall pay the costs and expenses of Parent (including attorneys
fees and expenses) in connection with such suit. In addition, if Company fails to pay the amounts payable pursuant to this Section 8.02,
then Company shall pay interest on such overdue amounts at a rate per annum equal to the prime rate published in the Wall
Street Journal on the date on which such payment was required to be made for the period commencing as of the date that such overdue
amount was originally required to be paid and ending on the date that such overdue amount is actually paid in full.

Article
9

General Provisions

Section 9.01. 
Amendment. Subject to compliance with applicable
law, this Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto at any time before or after the receipt of the Requisite Company Vote; provided
that after the receipt of the Requisite Company Vote, there may not be, without further approval of the shareholders of Company, any amendment
of this Agreement that requires such further approval under applicable law. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument
in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.

Section 9.02. 
Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to
the Effective Time, each of the parties hereto may, to the extent legally allowed, (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of Parent, in the case of Company or Company Subsidiary Bank, or Company or Company Subsidiary Bank, in the
case of Parent, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of Parent, in the case of Company or Company Subsidiary
Bank, or Company or Company Subsidiary Bank, in the case of Parent, contained herein or in any document delivered by such other party
pursuant hereto, and (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or satisfaction of any conditions for its benefit contained herein;
provided that after the receipt of the Requisite Company Vote, there may not be, without further approval of the shareholders of
Company, any extension or waiver of this Agreement or any portion thereof that requires such further approval under applicable law. Any
agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if and to the extent set forth in a written
instrument signed on behalf of such party, but such extension or waiver or failure to insist on strict compliance with an obligation,
covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure.

Section 9.03. 
Nonsurvival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements.
None of the representations, warranties, obligations, covenants and agreements in this Agreement (or in any certificate delivered pursuant
to this Agreement) shall survive the Effective Time, except for Section 6.07 and for those other obligations, covenants and agreements
contained herein which by their terms apply in whole or in part after the Effective Time.

69

Section 9.04. 
Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
shall be paid by the party incurring such expense; provided that the costs, fees and expenses of printing and mailing the Proxy
Statement and all filing and other fees paid to Governmental Entities in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby shall be borne equally by Parent and Company.

Section 9.05. 
Notices. All notices and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, by e-mail transmission (provided that no transmission
error is received), mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) or delivered by an express courier (with confirmation)
to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

(a) 
if to Company or Company Subsidiary Bank, to each of:

Old Point Financial Corporation

101 East Queen Street

Hampton, VA 23669

Attention: Robert F. Shuford Jr.

Andrew Buxbaum

Email: rshuford@oldpoint.com

abuxbaum@oldpoint.com

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Troutman Pepper Locke LLP

1001 Haxall Point Suite 1500

Richmond, VA 23219

Attention: Seth A. Winter

Gregory Parisi

E-mail: seth.winter@troutman.com

gregory.parisi@troutman.com

70

and

(b) if to Parent, to each of: 

G.
Robert Aston, Jr.

Executive
Chairman

TowneBank

6001
Harbour View Boulevard

Suffolk,
VA 23425

John
M. Oakey III, Esq.

EVP
and Deputy Chief Legal Officer

TowneBank

800
East Canal Street, Suite 700

Richmond,
VA 23219

Email:
jay.oakey@townebank.net

With
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Wachtell,
Lipton, Rosen & Katz

51
West 52nd Street

New York, NY 10019

Attention: Matthew M. Guest

Eric M. Feinstein

E-mail: mguest@wlrk.com

emfeinstein@wlrk.com

Section 9.06. 
Interpretation. The parties have participated
jointly in negotiating and drafting this Agreement. In the event that an ambiguity or a question of intent or interpretation arises, this
Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring
any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to Articles, Sections,
Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be to an Article or Section of or Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.
The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used
in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The word or shall
not be exclusive. References to the date hereof shall mean the date of this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the knowledge
of Company means the actual knowledge of any of the officers of Company listed on Section 9.06 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
and the knowledge of Parent means the actual knowledge of any of the officers of Parent listed on Section 9.06 of the
Parent Disclosure Schedule. As used herein, (i) the term person means any individual, corporation (including
not-for-profit), general or limited partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization, Governmental
Entity or other entity of any kind or nature, (ii) an affiliate of a specified person is any person that directly
or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified person, (iii) the term made available
means any document or other information that was (a) provided by one party or its Representatives to the other party and its Representatives
at least one (1) day prior to the date hereof, (b) included in the virtual data room of a party at least one (1) day prior to the date
hereof or (c) filed by Company with the SEC or Parent with the FDIC and publicly available on EDGAR or the FDICs website, as applicable,
at least one (1) day prior to the date hereof and (iv) the term business day means any day other than a Saturday,
a Sunday or a day on which banks in the Commonwealth of Virginia are authorized by law or executive order to be closed. Nothing contained
herein shall require any party or person to take any action in violation of applicable law.

71

Section 9.07. 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
in counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed
by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.

Section 9.08. 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including
the documents and instruments referred to herein) together with the Confidentiality Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the
parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof.

Section 9.09. 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction.

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to any applicable conflicts of law principles.

(b) Each party agrees that it will bring any action or proceeding
in respect of any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby exclusively in any federal
or state court of competent jurisdiction located in the Commonwealth of Virginia (the Chosen Courts), and, solely
in connection with claims arising under this Agreement or the transactions that are the subject of this Agreement, (i) irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (ii) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or proceeding
in the Chosen Courts, (iii) waives any objection that the Chosen Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over
any party and (iv) agrees that service of process upon such party in any such action or proceeding will be effective if notice is
given in accordance with Section 9.05.

Section 9.10. 
Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES
AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE
EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AT THE TIME OF INSTITUTION OF THE APPLICABLE
LITIGATION, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION,
SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (II) EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (III) EACH
PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (IV) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE
MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.10.

Section 9.11. 
Assignment; Third-Party Beneficiaries.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto (whether
by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party. Any purported assignment in contravention hereof
shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by the parties and their respective successors and assigns. This Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to herein)
is not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder, including the right to rely
upon the representations and warranties set forth herein, except as otherwise specifically provided in Section 6.07. The representations
and warranties in this Agreement are the product of negotiations among the parties hereto and are for the sole benefit of the parties.
Any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties are subject to waiver by the parties hereto in accordance herewith without notice
or liability to any other person. In some instances, the representations and warranties in this Agreement may represent an allocation
among the parties hereto of risks associated with particular matters regardless of the knowledge of any of the parties hereto. Consequently,
persons other than the parties may not rely upon the representations and warranties in this Agreement as characterizations of actual facts
or circumstances as of the date of this Agreement or as of any other date.

72

Section 9.12. 
Specific Performance. The parties hereto
agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and,
accordingly, that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement
or to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions hereof (including the parties obligation to consummate the
Merger), in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. Each of the parties hereby further waives (a)
any defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate and (b) any requirement under any law to post
security or a bond as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief.

Section 9.13. 
Severability. Whenever possible, each provision
or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but
if any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any
applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or portion
of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction such that the
invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion thereof shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.

Section 9.14. 
Confidential Supervisory Information. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, no disclosure, representation or warranty shall be made (or other action taken) pursuant to this
Agreement that would involve the disclosure of confidential supervisory information (including confidential supervisory information as
defined in 12 C.F.R. 261.2(b)(1) and as identified in 12 C.F.R. 309.5(g)(8)) of a Governmental Entity by any party to this
Agreement to the extent prohibited by applicable law. To the extent legally permissible, appropriate substitute disclosures or actions
shall be made or taken under circumstances in which the limitations of the preceding sentence apply.

Section 9.15. 
Delivery by Electronic Transmission. This
Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Agreement, and any amendments or waivers hereto
or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, shall be treated in all manner
and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original
signed version thereof delivered in person. No party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the e-mail delivery of
a .pdf format data file to deliver a signature to this Agreement or any amendment hereto or the fact that any signature
or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file as a defense
to the formation of a contract and each party hereto forever waives any such defense.

[Signature
Page Follows]

73

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Company, Company Subsidiary
Bank and Parent have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first
above written.

OLD POINT FINANCIAL CORPORATION

By: /s/ Robert F. Shuford Jr.

Name: Robert F. Shuford Jr.

Title: Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

THE OLD POINT NATIONAL BANK OF PHOEBUS

By: /s/ Robert F. Shuford Jr.

Name: Robert F. Shuford Jr.

Title: Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

TOWNEBANK

By: /s/ G. Robert Aston, Jr.

Name: G. Robert Aston, Jr.

Title: Executive Chairman

[Signature Page to Agreement
and Plan of Merger]

Exhibit A

Form
of Company Support Agreement

[Attached]

SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This
Support Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of April 2, 2025, is entered into by and between TowneBank, a
Virginia banking corporation (Parent), and the undersigned shareholder (the Shareholder) of
Old Point Financial Corporation, a Virginia corporation (Company).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as the same may be amended, supplemented or modified, the Merger
Agreement), dated as of the date hereof, by and among Parent, Company and The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus, a
nationally chartered banking association and wholly owned subsidiary of Company (Company Subsidiary Bank), (i) Company
will be merged with and into Parent and (ii) immediately thereafter and contemporaneously therewith, Company Subsidiary Bank will be merged
with and into Parent (clauses (i) and (ii), together, the Merger), with Parent as the surviving corporation in the
Merger;

WHEREAS, as of the date of
this Agreement, the Shareholder owns beneficially or of record, and has the sole power to vote or direct the voting of, the shares of
common stock, par value $5.00 per share, of Company (the Common Stock) as set forth on Schedule A hereto
(all such shares, the Existing Shares), and owns beneficially or of record, and has the shared power to vote or direct
the voting of, the shares of Common Stock as set forth on Schedule A hereto (the Additional Shares);

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
of each of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank has unanimously (i) determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment, are in the best interests of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank and
their respective shareholders, and declared that the Merger Agreement is advisable, and (ii) adopted the Merger Agreement and the Company
Articles Amendment and approved the execution, delivery and performance by Company of the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment; and

WHEREAS, the Shareholder is
supportive of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment,
and has determined that it is in his, her or its best interests to enter into this Agreement to provide for his, her or its support for
the Merger Agreement and such transactions, and this Agreement is further a condition and inducement for Parent to enter into the Merger
Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing, the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Definitions. Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement have the meanings assigned
to those terms in the Merger Agreement.

2. Effectiveness; Termination. This Agreement shall be effective upon signing. This Agreement
shall automatically terminate and be null and void and of no effect upon the earlier to occur of the following: (a) termination of the
Merger Agreement for any reason in accordance with its terms or (b) the Effective Time; provided that (i) this Section 2
and Sections 12 through 19 hereof shall survive any such termination and (ii) such termination shall not relieve any party
of any liability or damages resulting from any willful or material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other
agreements set forth herein.

3. Support Agreement. From the date hereof until the earlier of (a) the Closing or (b) the
termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms (the Support Period), the Shareholder irrevocably
and unconditionally hereby agrees that at any meeting (whether annual or special and each postponement, recess, adjournment or continuation
thereof) of Companys shareholders, however called, and in connection with any written consent of Companys shareholders,
the Shareholder shall (i) appear at such meeting or otherwise cause all of the Shareholders Existing Shares and all other shares
of Common Stock or voting securities over which the Shareholder has acquired, after the date hereof, beneficial or record ownership and
the sole power to vote or direct the voting thereof (including any such shares of Common Stock acquired by means of purchase, dividend
or distribution, or issued upon the exercise of any stock options to acquire Common Stock, vesting of any Company Restricted Stock Awards
or the conversion of any convertible securities, or pursuant to any other equity awards or derivative securities or otherwise) (together
with the Existing Shares, but subject to the exclusion set forth in the final sentence of this Section 3, the Shares),
as of the applicable record date, to be counted as present thereat for purposes of calculating a quorum, and (ii) vote or cause to
be voted (including by proxy or written consent, if applicable) all such Shares (A) in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and
the Company Articles Amendment, (B) in favor of any proposal to adjourn or postpone such meeting of Companys shareholders to a
later date if there are not sufficient votes to approve the Merger Agreement or the Company Articles Amendment, (C) against any Acquisition
Proposal, and (D) against any action, proposal, transaction, agreement or amendment of the Company Articles or Company Bylaws, in each
case of this clause (D), which would reasonably be expected to (1) result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any
other obligation or agreement of Company contained in the Merger Agreement, or of the Shareholder contained in this Agreement or (2) prevent,
impede, delay, interfere with, postpone, discourage or frustrate the purposes of or adversely affect the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment. The Shareholder agrees to exercise all
voting or other determination rights the Shareholder has in any trust or other legal entity to carry out the intent and purposes of the
Shareholders obligations in this paragraph and otherwise set forth in this Agreement. The Shareholder represents, covenants and
agrees that, except for this Agreement, the Shareholder (x) has not entered into, and shall not enter into during the Support Period,
any support or voting agreement or voting trust or similar agreement with respect to the Shares that would be inconsistent with the Shareholders
obligations under this Agreement and (y) has not granted, and shall not grant during the Support Period, a proxy, consent or power of
attorney with respect to the Shares, except any proxy to carry out the intent of and the Shareholders obligations under this Agreement
and any revocable proxy granted to officers or directors of Company at the request of the Company Board of Directors in connection with
election of directors or other routine matters at any annual or special meeting of the Company shareholders. The Shareholder represents,
covenants and agrees that he, she or it has not entered into and will not enter into any agreement or commitment with any person the effect
of which would be inconsistent with or otherwise violate any of the provisions and agreements set forth herein; provided that nothing
in this sentence will prohibit any Permitted Transfer. With respect to the Additional Shares and any other shares of Common Stock over
which the Shareholder has shared voting power, the Shareholder shall exercise his, her or its individual voting power over such shares,
to the extent within his, her or its control, in a manner consistent with the Shareholders voting obligations under this Agreement
with respect to the Shares, it being understood that the Shareholder shall not have the power to cause other persons to exercise their
voting power accordingly. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Shares shall not include any securities beneficially
owned by Shareholder as a trustee or fiduciary for the benefit of a person other than the Shareholder.

2

4. Non-Solicitation. The Shareholder hereby agrees, and agrees to cause his, her or its controlled
Affiliates (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include Company or any of its Subsidiaries) and his, her or its and their respective
Representatives not to, take any action which, were it taken by Company or its Representatives, would violate Section 6.13 of the Merger
Agreement, it being understood that any action in compliance with Section 6.13 of the Merger Agreement shall not be deemed a breach by
the Shareholder of this Section 4.

5. Transfer Restrictions Prior to the Merger. The Shareholder hereby agrees that the Shareholder
will not, from the date hereof until the earlier of (a) the end of the Support Period and (b) approval of the Merger Agreement and the
Company Articles Amendment by the shareholders of Company by the Requisite Company Vote, directly or indirectly, offer for sale, sell,
transfer, assign, give, convey, tender in any tender or exchange offer, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or dispose of (by merger, by testamentary
disposition, by operation of law or otherwise), either voluntarily or involuntarily, enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers
to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of, or enter into any contract, option or other arrangement
or understanding with respect to the sale, transfer, assignment, conveyance, hypothecation or other transfer or disposition of, any of
the Shares, or any legal or beneficial interest therein, whether or not for value and whether voluntary or involuntary or by operation
of law (any of the foregoing, a Transfer); provided, that the Shareholder may Transfer Shares (i) to any of
its Affiliates, (ii) to any other Person to whom Parent has consented with respect to a Transfer by the Shareholder in advance in writing,
(iii) to (A) any Family Member (as defined below) of the Shareholder or to a trust solely for the benefit of the Shareholder and/or any
Family Member of the Shareholder or (B) upon the death of the Shareholder pursuant to the terms of any trust or will of the Shareholder
or by the applicable laws of intestate succession; provided that (x) in the case of clause (i), such Affiliate shall remain an
Affiliate of the Shareholder at all times following such Transfer and (y) in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), so long as the transferee,
prior to the date of Transfer, agrees in a signed writing to be bound by and comply with the provisions of this Agreement with respect
to such Transferred Shares, and the Shareholder provides at least three (3) business days prior written notice (or in the case
of a Transfer pursuant to clause (iii)(B), as promptly as reasonably practicable after such Transfer) (which shall include the written
consent of the transferee in form reasonably acceptable to Parent agreeing to be bound by and comply with the provisions of this Agreement)
to Parent, in which case the Shareholder (except in the case of the Shareholders death) shall remain responsible for any breach
of this Agreement by such transferee and (iv) to the extent set forth on Schedule B hereto (any Transfer permitted in accordance
with this Section 5, a Permitted Transfer). In the event of any Transfer that would qualify as a Permitted
Transfer under more than one of clauses (i) through (iv), the Shareholder may elect the clause to which such Transfer is subject for purposes
of complying with this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the term Family Member means (I) Shareholder and Shareholders
spouse, individually, (II) any descendant, niece or nephew of Shareholder or Shareholders spouse, (III) any charitable organization
created and primarily funded by any one or more individuals described in the foregoing (I) or (II), (IV) any estate, trust, guardianship,
custodianship or other fiduciary arrangement for the primary benefit of any one or more individuals or organizations described in the
foregoing (I), (II) or (III), and (V) any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business organization controlled
by and substantially all of the interests in which are owned, directly or indirectly, by any one or more individuals or organizations
named or described in the foregoing (I), (II), (III) or (IV). With respect to the Additional Shares and any other shares of Common Stock
over which the Shareholder has shared disposition power, the Shareholder agrees to exercise Shareholders individual disposition
power over such shares, to the extent within his, her or its control, in a manner consistent with the Shareholders restrictions
on Transfer under this Agreement with respect to the Shares, it being understood that the Shareholder shall not have the power to cause
other persons to restrict their disposition power accordingly.1

1 Support agreement
with PL Capital to include cash election provision.

3

6. Representations of the Shareholder. The Shareholder represents and warrants as follows:
(a) the Shareholder has full legal right, capacity and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform the Shareholders
obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (b) this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by the Shareholder and constitutes a valid and legally binding agreement of the Shareholder, enforceable against the Shareholder
in accordance with its terms, and no other action is necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder
or the performance of the Shareholders obligations hereunder; (c) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder
does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and the compliance with the provisions hereof will not, conflict
with or violate any law or result in any breach of or violation of, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of
time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or
result in the creation of a Lien on any of the Shares pursuant to, any agreement or other instrument or obligation binding upon the Shareholder
or the Shares, nor require any authorization, consent or approval of, or filing with, any Governmental Entity (other than an amendment
to such Shareholders Schedule 13D or 13G filed with the SEC, if applicable); (d) the Shareholder beneficially owns and has the
sole power to vote or direct the voting of the Shares, including all of the Shareholders Existing Shares as set forth on, and in
the amounts set forth on, Schedule A hereto, which as of the date hereof constitute all of the shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Shareholder and over which the Shareholder, directly or indirectly, has sole voting and dispositive authority; (e) the Shareholder
beneficially owns the Shareholders Existing Shares as set forth on Schedule A hereto free and clear of any proxy,
voting restriction, adverse claim or other Lien (other than any restrictions created by this Agreement, or under applicable federal or
state securities laws, or disclosed on the Shareholders Schedule 13D or 13G filed with the SEC, if applicable); and (f) the Shareholder
has read and is familiar with the terms of the Merger Agreement and the other agreements and documents contemplated herein and therein.
The Shareholder agrees that the Shareholder shall not take any action that would make any representation or warranty of the Shareholder
contained herein untrue or incorrect or have the effect of preventing, impairing, delaying or adversely affecting the performance by the
Shareholder of the Shareholders obligations under this Agreement; provided that nothing in this sentence will prohibit any
Permitted Transfer. As used in this Agreement, the terms beneficial owner, beneficially own
and beneficial ownership shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act).

4

7. Publicity. The Shareholder hereby authorizes Company and Parent to publish and disclose
in any announcement or disclosure in connection with the Merger, including in the Proxy Statement, the Offering Circular or any other
filing with any Governmental Entity made in connection with the Merger, the Shareholders identity and ownership of the Shareholders
Shares, the nature of the Shareholders obligations under this Agreement and such other information required in connection with
such disclosure; provided that, prior to any such announcement or disclosure, as well as any other disclosure that references the
Shareholder (individually or as part of a group), Company and/or Parent, as applicable, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide
the Shareholder with the opportunity to review and comment on any references to the Shareholder generally in such announcement or disclosure
and consider such comments in good faith. The Shareholder agrees to notify Parent as promptly as practicable of any inaccuracies or omissions
in any information relating to the Shareholder that is so published or disclosed. The Shareholder shall not be permitted to make any public
statement to the effect that Shareholder does not, or that other shareholders of the Company should not, support the Merger Agreement
or the transactions contemplated thereby.

8. Stock Dividends, Etc. In the event of any change in the Common Stock by reason of any reclassification,
recapitalization, reorganization, stock split (including a reverse stock split) or subdivision or combination, exchange or readjustment
of shares, or any stock dividend or stock distribution, merger or other similar change in capitalization, the terms Existing Shares
and Additional Shares shall be deemed to refer to and include such shares as well as all such stock dividends and distributions
and any securities into which or for which any or all of such shares may be changed or exchanged or which are received in such transaction.

9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and, to the extent referenced herein, the Merger Agreement
constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all other prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Nothing in this Agreement shall,
or shall be construed or deemed to, constitute a Transfer of any Shares or Additional Shares or any legal or beneficial interest in or
voting or other control over any of the Shares or Additional Shares or as creating or forming a group for purposes of the
Exchange Act, and all rights, ownership and benefits of and relating to the Shares shall remain vested in and belong to the Shareholder,
subject to the agreements of the parties set forth herein. This Agreement is intended to create, and creates, a contractual relationship
and is not intended to create, and does not create, any agency, partnership, joint venture or other like relationship between the parties.

10. Assignment; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation
of law or otherwise and, except as provided herein, shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto and is
not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.

5

11. Remedies/Specific Enforcement. Each of the parties hereto agrees that this Agreement is
intended to be legally binding and specifically enforceable pursuant to its terms and that each party would be irreparably harmed if any
of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms and that monetary damages would not provide
an adequate remedy in such event. Accordingly, in the event of any breach or threatened breach by any party of any provision contained
in this Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which the other parties may be entitled whether at law or in equity (including monetary
damages), each other party shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement and to
specifically enforce the terms and provisions hereof, and each party hereby waives any defense in any action for specific performance
or an injunction or other equitable relief that a remedy at law would be adequate. Each party further agrees that no party shall
be required to obtain, furnish or post any bond or similar instrument in connection with or as a condition to obtaining any remedy referred
to in this paragraph, and each party irrevocably waives any right such party may have to require the obtaining, furnishing or posting
of any such bond or similar instrument.

12. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Venue. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance
with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to any applicable conflict of law principles. Each of the parties hereto
agrees that it will bring any action or proceeding in respect of any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby exclusively in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction located in the Commonwealth of Virginia (the Chosen
Courts), and, solely in connection with claims arising under this Agreement or the transactions that are the subject of this
Agreement, (i) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (ii) waives any objection to laying venue in any
such action or proceeding in the Chosen Courts, (iii) waives any objection that the Chosen Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not
have jurisdiction over any party and (iv) agrees that service of process upon such party in any such action or proceeding will be effective
if notice is given in accordance with Section 13.

13. Notice. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given if delivered personally, by e-mail transmission (provided that no transmission error is received), mailed by registered or
certified mail (return receipt requested) or delivered by an express courier (with confirmation), if to the Shareholder, to his, her or
its address set forth on the signature pages hereto, and if to Parent, to the following addresses (or at such other address for a party
as shall be specified by like notice):

6

G. Robert Aston, Jr.

Executive Chairman

TowneBank

6001 Harbour View Boulevard

Suffolk, VA 23425

John M. Oakey III, Esq.

EVP and Deputy Chief Legal Officer

TowneBank

800 East Canal Street, Suite 700

Richmond, VA 23219

Email: jay.oakey@townebank.net

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz

51 West 52nd Street

New York, NY 10019

Attention: Matthew M. Guest

Eric M. Feinstein

E-mail: mguest@wlrk.com

emfeinstein@wlrk.com

14. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement
shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision or portion of any provision
of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction,
such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction,
and this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction such that the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision
or portion thereof shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.

15. Amendments; Waivers. Any provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified or waived
if, and only if, such amendment, modification or waiver is in writing and signed (a) in the case of an amendment or modification,
by Parent and the Shareholder, and (b) in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. No failure
or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

16. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY
ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AT THE TIME OF INSTITUTION OF THE APPLICABLE LITIGATION, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES
AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH
OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER; (II) THE PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED
THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER; (III) THE PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY; AND (IV) THE PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 16.

7

17. No Representative Capacity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement
applies solely to the Shareholder in the Shareholders capacity as a shareholder of Company, and, to the extent the Shareholder
serves as a member of the board of directors or as an officer of Company, nothing in this Agreement shall limit or affect any actions
or omissions taken by the Shareholder in the Shareholders capacity as a director or officer and not as a shareholder.

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other
parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.

19. Delivery by Electronic Transmission. This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument
entered into in connection with this Agreement, and any amendments or waivers hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by
e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument
and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. No
party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file to deliver
a signature to this Agreement or any amendment hereto or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated
through the e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file as a defense to the formation of a contract and each party hereto
forever waives any such defense.

[Signature pages follow]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the parties
and is effective as of the date first set forth above:

TOWNEBANK

By: 

Name: G. Robert
Aston, Jr.

Title: Executive Chairman

SHAREHOLDER:2

Name:

Address for Notices:

[]

2 Shareholder is executing this Agreement in all capacities in which the Shareholder has, or may in the future have, voting and/or disposition
power with respect to shares of Common Stock.

Schedule
A

Existing Share Information

Name of Holder Existing Shares 

Additional Share Information
3

Name of Holder Additional Shares 

3 Based on best available
information as of March 31, 2025.

Schedule
B

Permitted Transfers

1. Sales
to satisfy any Tax liability incurred by the Shareholder in respect of vesting of Company Restricted Stock Awards held by Shareholder.

Exhibit B

Plan
of Merger

[Attached]

PLAN OF MERGER

AMONG

TOWNEBANK

OLD POINT FINANCIAL CORPORATION

AND

The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus

Pursuant to this Plan of Merger (Plan
of Merger), Old Point Financial Corporation, a Virginia corporation (Company), and The Old Point National
Bank of Phoebus, a nationally chartered banking association and wholly owned subsidiary of Company (Company Subsidiary Bank),
shall merge with and into TowneBank, a Virginia banking corporation (Parent).

Article
1

Terms of the Merger

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 3, 2025, by and among Parent, Company and Company Subsidiary Bank (the Agreement),
at the Effective Time (as defined herein), Company and Company Subsidiary Bank shall be merged with and into Parent (the Merger)
in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act (the VSCA) and applicable law, and with the
effect set forth in the applicable provisions of the VSCA, Section 6.2-822.C of the Code of Virginia and applicable law. The separate
corporate existence of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank thereupon shall cease, and Parent shall be the surviving corporation in the
Merger (hereinafter sometimes referred to in such capacity as the Surviving Corporation). The Merger shall become
effective on such date and time as specified in the filed articles of merger meeting the requirements of Section 13.1-720 of the VSCA,
including the Plan of Merger, with the Virginia State Corporation Commission (VSCC) or at such later time as shall
be provided by applicable law (the Effective Time).

Article
2

Merger Consideration; Exchange Procedures

2.1Conversion of Company Common Stock.

At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of Parent, Company or Company Subsidiary Bank or their respective shareholders:

(a)Subject to Section 2.4, Section 2.5 and Section 2.7(e), each share of the common stock, par value $5.00 per share, of Company issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (the Company Common Stock), except for shares of Company
Common Stock owned by Company (in each case other than shares of Company Common Stock (x) held in trust accounts, managed accounts,
mutual funds and the like, or otherwise held in a fiduciary or agency capacity that are beneficially owned by third parties or (y) held,
directly or indirectly, by Company in respect of debts previously contracted), shall be converted into the right to receive the following,
without interest:

(i)For each share of Company Common Stock with respect to which an election to receive cash (a Cash Election)
has been effectively made and not revoked or deemed revoked pursuant to Section 2.5 (collectively, the Cash Election Shares),
an amount in cash equal to the Per Share Cash Consideration (the Cash Consideration);

(ii)For each share of Company Common Stock with respect to which an election to receive Parent Common Stock (a Stock Election)
has been effectively made and not revoked or deemed revoked pursuant to Section 2.5 (collectively, the Stock Election Shares),
a number of shares of common stock, par value $1.667, of Parent (the Parent Common Stock), equal to the Exchange
Ratio (as defined herein) (the Stock Consideration); and

(iii)For each share of Company Common Stock other than shares as to which a Cash Election or a Stock Election has been effectively made
and not revoked or deemed revoked pursuant to Section 2.5 (collectively the Non-Election Shares), the right to receive
such Stock Consideration or Cash Consideration as is determined in accordance with Section 2.4.

(b)For purposes of this Plan of Merger, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(i)The Exchange Ratio means 1.14.

(ii)The Merger Consideration means the Cash Consideration and/or Stock Consideration described in Section
2.1(a), as applicable.

(iii)The Per Share Cash Consideration means $41.00.

(c)All of the shares of Company Common Stock converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to this Section
2.1 shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist as of the Effective Time, and each certificate
(each, an Old Certificate, it being understood that any reference herein to Old Certificate
shall be deemed to include reference to book-entry account statements relating to the ownership of shares of Company Common Stock) previously
representing any such shares of Company Common Stock shall thereafter represent only the right to receive (i) the Cash Consideration and/or
the Stock Consideration which the holder thereof shall have become entitled to receive in accordance with, and subject to, Section 2.1(a),
(ii) cash in lieu of fractional shares which the holder thereof shall have become entitled to receive pursuant to Section 2.7(e)
and (iii) any dividends or distributions which the holder thereof shall have become entitled to receive pursuant to Section 2.7(b),
in each case, without any interest thereon. If, prior to the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock or Company
Common Stock shall have been increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or securities as
a result of a reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split or reverse stock split, or there shall be
any extraordinary dividend or distribution, an appropriate and proportionate adjustment shall be made to the Merger Consideration to give
Parent and the holders of Company Common Stock the same economic effect as contemplated by this Plan of Merger prior to such event; provided
that nothing contained in this sentence shall be construed to permit Company or Parent to take any action with respect to its securities
or otherwise that is prohibited by the terms of the Agreement.

2

(d)Notwithstanding anything in this Plan of Merger to the contrary, at the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock that
are owned by Company (in each case other than shares of Company Common Stock (i) held in trust accounts, managed accounts, mutual
funds and the like, or otherwise held in a fiduciary or agency capacity that are beneficially owned by third parties or (ii) held,
directly or indirectly, by Company in respect of debts previously contracted) shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist and no Merger
Consideration or other consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

2.2Company Subsidiary Bank Stock.

At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of Parent, Company or Company Subsidiary Bank or their respective shareholders, each share of common
stock, par value $5.00 per share, of Company Subsidiary Bank, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall automatically
be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

2.3Parent Stock.

At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of Parent, Company or Company Subsidiary Bank or their respective shareholders, each share of Parent
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain an issued and outstanding share of Parent Common
Stock and shall not be affected by the Merger; it being understood that upon the Effective Time, the Parent Common Stock, including the
shares issued to former holders of Company Common Stock, shall be the common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

2.4Proration.

(a)Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Plan of Merger, the total number of shares of Company Common Stock (including
shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards (as defined herein), but excluding the shares of Company Common Stock to be cancelled
as provided in Section 2.1(d)) to be entitled to receive the Stock Consideration pursuant to Section 2.1(a) shall be equal to (i) no less
than the product (rounded down to the nearest whole share) obtained by multiplying (x) 0.5 by (y) the total number of shares of Company
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including for these purposes the shares subject to Company
Restricted Stock Awards, but excluding the shares of Company Common Stock to be cancelled as provided in Section 2.1(d)) (the Minimum
Stock Conversion Number) and (ii) no more than the product (rounded down to the nearest whole share) obtained by multiplying
(x) 0.6 by (y) the total number of shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including
for these purposes the shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards, but excluding the shares of Company Common Stock to be cancelled
as provided in Section 2.1(d)) (the Maximum Stock Conversion Number). All other shares of Company Common Stock entitled
to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 2.1(a) (including shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards, but excluding
the shares of Company Common Stock to be cancelled as provided in Section 2.1(d)) shall be converted into the right to receive the Cash
Consideration.

3

(b)Promptly (and in any event no later than five (5) business days) after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent
(as defined herein) to effect the allocation among holders of Company Common Stock and Company Restricted Stock Awards of rights to receive
the Cash Consideration and the Stock Consideration as follows:

(i)If the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock (including shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards) with respect
to which Stock Elections shall have been made (the Stock Election Number) is no less than the Minimum Stock Conversion
Number but no more than the Maximum Stock Conversion Number, then all Cash Election Shares and all Non-Election Shares shall be converted
into the right to receive the Cash Consideration, and Stock Election Shares of each holder thereof shall be converted into the right to
receive the Stock Consideration;

(ii)If the Stock Election Number exceeds the Maximum Stock Conversion Number, then all Cash Election Shares and all Non-Election Shares
shall be converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration, and Stock Election Shares of each holder thereof shall be converted
into the right to receive the Stock Consideration in respect of that number of Stock Election Shares equal to the product obtained by
multiplying

(A) the number of Stock Election Shares held by such holder by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Maximum Stock Conversion
Number and the denominator of which is the Stock Election Number (with the Exchange Agent to determine, consistent with Section 2.4(a),
whether fractions of Stock Election Shares shall be rounded up or down), with the remaining number of such holders Stock Election
Shares being converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration; and

(iii)If the Stock Election Number is less than the Minimum Stock Conversion Number (the amount by which the Minimum Stock Conversion
Number exceeds the Stock Election Number being referred to herein as the Shortfall Number), then all Stock Election
Shares shall be converted into the right to receive the Stock Consideration and the Non-Election Shares and Cash Election Shares shall
be treated in the following manner:

(A)If the Shortfall Number is less than or equal to the number of Non-Election Shares, then all Cash Election Shares shall be converted
into the right to receive the Cash Consideration, and the Non-Election Shares of each holder thereof shall be converted into the right
to receive the Stock Consideration in respect of that number of Non-Election Shares equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the
number of Non-Election Shares held by such holder by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Shortfall Number and the denominator
of which is the total number of Non-Election Shares (with the Exchange Agent to determine, consistent with Section 2.4(a), whether fractions
of Non-Election Shares shall be rounded up or down), with the remaining number of such holders Non-Election Shares being converted
into the right to receive the Cash Consideration; or

(B)If the Shortfall Number exceeds the number of Non-Election Shares, then all Non-Election Shares shall be converted into the right
to receive the Stock Consideration, and Cash Election Shares of each holder thereof shall be converted into the right to receive the Stock
Consideration in respect of that number of Cash Election Shares equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the number of Cash Election
Shares held by such holder by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount by which the Shortfall Number exceeds the total number
of Non-Election Shares, and the denominator of which is the total number of Cash Election Shares (with the Exchange Agent to determine,
consistent with Section 2.4(a), whether fractions of Cash Election Shares shall be rounded up or down), with the remaining number of such
holders Cash Election Shares being converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration.

4

2.5Election Procedures.

Each holder of record of shares of Company Common
Stock and Company Restricted Stock Awards to be converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration and/or the Stock Consideration
in accordance with, and subject to, Section 2.1(a) (a Holder) shall have the right, subject to the limitations set
forth in this Article 2 and except as otherwise may be agreed by such Holder and Parent, to submit an election in accordance with the
following procedures:

(a)Each Holder may specify in a request made in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.5 (herein called an Election)
(i) the number of shares of Company Common Stock owned by such Holder (or subject to such Company Restricted Stock Awards) with respect
to which such Holder desires to make a Stock Election and (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock owned by such Holder (or subject
to such Company Restricted Stock Awards) with respect to which such Holder desires to make a Cash Election.

(b)Parent shall prepare a form reasonably acceptable to Company, including appropriate and customary transmittal materials in such
form as prepared by Parent and reasonably acceptable to Company (the Form of Election), so as to permit Holders to
exercise their right to make an Election, and shall make such form available to Company for review not less than five (5) business days
prior to its first distribution to Holders.

(c)Parent (i) shall initially make available and mail the Form of Election not less than twenty (20) business days prior to the anticipated
Election Deadline (as defined herein) to Holders of record as of the business day prior to such mailing date, and (ii) following such
mailing date, shall use all reasonable efforts to make available as promptly as possible a Form of Election to any shareholder or holder
of Company Restricted Stock Awards who requests such Form of Election prior to the Election Deadline. The time period between such mailing
date and the Election Deadline is referred to herein as the Election Period.

(d)Any Election shall have been made properly only if the Exchange Agent shall have received, during the Election Period, a Form of
Election properly completed and signed (including duly executed transmittal materials included in the Form of Election) and accompanied
by any Old Certificates representing all certificated shares to which such Form of Election relates or by an appropriate customary guarantee
of delivery of such Old Certificates, as set forth in such Form of Election, from a member of any registered national securities exchange
or a commercial bank or trust company in the United States. As used herein, unless otherwise agreed in advance by the parties, Election
Deadline means 5:00 p.m. local time (in the city in which the principal office of the Exchange Agent is located) on the date
which the parties shall agree is as near as practicable to two (2) business days preceding the closing date of the Merger. The parties
shall cooperate to issue a press release reasonably satisfactory to each of them announcing the date of the Election Deadline not more
than fifteen (15) business days prior to, and at least five (5) business days prior to, the Election Deadline.

5

(e)Any Holder may, at any time during the Election Period, change or revoke his or her Election by written notice to the Exchange
Agent prior to the Election Deadline accompanied by a properly completed and signed revised Form of Election. If any Election is not properly
made with respect to any shares of Company Common Stock or any shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards (none of Parent, Company
nor the Exchange Agent being under any duty to notify any Holder of any such defect), such Election shall be deemed to be not in effect,
and the shares of Company Common Stock or any shares subject to Company Restricted Stock Awards covered by such Election shall, for purposes
hereof, be deemed to be Non-Election Shares, unless a proper Election is thereafter timely made.

(f)Any Holder may, at any time during the Election Period, revoke his or her Election by written notice received by the Exchange Agent
prior to the Election Deadline or by withdrawal prior to the Election Deadline of his or her Old Certificates, or of the guarantee of
delivery of such Old Certificates, previously deposited with the Exchange Agent. All Elections shall be automatically deemed revoked upon
receipt by the Exchange Agent of written notification from the parties that this Plan of Merger has been terminated in accordance with
the terms hereof.

(g)Subject to the terms of this Plan of Merger and the Form of Election, Parent, in the exercise of its reasonable, good-faith discretion,
shall have the right to make all determinations, not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan of Merger, governing the validity of the
Forms of Election and compliance by any Holder with the Election procedures set forth herein.

2.6Parent to Make Consideration Available.

At or prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall
deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with a bank or trust company designated by Parent and reasonably acceptable to Company (the Exchange
Agent), for exchange in accordance with this Article 2 for the benefit of the holders of Old Certificates, (a) evidence in
book-entry form representing shares of Parent Common Stock sufficient to deliver the aggregate Stock Consideration to be issued pursuant
to Section 2.1(a), and (b) cash in an amount sufficient to pay (i) the aggregate Cash Consideration payable pursuant to Section 2.1(a)
and (ii) cash in lieu of any fractional shares to be paid pursuant to Section 2.7(e) (such cash and shares of Parent Common Stock described
in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), together with any dividends or distributions with respect thereto payable in accordance with Section
2.7(b), being referred to herein as the Exchange Fund). The Exchange Agent shall invest any cash included in the
Exchange Fund as directed by Parent, provided that such investments shall be in obligations of or guaranteed by the United States
of America and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America or in commercial paper obligations rated A-1 or P-1
or better by Moodys Investors Services, Inc. or Standard & Poors Corporation, respectively, and provided further
that no such investment or losses thereon shall affect the amount of Merger Consideration payable to the holders of Old Certificates.
Any interest and other income resulting from such investments shall be paid to Parent.

6

2.7Exchange Procedures.

(a)As promptly as practicable after the Effective Time, but in no event later than five (5) business days thereafter, the Surviving
Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record of one or more Old Certificates representing shares of Company
Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time that have been converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive the applicable
Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 2.1(a) and that has not theretofore submitted its Old Certificates with a Form of Election, a
letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Old Certificates shall pass,
only upon proper delivery of the Old Certificates to the Exchange Agent) and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Old
Certificates in exchange for the Stock Consideration and/or the Cash Consideration and any cash in lieu of fractional shares which the
shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Old Certificate or Old Certificates shall have been converted into the right to receive
pursuant to this Plan of Merger, as well as any dividends or distributions to be paid pursuant to Section 2.7(b) (such materials and instructions
to include customary provisions with respect to delivery of an agents message with respect to book-entry shares).
From and after the Effective Time and the completion of the allocation procedure set forth in Section 2.4, upon proper surrender of an
Old Certificate or Old Certificates for exchange and cancellation to the Exchange Agent (it being understood that no certificates shall
be required to be delivered for shares of Company Common Stock held in book-entry at the Effective Time), together with such properly
completed letter of transmittal or Form of Election, as applicable, duly executed, the holder of such Old Certificate or Old Certificates
shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor, as applicable, (x) (i) that number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock representing
the Stock Consideration which such holder has the right to receive in respect of the surrendered Old Certificate or Old Certificates pursuant
to the provisions of Section 2.1(a) and (ii) a check or other method of cash payment representing the amount of (A) the Cash Consideration
which such holder has the right to receive in respect of the surrendered Old Certificate or Old Certificates pursuant to the provisions
of Section 2.1(a), (B) any cash in lieu of fractional shares which such holder has the right to receive in respect of the surrendered
Old Certificate or Old Certificates pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7(e) and (C) any dividends or distributions which such holder
has the right to receive in respect of the surrendered Old Certificate or Old Certificates pursuant to Section 2.7(b), and the Old Certificate
or Old Certificates so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. No interest will be paid or accrued on the Stock Consideration, the Cash
Consideration or any cash in lieu of fractional shares or dividends or distributions payable to holders of Old Certificates. Until surrendered
as contemplated by Section 2.5 and this Section 2.7, each Old Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent
only the right to receive, upon surrender, the applicable Merger Consideration and any cash in lieu of fractional shares or in respect
of dividends or distributions as contemplated by this Section 2.7.

(b)No dividends or other distributions declared with respect to Parent Common Stock shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered
Old Certificate until the holder thereof shall surrender such Old Certificate in accordance with this Article 2. After the surrender of
an Old Certificate in accordance with this Article 2, the record holder thereof shall be entitled to receive any such dividends or other
distributions, without any interest thereon, which theretofore had become payable with respect to the Stock Consideration that the shares
of Company Common Stock represented by such Old Certificate have been converted into the right to receive.

7

(c)If any share of Parent Common Stock is to be issued in a name other than that in which the Old Certificate or Old Certificates
surrendered in exchange therefor is or are registered, it shall be a condition of the issuance thereof that the Old Certificate or Old
Certificates so surrendered shall be properly endorsed (or accompanied by an appropriate instrument of transfer) and otherwise in proper
form for transfer, and that the person requesting such exchange shall pay to the Exchange Agent in advance any transfer or other similar
Taxes (as defined in the Agreement) required by reason of the issuance of the shares of Parent Common Stock in any name other than that
of the registered holder of the Old Certificate or Old Certificates surrendered, or required for any other reason, or shall establish
to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such Tax has been paid or is not payable.

(d)After the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of Company of the shares of Company Common Stock
that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Old Certificates representing
such shares are presented for transfer to the Exchange Agent, they shall be cancelled and exchanged for the applicable Merger Consideration,
cash in lieu of fractional shares and dividends or distributions that the holder presenting such Old Certificates is entitled to in respect
of such Old Certificates, as provided in this Article 2.

(e)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued upon the
surrender for exchange of Old Certificates, no dividend or distribution with respect to Parent Common Stock shall be payable on or with
respect to any fractional share, and such fractional share interests shall not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any other rights
of a shareholder of Parent. In lieu of the issuance of any such fractional share, the Surviving Corporation shall pay to each former holder
of Company Common Stock who otherwise would be entitled to receive such fractional share an amount in cash (rounded to the nearest cent)
determined by multiplying (i) the average of the closing-sale prices of Parent Common Stock on NASDAQ as reported by The Wall
Street Journal for the consecutive period of five (5) full trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding the closing
date of the Merger (or, if not reported therein, in another authoritative source mutually agreed upon by Parent and Company) by (ii) the
fraction of a share (after taking into account all shares of Company Common Stock held by such holder immediately prior to the Effective
Time and rounded to the nearest one-thousandth when expressed in decimal form) of Parent Common Stock which such holder would otherwise
be entitled to receive pursuant to Section 2.1(a). The parties acknowledge that payment of such cash consideration in lieu of issuing
fractional shares is not separately bargained-for consideration, but merely represents a mechanical rounding off for purposes of avoiding
the expense and inconvenience that would otherwise be caused by the issuance of fractional shares.

8

(f)Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by the shareholders of Company for twelve (12) months after the Effective
Time shall be paid to the Surviving Corporation. Any former holders of Company Common Stock who have not theretofore complied with this
Article 2 shall thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation for payment of the applicable Merger Consideration, cash in lieu of
any fractional shares and any unpaid dividends and distributions on the Parent Common Stock deliverable in respect of each former share
of Company Common Stock such holder holds as determined pursuant to this Plan of Merger, in each case, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, none of Parent, Company, the Surviving Corporation, the Exchange Agent or any other person shall be liable to any former
holder of shares of Company Common Stock for any amount delivered in good faith to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned
property, escheat or similar laws. Any amounts remaining unclaimed by former holders of shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior
to the time at which such amounts would otherwise escheat to, or become property of, any Governmental Entity (as defined in the Agreement)
shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and clear of any claims or interest
of any such holders or their successors, assigns or personal representatives previously entitled thereto.

(g)The Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold, or cause the Exchange Agent to deduct and withhold, from the
applicable Merger Consideration, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock, cash dividends or distributions payable
pursuant to this Section 2.7 or any other amounts otherwise payable pursuant to this Plan of Merger to any holder of Company Common Stock
or Company Restricted Stock Awards, such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment or
distribution under the Code (as defined in the Agreement) or any provision of state, local or foreign Tax law. To the extent that amounts
are so deducted or withheld by the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent, as the case may be, and paid over to the appropriate Governmental
Entity, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Plan of Merger as having been paid to the holder of Company Common
Stock or Company Restricted Stock Awards in respect of which the deduction and withholding was made by the Surviving Corporation or the
Exchange Agent, as the case may be.

(h)In the event any Old Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the
person claiming such Old Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent,
the posting by such person of a bond in such amount as the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent may determine is reasonably necessary
as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Old Certificate, the Exchange Agent will issue in exchange
for such lost, stolen or destroyed Old Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration, any cash in lieu of fractional shares and any
dividends or distributions deliverable in respect thereof pursuant to this Plan of Merger.

2.8Treatment of Company Restricted Stock Awards.

At the Effective Time, each restricted share of
Company Common Stock granted under the Old Point Financial Corporation 2016 Incentive Stock Plan (each such share, a Company
Restricted Stock Award) that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger, shall fully vest
and shall have the treatment set forth in Section 2.1(a) applicable to shares of Company Common Stock.

9

Article
3

Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Parent

At the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation
of Parent, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the articles of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended in accordance with applicable law.

At the Effective Time, the Bylaws of Parent, as
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance
with applicable law.

Article
4

Conditions Precedent

The obligations of Parent, Company and Company
Subsidiary Bank to effect the Merger as herein provided shall be subject to satisfaction, unless duly waived, of the conditions set forth
in the Agreement.

Article
5

Amendment

Subject to compliance with applicable law and the
terms and conditions of the Agreement, this Plan of Merger may be amended by the Board of Directors of Parent and Company at any time
prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after receipt of the Company Requisite Vote (as defined in the Agreement); provided,
however, that after the Company Requisite Vote (as defined in the Agreement) has been obtained, there may not be, without further
approval of the holders of Company Common Stock, an amendment to this Plan of Merger that requires further approval of such shareholders
under applicable law.

Article
6

Abandonment

At any time prior to the Effective Time, the Merger
may be abandoned, subject to the terms of the Agreement, without further shareholder action in the manner determined by the Board of
Directors of Parent and Company. Written notice of such abandonment shall be filed with the VSCC prior to the Effective Time.

10

EXHIBIT C

Form
of Director Noncompetition Agreement

[Attached]

FORM
OF DIRECTOR NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT

,
2025

TowneBank

6001 Harbour View Boulevard

Suffolk, Virginia 23703

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned is a director of Old Point Financial
Corporation, a Virginia corporation (Old Point). TowneBank, a Virginia banking corporation (Towne),
has agreed to acquire Old Point and The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus, a nationally chartered banking association and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Old Point (Bank Subsidiary) (the Merger), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of April 3, 2025, by and among Towne, Old Point and Bank Subsidiary, and a related Plan of Merger (together, the Agreement).
The undersigned has been offered the opportunity to become a member of Townes advisory Peninsula regional board of directors or
other regional board of their choosing following the Effective Time (as defined in the Agreement).

As a condition of acceptance of such offer, and
subject to the exceptions below, the undersigned hereby agrees that, for a period of two (2) years following the Effective Time (or longer
period that the undersigned shall be a member of any Towne advisory regional board of directors identified in the preceding paragraph),
the undersigned will not, directly or indirectly: (i) become a member of the board of directors or an advisory board of, or be an organizer
of, or be a 1% or more shareholder of, any entity engaged in or formed for the purpose of engaging in a Competitive Business anywhere
in the Market Area (as such terms are defined below); or (ii) in any individual or representative capacity whatsoever, induce any individual
to terminate his or her employment with Towne or its Affiliates (as such term is defined below).

As used in this Agreement, the term Competitive
Business means the financial services business, which includes one or more of the following businesses: consumer and commercial
banking, insurance brokerage, asset management, residential and commercial mortgage lending, and any other business in which Towne or
any of its Affiliates are engaged; the term Market Area means (i) the Hampton Roads region which is defined for purposes
of this letter agreement to include the Virginia cities of Hampton, Newport News, Poquoson, Williamsburg, Suffolk, Chesapeake, Portsmouth,
Norfolk, and Virginia Beach and the Virginia counties of James City, York, and Isle of Wight, and (ii) any other city, town, county or
municipality in which Towne has established and is continuing to operate a banking office or a loan production office (excluding, for
purposes of this letter agreement, an office providing solely residential mortgage loans, unless such office is in the areas identified
in clause (i) above); the term Affiliate means a Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, Towne; and the term Person means any person, partnership,
corporation, company, group or other entity.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall
the undersigned be prevented from continuing to engage in, or being or continuing to engage in any activities as an officer, employee,
owner, shareholder, partner or member in or of, or a member of the board of directors or a member of an advisory board of, any entity
engaged in, a Competitive Business if the undersigned holds such position (or a corresponding position with the predecessor to such entity)
or otherwise engages in that Competitive Business on the date hereof.

1

This letter agreement is the complete agreement
between Towne and the undersigned concerning the subject matter hereof and shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions.

This letter agreement is executed as of the 
th day of , 2025.

Very truly yours

[Insert Name]

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2511458d3_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

THIS CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE
AGREEMENT (the Agreement), effective this 2nd day of April, 2025, by and between The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus
(the Bank) and Cathy W. Liles (Employee).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Employee is
a valuable employee of the Bank;

WHEREAS, the Bank wishes
to encourage Employee to continue Employees career and services with the Bank and to remain with the Bank during any potential
change of control of the Bank;

WHEREAS, the Employee
and the Bank have previously entered into a certain Change in Control Severance Agreement, dated May 23, 2024 (the 2024 Agreement);
and

WHEREAS, the Bank and
Employee have agreed to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms on which Employee may be entitled to severance pay from the Bank
following a Change of Control (as defined below).

NOW, THEREFORE, it
is hereby agreed by and between the parties hereto as follows:

1.Upon execution of this Agreement the 2024 Agreement is amended and replaced by this Agreement.

2.Definitions.

(a) Cause
shall mean:

(i)Employees willful failure to perform the material duties and responsibilities of her position (other than due to Incapacity)
but only following Employees receipt of prior written notice from the Bank or affiliate of at least thirty (30) days, which shall
provide and constitute a reasonable opportunity to cure;

(ii)Employees misappropriation or embezzlement of funds or property of the Bank or any affiliate;

(iii)Employees fraud or dishonesty (that is not of a de minimis nature) with respect to the Bank or affiliate, but only
following Employees receipt of written notice from the Bank or affiliate at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date
of termination, during which time Employee may provide a written response;

(iv)Employees conviction of or entering a guilty plea or plea of no contest with respect to (1) any felony or (2) any misdemeanor
involving fraud, dishonesty, breach of trust or act of moral turpitude, or any indictment for any crime involving dishonesty or breach
of trust;

(v)Employees breach of a material term of this Agreement, failure to perform the material duties and responsibilities of Employees
position or violation in any material respect of any policy, code or standard of behavior generally applicable to officers or employees
of the Bank, after being advised in writing of such breach or violation and being given a reasonable opportunity and period (as determined
by the Bank) to remedy such breach or violation (if such breach or violation is deemed by the Bank to be capable of being remedied) which
period shall be not less than thirty (30) days;

(vi)A material breach by Employee of her fiduciary duties to the Bank or affiliate including her duty of loyalty, care, or good faith,
but only following Employees receipt of written notice from the Bank or affiliate at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective
date of termination, during which time Employee may provide a written response; or

(vii)Employee engaging in conduct that, if it became known by any regulatory or governmental agency or the public, would be or is reasonably
likely to result in material injury to the Bank, monetarily or otherwise.

(b) Change
of Control shall mean the date any one of the following events occurs after the effective date of this Agreement:

(i) any
one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires ownership of stock of Old Point Financial Corporation (Old Point)
that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the total fair market value or total
voting power of the stock of Old Point. However, if any one person or group, is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the
total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of Old Point, the acquisition of additional stock by the same person or group
is not considered to cause a Change of Control. An increase in the percentage of stock owned by any one person or group, as a result of
a transaction in which Old Point acquires its stock in exchange for property will be treated as an acquisition of stock. This applies
only when there is a transfer of stock of Old Point (or issuance of stock of Old Point) and stock in Old Point remains outstanding after
the transaction.

(ii) any
one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of
the most recent acquisition by such person or group) ownership of stock of Old Point possessing thirty percent (30%) or more of the total
voting power of the stock of Old Point.

(iii) a
majority of members of Old Points Board of Directors is replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment
or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of Old Points Board of Directors prior to the date of the appointment
or election.

2

(iv) any
one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of
the most recent acquisition by such person or group) assets from Old Point that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more
than forty percent (40%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of Old Point immediately prior to such acquisition
or acquisitions. For this purpose, gross fair market value shall mean the value of the assets of Old Point, or the
value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. A transfer of assets
by Old Point shall not be treated as a Change of Control if the assets are transferred to: (A) a shareholder of Old Point (immediately
before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to its stock; (B) an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value
or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by Old Point; (C) a person, or more than one person acting as a group, that
owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of Old Point;
or (D) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a person
described in Section 1(b)(iv)(C) above. A persons status is determined immediately after the transfer of the assets. For example,
a transfer to a corporation in which Old Point has no ownership interest before the transaction, but which is a majority-owned subsidiary
of Old Point after the transaction is not treated as a Change of Control.

For purposes of Section 1(b)(ii)
and (iii) above, if any one person or more than one person acting as a group is considered to effectively control Old Point (within the
meaning of Section 1(b)(ii) or (iii) above), the acquisition of additional control of Old Point by the same person or group is not considered
to cause a Change of Control. For purposes of this Section 1, more than one person acting as a group shall include the owners
of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock or assets, or similar business transaction
with Old Point. If a person, including an entity, owns stock in both corporations that enter into a merger, consolidation, purchase or
acquisition of stock or assets, or similar transaction, such shareholder is considered to be acting as a group with other shareholders
in a corporation only with respect to the ownership in that corporation prior to the transaction giving rise to the change and not with
respect to the ownership interest in the other corporation. Persons will not be considered to be acting as a group solely because they
(I) purchase or own stock of the same corporation at the same time, or as a result of the same public offering, or (II) purchase assets
of the same corporation at the same time. The above definition of Change of Control is intended to and shall be interpreted and applied
in a manner as to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A.

(c) Good
Reason shall mean within twenty-four (24) months after a Change of Control:

(i)a permanent demotion of Employee and material diminution in Employees authority, duties or responsibilities; or

(ii)the relocation of Employee to any other primary place of employment more than fifty (50) miles from the Bank headquarters in Hampton,
Virginia, without Employees express written consent to such relocation; or

(iii)a material diminution in Employees base salary.

3

Employee is required to provide written notice
to the Bank of the existence of a condition described in Section 1(c) above within a sixty (60) day period of the initial existence of
the condition, and the Bank shall have thirty (30) days after notice to remedy the condition without liability. If not remedied by the
Bank, Employee shall have thirty (30) days after the end of such remedy period to terminate employment for Good Reason.

Notwithstanding the above, Good Reason
shall not include any resignation by Employee where Cause for Employees termination by the Bank exists.

(d) Incapacity
shall mean Employee is suffering a physical or mental impairment that renders the Employee, as determined by the Bank, unable to perform
the essential functions of the Employees position. Such a determination shall only be made after (1) Employee has exhausted all
leave rights to which [he or she] is entitled under the Banks policies and this Agreement and (2) a determination is made by the
Bank that no reasonable accommodation exists to allow Employee to continue to perform the essential functions of the position following
the principles established under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).

3.Severance Payments and Other Matters Related to Termination within Two (2) Years After a Change of Control.

(a) Without
Cause or for Good Reason. If Employees employment is involuntarily terminated without
Cause (and other than due to Employees death or Incapacity) within two (2) years after a Change of Control shall have occurred
or if Employee resigns for Good Reason within two (2) years after a Change of Control shall have occurred, then the Bank shall pay to
Employee (subject to any applicable payroll or other taxes required to be withheld), (i) (A) any unpaid base salary for time worked through
the date of termination payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively feasible following termination, but not later than thirty (30)
days thereafter; (B) any annual incentive compensation earned during the calendar year preceding the calendar year of termination, but
not yet paid as of the date of termination, payable on the earlier of the thirtieth (30th) day after the date of termination,
or when otherwise due; and (C) any benefits or awards vested, due and owing pursuant to the terms of any other plans, policies or programs,
payable when otherwise due (hereinafter subsections (a)(i)(A) (C) collectively are referred to as the Accrued Obligations)
and (ii) subject to Employees signing, delivering and not revoking the Release attached as Exhibit A, which Release must be signed,
delivered and not revoked within the time period set forth therein, the following:

(A) An
amount equal to 2.00 times Employees base salary as in effect at the time of termination, payable over a period of twenty-four
(24) months in accordance with the regular pay periods of the Bank (but not less frequently than monthly and in equal installments) beginning
on the first payroll following the date of termination of employment, provided, however, that all payments otherwise due during the first
sixty (60) days following termination of employment shall be accumulated and, if the Release requirements have been met, paid on the sixtieth
(60th) day following termination of employment.

(B) An
amount equal to 2.00 times the average annual bonus payable for the five years preceding the calendar year in which the termination occurs
(or the average for the number of years this Agreement (or the 2024 Agreement) has been in effect if less than five (5) years.) If this
Agreement (or the 2024 Agreement) was in effect and no bonus was paid for a calendar year, then the amount to be used for that year in
computing the average shall be zero. The bonus amount shall be payable over a period of twenty-four (24) months in accordance with the
regular pay periods of the Bank (but not less frequently than monthly and in equal installments), payable in the same manner and at the
same time as the payments in Section 2(a)(A).

4

(C) An
amount equal to the product of twenty-four (24) times the monthly rate of the Banks subsidy for coverage in its medical, dental
and vision plans for active employees (including any applicable coverage for spouses and dependents) in effect on the date of termination,
payable in a lump sum on the sixtieth (60th) day following termination of employment.

(b) It
is the intention of the parties that no payment be made or benefit provided to Employee pursuant to this Agreement that would constitute
an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code and any regulations thereunder
(Code Section 280G), thereby resulting in a loss of an income tax deduction by the Bank or Old Point or the imposition of
an excise tax on Employee under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code. If the independent accountants serving as auditors for the
Bank on the date of a Change of Control (or any other accounting firm designated by the Bank) determine that some or all of the payments
or benefits scheduled under this Agreement, as well as any other payments or benefits to Employee, would be nondeductible by the Bank
or Old Point under Code Section 280G, then the payments and benefits scheduled under this Agreement and all other agreements between Employee
and the Bank will be reduced to one dollar less than the maximum amount which may be paid without causing any such payment or benefit
to be nondeductible. The determination made as to the reduction of benefits or payments required hereunder by the independent accountants
shall be binding on the parties. Any reduction of benefits or payments required to be made under this Section 2(b) shall be taken in the
following order: first from cash compensation and then from payments or benefits not payable in cash, in each case in reverse order beginning
with payments or benefits which are to be paid farthest in time from the date of determination.

(c)Other Terminations. If Employees employment is terminated for Cause or due to
Employees death or Incapacity or if Employee voluntarily terminates her employment other than for Good Reason, within two (2) years
after a Change of Control shall have occurred, this Agreement shall terminate without any further obligation of the Bank to Employee other
than the payment to Employee of any unpaid base salary for the time worked through the date of termination as soon as administratively
feasible after termination but not later than thirty (30) days thereafter and the payment of any benefits vested, due and owing pursuant
to the terms of any plans, policies or programs, payable when otherwise due.

4.Covenants.

(a) Non-Competition.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, all such payments and benefits otherwise due under Section 2(a) shall cease to be paid, and the Bank shall
have no further obligation due with respect thereto, in the event Employee engages in any conduct prohibited in this Section 3. In exchange
for this Agreement and other valuable consideration, Employee agrees that Employee will not engage in Competition for a period of twelve
(12) months after Employees employment with the Bank ceases for any reason, regardless of whether any benefits are due under Section
2(a). For purposes hereof, Competition means Employees performing duties that are the same as or substantially similar
to those duties performed by Employee for the Bank during the last twelve (12) months of Employees employment, as an officer, a
director, an employee, a partner or in any other capacity, within twenty-five (25) miles of the headquarters of the Bank (or any Virginia
headquarters of any successor) or any branch office of the Bank (or any successor (as to its Virginia branches only) where Employee performed
services for the Bank as they are located as of the date Employees employment ceases, if those duties are performed for a bank
or other financial institution that provides products or services that are the same as or substantially similar to, and competitive with,
any of the products or services provided by the Bank at the time Employees employment ceases.

5

(b) Non-Piracy.
In exchange for the benefits promised in this Agreement and other valuable consideration, Employee agrees that for a period of twelve
(12) months after Employees employment ceases for any reason, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, divert from the
Bank or Old Point, or do business with any Customer of the Bank with whom Employee had Material Contact during
the last twelve (12) months of Employees employment or about whom Employee obtained non-public information while acting within
the scope of her employment during the last twelve (12) months of employment, if the purpose of such solicitation, diversion or transaction
is to provide products or services that are the same as or substantially similar to those offered by the Bank at the time Employees
employment ceases. Material Contact means that Employee personally communicated with the Customer, either orally or in writing,
for the purpose of providing, offering to provide or assisting in providing products or services of the Bank. Customer means
any person or entity with whom the Bank had a depository or other contractual relationship, pursuant to which the Bank provided products
or services during the last twelve (12) months of Employees employment.

(c)Non-Solicitation. In exchange for the benefits promised in this Agreement and other valuable consideration, Employee agrees
that for a period of twelve (12) months after employment ceases, for any reason, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, hire or solicit
for hire or induce any person to terminate her employment with the Bank, if the purpose is to compete with the Bank.

(d) Confidentiality.
As an employee of the Bank, Employee will have access to and may participate in the origination of non-public, proprietary and confidential
information relating to the Bank and/or its affiliates, and Employee acknowledges a fiduciary duty owed to the Bank and its affiliates
not to disclose impermissibly any such information. Confidential information may include, but is not limited to, trade secrets, customer
lists and information, internal corporate planning, methods of marketing and operation, and other data or information of or concerning
the Bank or its customers that is not generally known to the public or generally in the banking industry. Employee agrees that during
employment and for a period of five (5) years following the cessation of employment, Employee will not use or disclose to any third party
any such confidential information, either directly or indirectly, except as may be authorized in writing specifically by the Bank; provided,
however that to the extent the information covered by this Section 3(d) is otherwise protected by the law, such as trade secrets,
as defined by the Virginia Uniform Trade Secrets Act, or customer information protected by banking privacy laws, that information shall
not be disclosed or used for however long the legal protections applicable to such information remain in effect.

6

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing in this Agreement is intended to prohibit Employee from performing any duty or obligation that shall arise as a matter of law
or limit Employees right to communicate with a government agency, as provided for, protected under or warranted by applicable law.
Specifically, Employee shall continue to be under a duty to truthfully respond to any legal and valid subpoena or other legal process.
In the event Employee is requested to disclose confidential information by subpoena or other legal process or lawful exercise of authority,
Employee shall promptly provide the Bank with notice of the same and cooperate with the Bank in the Bank's effort, at its sole expense,
to avoid disclosure.

Federal law provides certain
protections to individuals who disclose a trade secret to their attorney, a court, or a government official in certain, confidential circumstances. 
Specifically, federal law provides that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade
secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret under either of the following conditions:

Where the disclosure is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or
to an attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or

Where the disclosure is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal. 

Federal law also provides that
an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret
to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (A) files any document
containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

(e) Remedies.
Employee acknowledges that the covenants set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement are just, reasonable, and necessary to protect the legitimate
business interests of the Bank. Employee further acknowledges that if Employee breaches or threatens to breach any provision of Section
3, the Banks remedies at law will be inadequate, and the Bank will be irreparably harmed. Accordingly, the Bank shall be entitled
to an injunction, both preliminary and permanent, restraining Employee from such breach or threatened breach, such injunctive relief not
to preclude the Bank from pursuing all available legal and equitable remedies. The parties further agree that in any legal action under
Section 3, the prevailing party shall be entitled to an award of their costs and attorneys fees incurred in enforcing or defending
their rights under Section 3.

4.Documents. All documents, records, tapes and other media of any kind or description relating to the business of the Bank
or any of its affiliates (the Documents), whether or not prepared by Employee, shall be the sole and exclusive property
of the Bank. The Documents (and any copies) shall be returned to the Bank upon Employees termination of employment for any reason
or at such earlier time or times as the Board of Directors of the Bank or its designee may specify.

7

5.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or part thereof, is determined to be unenforceable for any reason whatsoever,
it shall be severable from the remainder of this Agreement and shall not invalidate or affect the other provisions of this Agreement,
which shall remain in full force and effect and shall be enforceable according to their terms. No covenant shall be dependent upon any
other covenant or provision herein, each of which stands independently.

6.Governing Law/Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Virginia. The parties further agree that venue in the event of any dispute shall be exclusively in the Circuit Court of the City of Hampton,
Virginia, or the Norfolk federal court, at the sole option of the Bank, and Employee agrees not to object to venue.

7.Notices. All written notices required by this Agreement shall be deemed given when delivered personally or sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, to the parties at their addresses set forth on the signature page of this Agreement. Each
party may, from time to time, designate a different address to which notices should be sent.

8.Amendment. This Agreement may not be varied, altered, modified or in any way amended except by an instrument in writing
executed by the parties hereto or their legal representatives.

9.Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon Employee and on the Bank, its successors and assigns, effective on
the date first above written subject to the approval by the Boards of Directors of the Bank. The Bank will require any successor to all
or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Bank to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner
and to the same extent that the Bank would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. This Agreement shall be freely
assignable by the Bank.

10.No Construction Against Any Party. This Agreement is the product of informed negotiations between Employee and the Bank.
If any part of this Agreement is deemed to be unclear or ambiguous, it shall be construed as if it were drafted jointly by all parties.
Employee and the Bank agree that neither party was in a superior bargaining position regarding the substantive terms of this Agreement.

11.Code Section 409A Compliance.

(a)The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, and applicable guidance thereunder (Code Section 409A) or comply with an exemption from the application
of Code Section 409A and, accordingly, all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements
for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A.

(b)Neither Employee nor the Bank shall take any action to accelerate or delay the payment of any monies and/or provision of any benefits
in any matter which would not be in compliance with Code Section 409A.

8

(c)A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for
the form or timing of payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also
a separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement
under which (and to the extent) deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A is paid, references to a termination
or termination of employment or like references shall mean separation from service. A separation from service
shall not occur under Code Section 409A unless such Employee has completely severed Employees relationship with the Bank or Employee
has permanently decreased Employees services to twenty percent (20%) or less of the average level of bona fide services over the
immediately preceding thirty-six (36) month period (or the full period if Employee has been providing services for less than thirty-six
(36) months). A leave of absence shall only trigger a termination of employment that constitutes a separation from service at the time
required under Code Section 409A. If Employee is deemed on the date of separation from service with the Bank to be a specified
employee, within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B) and using the identification methodology selected by
the Bank from time to time, or if none, the default methodology, then with regard to any payment or benefit that is required to be delayed
in compliance with Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B) (after taking into account any exclusions applicable to such payment under Section 409A),
such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from
the date of Employees separation from service or (ii) the date of Employees death. In the case of benefits required to be
delayed under Code Section 409A, however, Employee may pay the cost of benefit coverage, and thereby obtain benefits, during such six-month
delay period and then be reimbursed by the Bank thereafter when delayed payments are made pursuant to the next sentence. On the first
day of the seventh month following the date of Employees separation from service or, if earlier, on the date of Employees
death, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 11(c) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments
in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to Employee in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under
this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. If any cash payment is
delayed under this Section 11(c), then interest shall be paid on the amount delayed calculated at the prime rate reported in The Wall
Street Journal for the date of Employees termination to the date of payment.

(d)With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits subject to Code Section 409A,
except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange
for another benefit, and (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year
shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year, provided that
the foregoing clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Code Section 105(b)
solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect. All reimbursements shall be reimbursed
in accordance with the Banks reimbursement policies but in no event later than the calendar year following the calendar year in
which the related expense is incurred.

(e)If under this Agreement, an amount is to be paid in two or more installments, for purposes of Code Section 409A, each installment
shall be treated as a separate payment. In the event any payment payable upon termination of employment would be exempt from Code Section
409A under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) but for the amount of such payment, the determination of the payments to Employee that
are exempt under such provision shall be made by applying the exemption to payments based on chronological order beginning with the payments
paid closest in time on or after such termination of employment.

9

(f)When, if ever, a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment
shall be made within ten (10) days following the date of termination), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall
be within the sole discretion of the Bank.

(g)Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement, the Bank shall not be liable to Employee if any payment or benefit which
is to be provided pursuant to this Agreement and which is considered deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A otherwise fails
to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Code Section 409A.

12.Regulatory Limitation. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, neither the Bank nor any affiliate shall be
obligated to make, and Employee shall have no right to receive, any payment, benefit or amount under this Agreement that would violate
any law, regulation or regulatory order applicable to the Bank or the affiliate at the time such payment is due, including without limitation,
any regulation or order of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency.

13.Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the matters addressed herein and it supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, express
or implied, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. It is further specifically agreed and acknowledged that, except as provided
herein, Employee shall not be entitled to severance payments or benefits under any severance or similar plan, program, arrangement or
agreement of or the Bank for any cessation of employment occurring while this Agreement is in effect.

14.Survivability. The provisions of Section 3 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

15.Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts and electronic or facsimile signatures have the same effect
as original signatures.

16.Title. The titles and sub-headings of each Section and Sub-Section in the Agreement are for convenience only and should
not be considered part of the Agreement to aid in interpretation or construction.

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Bank has caused this
Agreement to be executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized, and Employee has signed this Agreement, all effective as of the date
first above written.

THE OLD POINT NATIONAL BANK OF PHOEBUS CATHY W. LILES

/s/ Robert F. Shuford, Jr. 

/s/ Cathy W. Liles 

By: Robert F. Shuford, Jr. 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

11

EXHIBIT A

RELEASE

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt
of which is hereby acknowledged, Cathy W. Liles (Employee), hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits,
and forever discharges Old Point Financial Corporation and The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus (collectively, the Bank)
and each of its agents, directors, members, affiliated entities, officers, employees, former employees, attorneys, successors, predecessors,
parents, subsidiaries and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them (collectively Releasees)
from any and all charges, complaints, claims, liabilities, grievances, obligations, promises, agreements, controversies, damages, policies,
actions, causes of action, suits, rights, demands, costs, losses, debts and expenses of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected
or unsuspected, including, but not limited to, any rights arising out of alleged violations or breaches of any contracts, express or implied,
or any tort, or any legal restrictions on the Bank right to terminate employees, or any federal, state or other governmental statute,
regulation, law or ordinance, including without limitation (1) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Civil Rights
Act of 1991; (2) the Americans with Disabilities Act; (3) 42 U.S.C. 1981; (4) the federal Age Discrimination in Employment
Act (age discrimination); (5) the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act; (6) the Equal Pay Act; (7) the Family and Medical Leave Act; and
(8) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) (Claim or Claims), which Employee
now has, owns or holds, or claims to have, own or hold, or which Employee at any time heretofore had owned or held, or claimed to have
owned or held, against each or any of the Releasees at any time up to and including the date of the execution of this Release.

Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the
execution of this Release and the cessation of Employees employment and all actions taken in connection therewith are in compliance
with the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act and the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act and that the releases set forth above
shall be applicable, without limitation, to any claims brought under these Acts. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that:

a.The Release given by Employee is given solely in exchange for the consideration set forth in Section 2 of the Change of Control
Severance Agreement by and between the Bank and Employee to which this Release was initially attached and such consideration is in addition
to anything of value which Employee was entitled to receive prior to entering into this Release;

b.By entering into this Release, Employee does not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date this Release is executed;

c.Employee has been advised to consult an attorney prior to entering into this Release, and this provision of the Release satisfies
the requirements of the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act that Employee be so advised in writing;

d.Employee has been offered twenty-one (21) days [or forty-five (45) days, as applicable] from receipt of this Release within which
to consider whether to sign this Release; and

e.For a period of seven (7) days following Employees execution of this Release, Employee may revoke this Release and it shall
not become effective or enforceable until such seven (7) day period has expired.

This Release shall be binding upon the heirs and
personal representatives of Employee and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Bank.

Date Employee
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2511458d3_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

THIS CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE
AGREEMENT (the Agreement), effective this 2nd day of April, 2025, by and between The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus
(the Bank) and Thomas Hotchkiss (Employee).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Employee is
a valuable employee of the Bank;

WHEREAS, the Bank wishes
to encourage Employee to continue Employees career and services with the Bank and to remain with the Bank during any potential
change of control of the Bank;

WHEREAS, the Employee and
the Bank have previously entered into a certain Change in Control Severance Agreement, dated October 30, 2019 (the 2019 Agreement);
and

WHEREAS, the Bank and
Employee have agreed to enter into this Agreement to replace the 2019 Agreement and set forth the terms on which Employee may be entitled
to severance pay from the Bank following a Change of Control (as defined below).

NOW, THEREFORE, it
is hereby agreed by and between the parties hereto as follows:

1.Upon execution of this Agreement the 2019 Agreement is amended and replaced by this Agreement.

2.Definitions.

(a) Cause
shall mean:

(i)Employees willful failure to perform the material duties and responsibilities of his position (other than due to Incapacity)
but only following Employees receipt of prior written notice from the Bank or affiliate of at least thirty (30) days, which shall
provide and constitute a reasonable opportunity to cure;

(ii)Employees misappropriation or embezzlement of funds or property of the Bank or any affiliate;

(iii)Employees fraud or dishonesty (that is not of a de minimis nature) with respect to the Bank or affiliate, but only
following Employees receipt of written notice from the Bank or affiliate at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date
of termination, during which time Employee may provide a written response;

(iv)Employees conviction of or entering a guilty plea or plea of no contest with respect to (1) any felony or (2) any misdemeanor
involving fraud, dishonesty, breach of trust or act of moral turpitude, or any indictment for any crime involving dishonesty or breach
of trust;

(v)Employees breach of a material term of this Agreement, failure to perform the material duties and responsibilities of Employees
position or violation in any material respect of any policy, code or standard of behavior generally applicable to officers or employees
of the Bank, after being advised in writing of such breach or violation and being given a reasonable opportunity and period (as determined
by the Bank) to remedy such breach or violation (if such breach or violation is deemed by the Bank to be capable of being remedied) which
period shall be not less than thirty (30) days;

(vi)A material breach by Employee of his fiduciary duties to the Bank or affiliate including his duty of loyalty, care, or good faith,
but only following Employees receipt of written notice from the Bank or affiliate at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective
date of termination, during which time Employee may provide a written response; or

(vii)Employee engaging in conduct that, if it became known by any regulatory or governmental agency or the public, would be or is reasonably
likely to result in material injury to the Bank, monetarily or otherwise.

(b) Change
of Control shall mean the date any one of the following events occurs after the effective date of this Agreement:

(i) any
one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires ownership of stock of Old Point Financial Corporation (Old Point)
that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the total fair market value or total
voting power of the stock of Old Point. However, if any one person or group, is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the
total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of Old Point, the acquisition of additional stock by the same person or group
is not considered to cause a Change of Control. An increase in the percentage of stock owned by any one person or group, as a result of
a transaction in which Old Point acquires its stock in exchange for property will be treated as an acquisition of stock. This applies
only when there is a transfer of stock of Old Point (or issuance of stock of Old Point) and stock in Old Point remains outstanding after
the transaction.

(ii) any
one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of
the most recent acquisition by such person or group) ownership of stock of Old Point possessing thirty percent (30%) or more of the total
voting power of the stock of Old Point.

(iii) a
majority of members of Old Points Board of Directors is replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment
or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of Old Points Board of Directors prior to the date of the appointment
or election.

2

(iv) any
one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of
the most recent acquisition by such person or group) assets from Old Point that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more
than forty percent (40%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of Old Point immediately prior to such acquisition
or acquisitions. For this purpose, gross fair market value shall mean the value of the assets of Old Point, or the
value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. A transfer of assets
by Old Point shall not be treated as a Change of Control if the assets are transferred to: (A) a shareholder of Old Point (immediately
before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to its stock; (B) an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value
or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by Old Point; (C) a person, or more than one person acting as a group, that
owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of Old Point;
or (D) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a person
described in Section 1(b)(iv)(C) above. A persons status is determined immediately after the transfer of the assets. For example,
a transfer to a corporation in which Old Point has no ownership interest before the transaction, but which is a majority-owned subsidiary
of Old Point after the transaction is not treated as a Change of Control.

For purposes of Section 1(b)(ii)
and (iii) above, if any one person or more than one person acting as a group is considered to effectively control Old Point (within the
meaning of Section 1(b)(ii) or (iii) above), the acquisition of additional control of Old Point by the same person or group is not considered
to cause a Change of Control. For purposes of this Section 1, more than one person acting as a group shall include the owners
of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock or assets, or similar business transaction
with Old Point. If a person, including an entity, owns stock in both corporations that enter into a merger, consolidation, purchase or
acquisition of stock or assets, or similar transaction, such shareholder is considered to be acting as a group with other shareholders
in a corporation only with respect to the ownership in that corporation prior to the transaction giving rise to the change and not with
respect to the ownership interest in the other corporation. Persons will not be considered to be acting as a group solely because they
(I) purchase or own stock of the same corporation at the same time, or as a result of the same public offering, or (II) purchase assets
of the same corporation at the same time. The above definition of Change of Control is intended to and shall be interpreted and applied
in a manner as to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A.

(c) Good
Reason shall mean within twenty-four (24) months after a Change of Control:

(i)a permanent demotion of Employee and material diminution in Employees authority, duties or responsibilities; or

(ii)the relocation of Employee to any other primary place of employment more than fifty (50) miles from the Bank headquarters in Hampton,
Virginia, without Employees express written consent to such relocation; or

(iii)a material diminution in Employees base salary.

3

Employee is required to provide written notice
to the Bank of the existence of a condition described in Section 1(c) above within a sixty (60) day period of the initial existence of
the condition, and the Bank shall have thirty (30) days after notice to remedy the condition without liability. If not remedied by the
Bank, Employee shall have thirty (30) days after the end of such remedy period to terminate employment for Good Reason.

Notwithstanding the above, Good Reason
shall not include any resignation by Employee where Cause for Employees termination by the Bank exists.

(d) Incapacity
shall mean Employee is suffering a physical or mental impairment that renders the Employee, as determined by the Bank, unable to perform
the essential functions of the Employees position. Such a determination shall only be made after (1) Employee has exhausted all
leave rights to which [he or she] is entitled under the Banks policies and this Agreement and (2) a determination is made by the
Bank that no reasonable accommodation exists to allow Employee to continue to perform the essential functions of the position following
the principles established under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).

3.Severance Payments and Other Matters Related to Termination within Two (2) Years After a Change of Control.

(a) Without
Cause or for Good Reason. If Employees employment is involuntarily terminated without
Cause (and other than due to Employees death or Incapacity) within two (2) years after a Change of Control shall have occurred
or if Employee resigns for Good Reason within two (2) years after a Change of Control shall have occurred, then the Bank shall pay to
Employee (subject to any applicable payroll or other taxes required to be withheld), (i) (A) any unpaid base salary for time worked through
the date of termination payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively feasible following termination, but not later than thirty (30)
days thereafter; (B) any annual incentive compensation earned during the calendar year preceding the calendar year of termination, but
not yet paid as of the date of termination, payable on the earlier of the thirtieth (30th) day after the date of termination,
or when otherwise due; and (C) any benefits or awards vested, due and owing pursuant to the terms of any other plans, policies or programs,
payable when otherwise due (hereinafter subsections (a)(i)(A) (C) collectively are referred to as the Accrued Obligations)
and (ii) subject to Employees signing, delivering and not revoking the Release attached as Exhibit A, which Release must be signed,
delivered and not revoked within the time period set forth therein, the following:

(A) An
amount equal to 2.00 times Employees base salary as in effect at the time of termination, payable over a period of twenty-four
(24) months in accordance with the regular pay periods of the Bank (but not less frequently than monthly and in equal installments) beginning
on the first payroll following the date of termination of employment, provided, however, that all payments otherwise due during the first
sixty (60) days following termination of employment shall be accumulated and, if the Release requirements have been met, paid on the sixtieth
(60th) day following termination of employment.

(B) An
amount equal to 2.00 times the average annual bonus payable for the five years preceding the calendar year in which the termination occurs
(or the average for the number of years this Agreement (or the 2019 Agreement) has been in effect if less than five (5) years.) If this
Agreement (or the 2019 Agreement) was in effect and no bonus was paid for a calendar year, then the amount to be used for that year in
computing the average shall be zero. The bonus amount shall be payable over a period of twenty-four (24) months in accordance with the
regular pay periods of the Bank (but not less frequently than monthly and in equal installments), payable in the same manner and at the
same time as the payments in Section 2(a)(A).

4

(C) An
amount equal to the product of twenty-four (24) times the monthly rate of the Banks subsidy for coverage in its medical, dental
and vision plans for active employees (including any applicable coverage for spouses and dependents) in effect on the date of termination,
payable in a lump sum on the sixtieth (60th) day following termination of employment.

(b) It
is the intention of the parties that no payment be made or benefit provided to Employee pursuant to this Agreement that would constitute
an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code and any regulations thereunder
(Code Section 280G), thereby resulting in a loss of an income tax deduction by the Bank or Old Point or the imposition of
an excise tax on Employee under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code. If the independent accountants serving as auditors for the
Bank on the date of a Change of Control (or any other accounting firm designated by the Bank) determine that some or all of the payments
or benefits scheduled under this Agreement, as well as any other payments or benefits to Employee, would be nondeductible by the Bank
or Old Point under Code Section 280G, then the payments and benefits scheduled under this Agreement and all other agreements between Employee
and the Bank will be reduced to one dollar less than the maximum amount which may be paid without causing any such payment or benefit
to be nondeductible. The determination made as to the reduction of benefits or payments required hereunder by the independent accountants
shall be binding on the parties. Any reduction of benefits or payments required to be made under this Section 2(b) shall be taken in the
following order: first from cash compensation and then from payments or benefits not payable in cash, in each case in reverse order beginning
with payments or benefits which are to be paid farthest in time from the date of determination.

(c)Other Terminations. If Employees employment is terminated for Cause or due to
Employees death or Incapacity or if Employee voluntarily terminates his employment other than for Good Reason, within two (2) years
after a Change of Control shall have occurred, this Agreement shall terminate without any further obligation of the Bank to Employee other
than the payment to Employee of any unpaid base salary for the time worked through the date of termination as soon as administratively
feasible after termination but not later than thirty (30) days thereafter and the payment of any benefits vested, due and owing pursuant
to the terms of any plans, policies or programs, payable when otherwise due.

4.Covenants.

(a) Non-Competition.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, all such payments and benefits otherwise due under Section 2(a) shall cease to be paid, and the Bank shall
have no further obligation due with respect thereto, in the event Employee engages in any conduct prohibited in this Section 3. In exchange
for this Agreement and other valuable consideration, Employee agrees that Employee will not engage in Competition for a period of twelve
(12) months after Employees employment with the Bank ceases for any reason, regardless of whether any benefits are due under Section
2(a). For purposes hereof, Competition means Employees performing duties that are the same as or substantially similar
to those duties performed by Employee for the Bank during the last twelve (12) months of Employees employment, as an officer, a
director, an employee, a partner or in any other capacity, within twenty-five (25) miles of the headquarters of the Bank (or any Virginia
headquarters of any successor) or any branch office of the Bank (or any successor (as to its Virginia branches only) where Employee performed
services for the Bank as they are located as of the date Employees employment ceases, if those duties are performed for a bank
or other financial institution that provides products or services that are the same as or substantially similar to, and competitive with,
any of the products or services provided by the Bank at the time Employees employment ceases.

5

(b) Non-Piracy.
In exchange for the benefits promised in this Agreement and other valuable consideration, Employee agrees that for a period of twelve
(12) months after Employees employment ceases for any reason, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, divert from the
Bank or Old Point, or do business with any Customer of the Bank with whom Employee had Material Contact during
the last twelve (12) months of Employees employment or about whom Employee obtained non-public information while acting within
the scope of his employment during the last twelve (12) months of employment, if the purpose of such solicitation, diversion or transaction
is to provide products or services that are the same as or substantially similar to those offered by the Bank at the time Employees
employment ceases. Material Contact means that Employee personally communicated with the Customer, either orally or in writing,
for the purpose of providing, offering to provide or assisting in providing products or services of the Bank. Customer means
any person or entity with whom the Bank had a depository or other contractual relationship, pursuant to which the Bank provided products
or services during the last twelve (12) months of Employees employment.

(c)Non-Solicitation. In exchange for the benefits promised in this Agreement and other valuable consideration, Employee agrees
that for a period of twelve (12) months after employment ceases, for any reason, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, hire or solicit
for hire or induce any person to terminate his employment with the Bank, if the purpose is to compete with the Bank.

(d) Confidentiality.
As an employee of the Bank, Employee will have access to and may participate in the origination of non-public, proprietary and confidential
information relating to the Bank and/or its affiliates, and Employee acknowledges a fiduciary duty owed to the Bank and its affiliates
not to disclose impermissibly any such information. Confidential information may include, but is not limited to, trade secrets, customer
lists and information, internal corporate planning, methods of marketing and operation, and other data or information of or concerning
the Bank or its customers that is not generally known to the public or generally in the banking industry. Employee agrees that during
employment and for a period of five (5) years following the cessation of employment, Employee will not use or disclose to any third party
any such confidential information, either directly or indirectly, except as may be authorized in writing specifically by the Bank; provided,
however that to the extent the information covered by this Section 3(d) is otherwise protected by the law, such as trade secrets,
as defined by the Virginia Uniform Trade Secrets Act, or customer information protected by banking privacy laws, that information shall
not be disclosed or used for however long the legal protections applicable to such information remain in effect.

6

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing in this Agreement is intended to prohibit Employee from performing any duty or obligation that shall arise as a matter of law
or limit Employees right to communicate with a government agency, as provided for, protected under or warranted by applicable law.
Specifically, Employee shall continue to be under a duty to truthfully respond to any legal and valid subpoena or other legal process.
In the event Employee is requested to disclose confidential information by subpoena or other legal process or lawful exercise of authority,
Employee shall promptly provide the Bank with notice of the same and cooperate with the Bank in the Bank's effort, at its sole expense,
to avoid disclosure.

Federal law provides certain
protections to individuals who disclose a trade secret to their attorney, a court, or a government official in certain, confidential circumstances. 
Specifically, federal law provides that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade
secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret under either of the following conditions:

Where the disclosure is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or
to an attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or

Where the disclosure is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal. 

Federal law also provides that
an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret
to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (A) files any document
containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

(e) Remedies.
Employee acknowledges that the covenants set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement are just, reasonable, and necessary to protect the legitimate
business interests of the Bank. Employee further acknowledges that if Employee breaches or threatens to breach any provision of Section
3, the Banks remedies at law will be inadequate, and the Bank will be irreparably harmed. Accordingly, the Bank shall be entitled
to an injunction, both preliminary and permanent, restraining Employee from such breach or threatened breach, such injunctive relief not
to preclude the Bank from pursuing all available legal and equitable remedies. The parties further agree that in any legal action under
Section 3, the prevailing party shall be entitled to an award of their costs and attorneys fees incurred in enforcing or defending
their rights under Section 3.

5.Documents. All documents, records, tapes and other media of any kind or description relating to the business of the Bank
or any of its affiliates (the Documents), whether or not prepared by Employee, shall be the sole and exclusive property
of the Bank. The Documents (and any copies) shall be returned to the Bank upon Employees termination of employment for any reason
or at such earlier time or times as the Board of Directors of the Bank or its designee may specify.

7

6.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or part thereof, is determined to be unenforceable for any reason whatsoever,
it shall be severable from the remainder of this Agreement and shall not invalidate or affect the other provisions of this Agreement,
which shall remain in full force and effect and shall be enforceable according to their terms. No covenant shall be dependent upon any
other covenant or provision herein, each of which stands independently.

7.Governing Law/Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Virginia. The parties further agree that venue in the event of any dispute shall be exclusively in the Circuit Court of the City of Hampton,
Virginia, or the Norfolk federal court, at the sole option of the Bank, and Employee agrees not to object to venue.

8.Notices. All written notices required by this Agreement shall be deemed given when delivered personally or sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, to the parties at their addresses set forth on the signature page of this Agreement. Each
party may, from time to time, designate a different address to which notices should be sent.

9.Amendment. This Agreement may not be varied, altered, modified or in any way amended except by an instrument in writing
executed by the parties hereto or their legal representatives.

10.Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon Employee and on the Bank, its successors and assigns, effective on
the date first above written subject to the approval by the Boards of Directors of the Bank. The Bank will require any successor to all
or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Bank to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner
and to the same extent that the Bank would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. This Agreement shall be freely
assignable by the Bank.

11.No Construction Against Any Party. This Agreement is the product of informed negotiations between Employee and the Bank.
If any part of this Agreement is deemed to be unclear or ambiguous, it shall be construed as if it were drafted jointly by all parties.
Employee and the Bank agree that neither party was in a superior bargaining position regarding the substantive terms of this Agreement.

12.Code Section 409A Compliance.

(a)The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, and applicable guidance thereunder (Code Section 409A) or comply with an exemption from the application
of Code Section 409A and, accordingly, all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements
for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A.

(b)Neither Employee nor the Bank shall take any action to accelerate or delay the payment of any monies and/or provision of any benefits
in any matter which would not be in compliance with Code Section 409A.

8

(c)A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for
the form or timing of payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also
a separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement
under which (and to the extent) deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A is paid, references to a termination
or termination of employment or like references shall mean separation from service. A separation from service
shall not occur under Code Section 409A unless such Employee has completely severed Employees relationship with the Bank or Employee
has permanently decreased Employees services to twenty percent (20%) or less of the average level of bona fide services over the
immediately preceding thirty-six (36) month period (or the full period if Employee has been providing services for less than thirty-six
(36) months). A leave of absence shall only trigger a termination of employment that constitutes a separation from service at the time
required under Code Section 409A. If Employee is deemed on the date of separation from service with the Bank to be a specified
employee, within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B) and using the identification methodology selected by
the Bank from time to time, or if none, the default methodology, then with regard to any payment or benefit that is required to be delayed
in compliance with Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B) (after taking into account any exclusions applicable to such payment under Section 409A),
such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from
the date of Employees separation from service or (ii) the date of Employees death. In the case of benefits required to be
delayed under Code Section 409A, however, Employee may pay the cost of benefit coverage, and thereby obtain benefits, during such six-month
delay period and then be reimbursed by the Bank thereafter when delayed payments are made pursuant to the next sentence. On the first
day of the seventh month following the date of Employees separation from service or, if earlier, on the date of Employees
death, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 11(c) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments
in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to Employee in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under
this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. If any cash payment is
delayed under this Section 11(c), then interest shall be paid on the amount delayed calculated at the prime rate reported in The Wall
Street Journal for the date of Employees termination to the date of payment.

(d)With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits subject to Code Section 409A,
except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange
for another benefit, and (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year
shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year, provided that
the foregoing clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Code Section 105(b)
solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect. All reimbursements shall be reimbursed
in accordance with the Banks reimbursement policies but in no event later than the calendar year following the calendar year in
which the related expense is incurred.

(e)If under this Agreement, an amount is to be paid in two or more installments, for purposes of Code Section 409A, each installment
shall be treated as a separate payment. In the event any payment payable upon termination of employment would be exempt from Code Section
409A under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) but for the amount of such payment, the determination of the payments to Employee that
are exempt under such provision shall be made by applying the exemption to payments based on chronological order beginning with the payments
paid closest in time on or after such termination of employment.

9

(f)When, if ever, a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment
shall be made within ten (10) days following the date of termination), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall
be within the sole discretion of the Bank.

(g)Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement, the Bank shall not be liable to Employee if any payment or benefit which
is to be provided pursuant to this Agreement and which is considered deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A otherwise fails
to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Code Section 409A.

13.Regulatory Limitation. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, neither the Bank nor any affiliate shall be
obligated to make, and Employee shall have no right to receive, any payment, benefit or amount under this Agreement that would violate
any law, regulation or regulatory order applicable to the Bank or the affiliate at the time such payment is due, including without limitation,
any regulation or order of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency.

14.Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the matters addressed herein and it supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, express
or implied, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. It is further specifically agreed and acknowledged that, except as provided
herein, Employee shall not be entitled to severance payments or benefits under any severance or similar plan, program, arrangement or
agreement of or the Bank for any cessation of employment occurring while this Agreement is in effect.

15.Survivability. The provisions of Section 3 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

16.Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts and electronic or facsimile signatures have the same effect as original
signatures.

17.Title. The titles and sub-headings of each Section and Sub-Section in the Agreement are for convenience only and should
not be considered part of the Agreement to aid in interpretation or construction.

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Bank has caused this Agreement to be executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized, and Employee has signed
this Agreement, all effective as of the date first above written.

THE OLD POINT NATIONAL BANK OF PHOEBUS THOMAS HOTCHKISS

/s/ Robert F. Shuford, Jr. /s/ Thomas Hotchkiss 

By: Robert F. Shuford, Jr. 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

11

EXHIBIT A

RELEASE

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt
of which is hereby acknowledged, Thomas Hotchkiss (Employee), hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits,
and forever discharges Old Point Financial Corporation and The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus (collectively, the Bank)
and each of its agents, directors, members, affiliated entities, officers, employees, former employees, attorneys, successors, predecessors,
parents, subsidiaries and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them (collectively Releasees)
from any and all charges, complaints, claims, liabilities, grievances, obligations, promises, agreements, controversies, damages, policies,
actions, causes of action, suits, rights, demands, costs, losses, debts and expenses of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected
or unsuspected, including, but not limited to, any rights arising out of alleged violations or breaches of any contracts, express or implied,
or any tort, or any legal restrictions on the Bank right to terminate employees, or any federal, state or other governmental statute,
regulation, law or ordinance, including without limitation (1) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Civil Rights
Act of 1991; (2) the Americans with Disabilities Act; (3) 42 U.S.C. 1981; (4) the federal Age Discrimination in Employment
Act (age discrimination); (5) the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act; (6) the Equal Pay Act; (7) the Family and Medical Leave Act; and
(8) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) (Claim or Claims), which Employee
now has, owns or holds, or claims to have, own or hold, or which Employee at any time heretofore had owned or held, or claimed to have
owned or held, against each or any of the Releasees at any time up to and including the date of the execution of this Release.

Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the
execution of this Release and the cessation of Employees employment and all actions taken in connection therewith are in compliance
with the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act and the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act and that the releases set forth above
shall be applicable, without limitation, to any claims brought under these Acts. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that:

a.The Release given by Employee is given solely in exchange for the consideration set forth in Section 2 of the Change of Control
Severance Agreement by and between the Bank and Employee to which this Release was initially attached and such consideration is in addition
to anything of value which Employee was entitled to receive prior to entering into this Release;

b.By entering into this Release, Employee does not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date this Release is executed;

c.Employee has been advised to consult an attorney prior to entering into this Release, and this provision of the Release satisfies
the requirements of the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act that Employee be so advised in writing;

d.Employee has been offered twenty-one (21) days [or forty-five (45) days, as applicable] from receipt of this Release within which
to consider whether to sign this Release; and

e.For a period of seven (7) days following Employees execution of this Release, Employee may revoke this Release and it shall
not become effective or enforceable until such seven (7) day period has expired.

This Release shall be binding upon the heirs and
personal representatives of Employee and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Bank.

Date Employee
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2511458d3_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This Support Agreement (this
Agreement), dated as of April 2, 2025, is entered into by and between TowneBank, a Virginia banking corporation (Parent),
and the undersigned shareholder (the Shareholder) of Old Point Financial Corporation, a Virginia corporation (Company).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as the same may be amended, supplemented or modified, the Merger Agreement),
dated as of the date hereof, by and among Parent, Company and The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus, a nationally chartered banking association
and wholly owned subsidiary of Company (Company Subsidiary Bank), (i) Company will be merged with and into Parent
and (ii) immediately thereafter and contemporaneously therewith, Company Subsidiary Bank will be merged with and into Parent (clauses
(i) and (ii), together, the Merger), with Parent as the surviving corporation in the Merger;

WHEREAS, as of the date of
this Agreement, the Shareholder owns beneficially or of record, and has the sole power to vote or direct the voting of, the shares of
common stock, par value $5.00 per share, of Company (the Common Stock) as set forth on Schedule A hereto
(all such shares, the Existing Shares), and owns beneficially or of record, and has the shared power to vote or direct
the voting of, the shares of Common Stock as set forth on Schedule A hereto (the Additional Shares);

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
of each of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank has unanimously (i) determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment, are in the best interests of Company and Company Subsidiary Bank and
their respective shareholders, and declared that the Merger Agreement is advisable, and (ii) adopted the Merger Agreement and the Company
Articles Amendment and approved the execution, delivery and performance by Company of the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment; and

WHEREAS, the Shareholder is
supportive of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment,
and has determined that it is in his, her or its best interests to enter into this Agreement to provide for his, her or its support for
the Merger Agreement and such transactions, and this Agreement is further a condition and inducement for Parent to enter into the Merger
Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing, the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Definitions. Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement have the meanings assigned
to those terms in the Merger Agreement.

2. Effectiveness; Termination. This Agreement shall be effective upon signing. This Agreement
shall automatically terminate and be null and void and of no effect upon the earlier to occur of the following: (a) termination of the
Merger Agreement for any reason in accordance with its terms or (b) the Effective Time; provided that (i) this Section 2
and Sections 12 through 19 hereof shall survive any such termination and (ii) such termination shall not relieve any party
of any liability or damages resulting from any willful or material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other
agreements set forth herein.

3. Support Agreement. From the date hereof until the earlier of (a) the Closing or (b) the
termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms (the Support Period), the Shareholder irrevocably
and unconditionally hereby agrees that at any meeting (whether annual or special and each postponement, recess, adjournment or continuation
thereof) of Companys shareholders, however called, and in connection with any written consent of Companys shareholders,
the Shareholder shall (i) appear at such meeting or otherwise cause all of the Shareholders Existing Shares and all other shares
of Common Stock or voting securities over which the Shareholder has acquired, after the date hereof, beneficial or record ownership and
the sole power to vote or direct the voting thereof (including any such shares of Common Stock acquired by means of purchase, dividend
or distribution, or issued upon the exercise of any stock options to acquire Common Stock, vesting of any Company Restricted Stock Awards
or the conversion of any convertible securities, or pursuant to any other equity awards or derivative securities or otherwise) (together
with the Existing Shares, but subject to the exclusion set forth in the final sentence of this Section 3, the Shares),
as of the applicable record date, to be counted as present thereat for purposes of calculating a quorum, and (ii) vote or cause to
be voted (including by proxy or written consent, if applicable) all such Shares (A) in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and
the Company Articles Amendment, (B) in favor of any proposal to adjourn or postpone such meeting of Companys shareholders to a
later date if there are not sufficient votes to approve the Merger Agreement or the Company Articles Amendment, (C) against any Acquisition
Proposal, and (D) against any action, proposal, transaction, agreement or amendment of the Company Articles or Company Bylaws, in each
case of this clause (D), which would reasonably be expected to (1) result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any
other obligation or agreement of Company contained in the Merger Agreement, or of the Shareholder contained in this Agreement or (2) prevent,
impede, delay, interfere with, postpone, discourage or frustrate the purposes of or adversely affect the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger and the Company Articles Amendment. The Shareholder agrees to exercise all
voting or other determination rights the Shareholder has in any trust or other legal entity to carry out the intent and purposes of the
Shareholders obligations in this paragraph and otherwise set forth in this Agreement. The Shareholder represents, covenants and
agrees that, except for this Agreement, the Shareholder (x) has not entered into, and shall not enter into during the Support Period,
any support or voting agreement or voting trust or similar agreement with respect to the Shares that would be inconsistent with the Shareholders
obligations under this Agreement and (y) has not granted, and shall not grant during the Support Period, a proxy, consent or power of
attorney with respect to the Shares, except any proxy to carry out the intent of and the Shareholders obligations under this Agreement
and any revocable proxy granted to officers or directors of Company at the request of the Company Board of Directors in connection with
election of directors or other routine matters at any annual or special meeting of the Company shareholders. The Shareholder represents,
covenants and agrees that he, she or it has not entered into and will not enter into any agreement or commitment with any person the effect
of which would be inconsistent with or otherwise violate any of the provisions and agreements set forth herein; provided that nothing
in this sentence will prohibit any Permitted Transfer. With respect to the Additional Shares and any other shares of Common Stock over
which the Shareholder has shared voting power, the Shareholder shall exercise his, her or its individual voting power over such shares,
to the extent within his, her or its control, in a manner consistent with the Shareholders voting obligations under this Agreement
with respect to the Shares, it being understood that the Shareholder shall not have the power to cause other persons to exercise their
voting power accordingly. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Shares shall not include any securities beneficially
owned by Shareholder as a trustee or fiduciary for the benefit of a person other than the Shareholder.

2

4. Non-Solicitation. The Shareholder hereby agrees, and agrees to cause his, her or its controlled
Affiliates (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include Company or any of its Subsidiaries) and his, her or its and their respective
Representatives not to, take any action which, were it taken by Company or its Representatives, would violate Section 6.13 of the Merger
Agreement, it being understood that any action in compliance with Section 6.13 of the Merger Agreement shall not be deemed a breach by
the Shareholder of this Section 4.

5. Transfer Restrictions Prior to the Merger. The Shareholder hereby agrees that the Shareholder
will not, from the date hereof until the earlier of (a) the end of the Support Period and (b) approval of the Merger Agreement and the
Company Articles Amendment by the shareholders of Company by the Requisite Company Vote, directly or indirectly, offer for sale, sell,
transfer, assign, give, convey, tender in any tender or exchange offer, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or dispose of (by merger, by testamentary
disposition, by operation of law or otherwise), either voluntarily or involuntarily, enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers
to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of, or enter into any contract, option or other arrangement
or understanding with respect to the sale, transfer, assignment, conveyance, hypothecation or other transfer or disposition of, any of
the Shares, or any legal or beneficial interest therein, whether or not for value and whether voluntary or involuntary or by operation
of law (any of the foregoing, a Transfer); provided, that the Shareholder may Transfer Shares (i) to any of
its Affiliates, (ii) to any other Person to whom Parent has consented with respect to a Transfer by the Shareholder in advance in writing,
(iii) to (A) any Family Member (as defined below) of the Shareholder or to a trust solely for the benefit of the Shareholder and/or any
Family Member of the Shareholder or (B) upon the death of the Shareholder pursuant to the terms of any trust or will of the Shareholder
or by the applicable laws of intestate succession; provided that (x) in the case of clause (i), such Affiliate shall remain an
Affiliate of the Shareholder at all times following such Transfer and (y) in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), so long as the transferee,
prior to the date of Transfer, agrees in a signed writing to be bound by and comply with the provisions of this Agreement with respect
to such Transferred Shares, and the Shareholder provides at least three (3) business days prior written notice (or in the case
of a Transfer pursuant to clause (iii)(B), as promptly as reasonably practicable after such Transfer) (which shall include the written
consent of the transferee in form reasonably acceptable to Parent agreeing to be bound by and comply with the provisions of this Agreement)
to Parent, in which case the Shareholder (except in the case of the Shareholders death) shall remain responsible for any breach
of this Agreement by such transferee and (iv) to the extent set forth on Schedule B hereto (any Transfer permitted in accordance
with this Section 5, a Permitted Transfer). In the event of any Transfer that would qualify as a Permitted
Transfer under more than one of clauses (i) through (iv), the Shareholder may elect the clause to which such Transfer is subject for purposes
of complying with this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the term Family Member means (I) Shareholder and Shareholders
spouse, individually, (II) any descendant, niece or nephew of Shareholder or Shareholders spouse, (III) any charitable organization
created and primarily funded by any one or more individuals described in the foregoing (I) or (II), (IV) any estate, trust, guardianship,
custodianship or other fiduciary arrangement for the primary benefit of any one or more individuals or organizations described in the
foregoing (I), (II) or (III), and (V) any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business organization controlled
by and substantially all of the interests in which are owned, directly or indirectly, by any one or more individuals or organizations
named or described in the foregoing (I), (II), (III) or (IV). With respect to the Additional Shares and any other shares of Common Stock
over which the Shareholder has shared disposition power, the Shareholder agrees to exercise Shareholders individual disposition
power over such shares, to the extent within his, her or its control, in a manner consistent with the Shareholders restrictions
on Transfer under this Agreement with respect to the Shares, it being understood that the Shareholder shall not have the power to cause
other persons to restrict their disposition power accordingly.1

1 Support agreement
with PL Capital to include cash election provision.

3

6. Representations of the Shareholder. The Shareholder represents and warrants as follows:
(a) the Shareholder has full legal right, capacity and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform the Shareholders
obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (b) this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by the Shareholder and constitutes a valid and legally binding agreement of the Shareholder, enforceable against the Shareholder
in accordance with its terms, and no other action is necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder
or the performance of the Shareholders obligations hereunder; (c) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder
does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and the compliance with the provisions hereof will not, conflict
with or violate any law or result in any breach of or violation of, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of
time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or
result in the creation of a Lien on any of the Shares pursuant to, any agreement or other instrument or obligation binding upon the Shareholder
or the Shares, nor require any authorization, consent or approval of, or filing with, any Governmental Entity (other than an amendment
to such Shareholders Schedule 13D or 13G filed with the SEC, if applicable); (d) the Shareholder beneficially owns and has the
sole power to vote or direct the voting of the Shares, including all of the Shareholders Existing Shares as set forth on, and in
the amounts set forth on, Schedule A hereto, which as of the date hereof constitute all of the shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Shareholder and over which the Shareholder, directly or indirectly, has sole voting and dispositive authority; (e) the Shareholder
beneficially owns the Shareholders Existing Shares as set forth on Schedule A hereto free and clear of any proxy,
voting restriction, adverse claim or other Lien (other than any restrictions created by this Agreement, or under applicable federal or
state securities laws, or disclosed on the Shareholders Schedule 13D or 13G filed with the SEC, if applicable); and (f) the Shareholder
has read and is familiar with the terms of the Merger Agreement and the other agreements and documents contemplated herein and therein.
The Shareholder agrees that the Shareholder shall not take any action that would make any representation or warranty of the Shareholder
contained herein untrue or incorrect or have the effect of preventing, impairing, delaying or adversely affecting the performance by the
Shareholder of the Shareholders obligations under this Agreement; provided that nothing in this sentence will prohibit any
Permitted Transfer. As used in this Agreement, the terms beneficial owner, beneficially own
and beneficial ownership shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act).

7. Publicity. The Shareholder hereby authorizes Company and Parent to publish and disclose
in any announcement or disclosure in connection with the Merger, including in the Proxy Statement, the Offering Circular or any other
filing with any Governmental Entity made in connection with the Merger, the Shareholders identity and ownership of the Shareholders
Shares, the nature of the Shareholders obligations under this Agreement and such other information required in connection with
such disclosure; provided that, prior to any such announcement or disclosure, as well as any other disclosure that references the
Shareholder (individually or as part of a group), Company and/or Parent, as applicable, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide
the Shareholder with the opportunity to review and comment on any references to the Shareholder generally in such announcement or disclosure
and consider such comments in good faith. The Shareholder agrees to notify Parent as promptly as practicable of any inaccuracies or omissions
in any information relating to the Shareholder that is so published or disclosed. The Shareholder shall not be permitted to make any public
statement to the effect that Shareholder does not, or that other shareholders of the Company should not, support the Merger Agreement
or the transactions contemplated thereby.

8. Stock Dividends, Etc. In the event of any change in the Common Stock by reason of any reclassification,
recapitalization, reorganization, stock split (including a reverse stock split) or subdivision or combination, exchange or readjustment
of shares, or any stock dividend or stock distribution, merger or other similar change in capitalization, the terms Existing Shares
and Additional Shares shall be deemed to refer to and include such shares as well as all such stock dividends and distributions
and any securities into which or for which any or all of such shares may be changed or exchanged or which are received in such transaction.

4

9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and, to the extent referenced herein, the Merger Agreement
constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all other prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Nothing in this Agreement shall,
or shall be construed or deemed to, constitute a Transfer of any Shares or Additional Shares or any legal or beneficial interest in or
voting or other control over any of the Shares or Additional Shares or as creating or forming a group for purposes of the
Exchange Act, and all rights, ownership and benefits of and relating to the Shares shall remain vested in and belong to the Shareholder,
subject to the agreements of the parties set forth herein. This Agreement is intended to create, and creates, a contractual relationship
and is not intended to create, and does not create, any agency, partnership, joint venture or other like relationship between the parties.

10. Assignment; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation
of law or otherwise and, except as provided herein, shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto and is
not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.

11. Remedies/Specific Enforcement. Each of the parties hereto agrees that this Agreement is
intended to be legally binding and specifically enforceable pursuant to its terms and that each party would be irreparably harmed if any
of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms and that monetary damages would not provide
an adequate remedy in such event. Accordingly, in the event of any breach or threatened breach by any party of any provision contained
in this Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which the other parties may be entitled whether at law or in equity (including monetary
damages), each other party shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement and to
specifically enforce the terms and provisions hereof, and each party hereby waives any defense in any action for specific performance
or an injunction or other equitable relief that a remedy at law would be adequate. Each party further agrees that no party shall
be required to obtain, furnish or post any bond or similar instrument in connection with or as a condition to obtaining any remedy referred
to in this paragraph, and each party irrevocably waives any right such party may have to require the obtaining, furnishing or posting
of any such bond or similar instrument.

12. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Venue. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance
with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to any applicable conflict of law principles. Each of the parties hereto
agrees that it will bring any action or proceeding in respect of any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby exclusively in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction located in the Commonwealth of Virginia (the Chosen
Courts), and, solely in connection with claims arising under this Agreement or the transactions that are the subject of this
Agreement, (i) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (ii) waives any objection to laying venue in any
such action or proceeding in the Chosen Courts, (iii) waives any objection that the Chosen Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not
have jurisdiction over any party and (iv) agrees that service of process upon such party in any such action or proceeding will be effective
if notice is given in accordance with Section 13.

5

13. Notice. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given if delivered personally, by e-mail transmission (provided that no transmission error is received), mailed by registered or
certified mail (return receipt requested) or delivered by an express courier (with confirmation), if to the Shareholder, to his, her or
its address set forth on the signature pages hereto, and if to Parent, to the following addresses (or at such other address for a party
as shall be specified by like notice):

G. Robert Aston, Jr.

Executive Chairman

TowneBank

6001 Harbour View Boulevard

Suffolk, VA 23425

John M. Oakey III, Esq.

EVP and Deputy Chief Legal Officer

TowneBank

800 East Canal Street, Suite 700

Richmond, VA 23219

Email: jay.oakey@townebank.net

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz

51 West 52nd Street

New York, NY 10019

Attention: Matthew M. Guest

Eric M. Feinstein

E-mail: mguest@wlrk.com

emfeinstein@wlrk.com

14. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement
shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision or portion of any provision
of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction,
such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction,
and this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction such that the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision
or portion thereof shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.

15. Amendments; Waivers. Any provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified or waived
if, and only if, such amendment, modification or waiver is in writing and signed (a) in the case of an amendment or modification,
by Parent and the Shareholder, and (b) in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. No failure
or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

6

16. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES
AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE
EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AT THE TIME OF INSTITUTION OF THE APPLICABLE
LITIGATION, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER; (II) THE PARTY
UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER; (III) THE PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY; AND (IV) THE PARTY HAS
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 16.

17. No Representative Capacity. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein, this Agreement applies solely to the Shareholder in the Shareholders capacity as a shareholder of Company,
and, to the extent the Shareholder serves as a member of the board of directors or as an officer of Company, nothing in this Agreement
shall limit or affect any actions or omissions taken by the Shareholder in the Shareholders capacity as a director or officer
and not as a shareholder.

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed
by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.

19. Delivery by Electronic Transmission. This Agreement
and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Agreement, and any amendments or waivers hereto or thereto,
to the extent signed and delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, shall be treated in all manner and respects
as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed
version thereof delivered in person. No party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file to deliver a signature to this Agreement or any amendment hereto or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument
was transmitted or communicated through the e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file as a defense to the formation of
a contract and each party hereto forever waives any such defense.

[Signature pages follow]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the parties
and is effective as of the date first set forth above:

TOWNEBANK

By: 

Name: G. Robert Aston, Jr.

Title: Executive Chairman

SHAREHOLDER:2

Name:

Address for Notices:

[]

2 Shareholder is executing this Agreement in all capacities in which the Shareholder
has, or may in the future have, voting and/or disposition power with respect to shares of Common Stock.

Schedule
A

Existing Share Information

Name of Holder Existing Shares 

Additional Share Information3

Name of Holder Additional Shares 

3 Based on best available information
as of March 31, 2025. 

Schedule
B

Permitted Transfers

1. Sales to satisfy any Tax liability incurred by the Shareholder in respect of vesting of Company Restricted Stock Awards held by Shareholder.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>opof-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>opof-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>opof-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 000-12896

Entity Registrant Name OLD POINT FINANCIAL CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0000740971

Entity Tax Identification Number 54-1265373

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code VA

Entity Address, Address Line One 101 East Queen Street

Entity Address, City or Town Hampton

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 23669

City Area Code 757

Local Phone Number 728-1200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material true

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $5.00 par value

Trading Symbol OPOF

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://oldpoint.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

opof-20250402.xsd 
opof-20250402_lab.xml 
opof-20250402_pre.xml 
tm2511458d3_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-032666-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm2511458d3_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000740971 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000740971 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
OLD POINT FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
VA 
000-12896 
54-1265373 
101 East Queen Street 
Hampton 
VA 
23669 
757 
728-1200 
false 
true 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $5.00 par value 
OPOF 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>