<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-021403.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-021403.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206085947
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-021403
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250206
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Revance Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001479290
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				770551645
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36297
		FILM NUMBER:		25595625

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1222 DEMONBREUN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6157247755

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1222 DEMONBREUN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37203
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d914912d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001479290--12-3100014792902025-02-062025-02-06

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 6, 2025

Revance Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 001-36297 77-0551645

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1222 Demonbreun Street, Suite 2000, Nashville, Tennessee, 37203

(Address of principal executive offices and zip code)

(615)724-7755

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value RVNC Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note 

As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 21, 2025, Revance Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Revance or the Company), entered into a second amendment to the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 7, 2024 (previously amended as of December 11, 2024, and as amended, the A&R Merger Agreement), by and among the Company, Crown Laboratories, Inc. a Delaware corporation (Parent) and Reba Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub, and together with Parent, the Buyer Parties). The A&R Merger Agreement amends and restates the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Original Agreement), dated as of August 11, 2024, by and among the Company and the Buyer Parties. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined have the meaning set forth in the A&R Merger Agreement. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 6, 2025, the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee), entered into the first supplemental indenture, dated as of February 6, 2025 (the First Supplemental Indenture), to the base indenture, dated as of February 14, 2020 (the base indenture as so supplemented, the Indenture), relating to the Companys 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Convertible Notes). 

As a result of the Merger, and pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture, from and after the Effective Time, the 2027 Convertible Notes are no longer convertible into shares of the Companys common stock. Rather, a holders right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes into shares of the Companys common stock has been changed to the right to convert such principal amount solely into a number of units of Reference Property (as defined in the Indenture) in an aggregate amount equal to the conversion rate of the 2027 Convertible Notes, in effect on the applicable conversion date (subject to any adjustments pursuant to the terms of the Indenture), with each unit of Reference Property consisting of $3.65 in cash. The foregoing descriptions of the Indenture and the transactions contemplated thereby are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Indenture as incorporated by reference in Exhibit 4.2 of Revances most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. A copy of the First Supplemental Indenture is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets 

Pursuant to the A&R Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, on December 12, 2024, Merger Sub commenced a tender offer (as amended and/or supplemented from time to time as permitted by the A&R Merger Agreement, the Offer) to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Company Common Stock, each a Share and collectively, the Shares), other than Shares held by Parent, Merger Sub or their affiliates (as defined in Section 251(h) of the DGCL) and Dissenting Shares, at a price of $3.65 per Share (such amount per Share, the Offer Price), in cash, without interest and less any applicable tax withholding. 

The Offer expired as scheduled at one (1) minute after 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on February 4, 2025. Computershare Trust Company, N.A., in its capacity as depositary and paying agent for the Offer, advised that, as of the expiration of the Offer, a total of 86,197,893 Shares were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, representing approximately 82% of the outstanding Shares other than the Excluded Shares. On February 6, 2025, Merger Sub irrevocably accepted for payment all Shares that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn. 

The number of Shares validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer satisfied the Minimum Condition. As all the remaining conditions to the Merger set forth in the A&R Merger Agreement were satisfied or waived, and on February 6, 2025, Merger Sub merged with and into Revance pursuant to Section 251(h) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (the DGCL), with Revance being the surviving corporation (the Merger, and together with the Offer, the Transaction). At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each Share (other than the Excluded Shares) converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Offer Price, net to the holder of such Share in cash, without interest and subject to any required withholding of taxes. 

In addition, at the Effective Time, (i) each Vested Company RSU and Vested Company RSA that is subject to service-based vesting conditions and outstanding or that vests in accordance with its terms as a result of the consummation of the Merger, and each Director RSA was canceled and converted into the right to receive a lump sum payment, without interest thereon and subject to applicable withholding taxes, equal to, (a) with respect to each Vested Company RSU, the product of 

the Per Share Price and the total number of Shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Vested Company RSU as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and (b) with respect to each Vested Company RSA and Director RSA, the Per Share Price, (ii) each Vested Company Option and Director Option, in each case, granted under any Company Equity Plan, was canceled and converted into the right to receive a lump sum cash payment, without interest thereon and subject to applicable withholding taxes, equal to the product of (a) the excess, if any, of the Per Share Price over the applicable exercise price per share of Company Common Stock subject to such Vested Company Option and Director Option, as applicable, and (b) the number of Shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Vested Company Option and Director Option, as applicable, and (iii) each Company equity award that vests based on the achievement of performance-based conditions (Company Performance Awards) vested in accordance with its terms, resulting in the forfeiture of all Company Performance Awards other than the performance stock unit awards granted in 2023. 

At the Effective Time, (i) each Unvested Company RSU and Unvested Company RSA that is subject to service-based vesting conditions and outstanding was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, without interest thereon and subject to applicable withholding taxes, equal to (a) with respect to each Unvested Company RSU, the product of the Per Share Price and the total number of Shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Unvested Company RSU as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (Cash Replacement Company RSU Amount) and (b) with respect to each Unvested Company RSA, the Per Share Price (Cash Replacement Company RSA Amount) and (ii) each Unvested Company Option was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, without interest thereon and subject to applicable withholding taxes, equal to the product of (a) the excess, if any, of the Per Share Price over the applicable exercise price per share of Company Common Stock subject to such Unvested Company Option and (b) the number of Shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Unvested Company Option (Cash Replacement Option Amount and, together with the Cash Replacement Company RSU Amount, and Cash Replacement Company RSA Amount, the Cash Replacement Amount). Each Vested Company Option and Unvested Company Option that has a per share exercise price that is equal to or greater than the Per Share Price was canceled as of the Effective Time without any cash payment or other consideration being paid in respect thereof. Each Cash Replacement Amount will, subject to the holders continued service with Parent or its affiliates (including the Company or its subsidiaries) through the applicable vesting dates, vest and be payable at the same time as the underlying equity award for which such Cash Replacement Amount was exchanged would have vested and been payable pursuant to its terms. If a holder of such Cash Replacement Amount incurs a Qualifying Termination, the unpaid portion of the Cash Replacement Amount will vest and become payable. 

The description of the Offer and the Merger does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to (i) the A&R Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2024, (ii) the Amendment to the A&R Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2024 and (iii) Amendment No. 2 to the A&R Merger Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2025 (each, respectively, is incorporated herein by reference). The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is also incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.04 Triggering Events that Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement. 

The consummation of the Transaction constitutes a Share Exchange Event, a Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (each as defined in the Indenture) under the Indenture. The effective date of each of the Fundamental Change and the Make-Whole Fundamental Change is February 6, 2025, the date of the consummation of the Transaction. As a result of the Fundamental Change, each holder of 2027 Convertible Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase its 2027 Convertible Notes. 

In addition, as a result of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change and in accordance with the Indenture and Section 2.01 of the First Supplemental Indenture, holders who surrender their 2027 Convertible Notes for conversion from and after the Effective Time at any time when the 2027 Convertible Notes are convertible will receive cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (each as defined in the Indenture), multiplied by the Offer Price of $3.65, and will not receive any Shares. 

Item 3.01. 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

In connection with the consummation of the Transaction described in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated by reference herein, Revance notified The Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq) of the consummation of the Merger and requested that Nasdaq (i) halt trading in the Shares, (ii) suspend trading of and delist the Shares and (iii) file with the SEC a notification of removal from listing and/or registration on Form 25 to effect the delisting of all Shares from 

Nasdaq and the deregistration of such Shares under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). The trading of the Shares was halted following after-hours trading on the evening of February 5, 2025, and Nasdaq will file the Form 25 with the SEC on February 6, 2025. In addition, Revance intends to file a certification and notice of termination of registration on Form 15 with the SEC requesting the termination of registration of the Shares under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Shares. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3.03. 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 3.01 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.01. 

Changes in Control of Registrant. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

As a result of the Merger, at the Effective Time, a change in control of the Company occurred, and the Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. Parent funded the consideration payable in connection with the Merger and paid the fees and expenses required to be paid at the Closing Date of the Merger by Parent and Merger Sub under the A&R Merger Agreement, with debt and equity financing. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Pursuant to the terms of the A&R Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each of the directors of the Company (Angus C. Russell, Chris Nolet, Jill Beraud, Vlad Coric, Mark J. Foley, Julian S. Gangolli, Carey OConnor Kolaja and Olivia C. Ware) resigned as directors of the Company. These resignations were in connection with the Merger and not as a result of any disagreements between the Company and the resigning individuals or any matters related to the Companys operations, policies or practices. 

As of the Effective Time, in accordance with the A&R Merger Agreement, Jeffery A Bedard became the sole director of the Company. 

Pursuant to the terms of the A&R Merger Agreement, the officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time became the officers of the surviving corporation, effective as of the Effective Time. The officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time were Jeffery A Bedard as Chief Executive Officer, Nadeem Moiz as President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, and Shellie L. Hammock as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Following completion of the Merger, all of the incumbent officers of the Company, as of immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Merger, were removed as officers of the Company. 

Biographical and other information with respect to Jeffery A Bedard, Nadeem Moiz, and Shellie L. Hammock is set forth in Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit (a)(1)(A) to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed with the SEC by Parent on December 12, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.03. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

Pursuant to the terms of the A&R Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, Revances certificate of incorporation and bylaws were each amended and restated in their entirety. Copies of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws are attached as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On February 6, 2025, the Parent issued a press release announcing the completion of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

2.1 

Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Crown Laboratories, Inc., Reba Merger Sub, Inc. and Revance Therapeutics, Inc., dated as of December 7, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed by Revance with the SEC on December 9, 2024). 

2.2 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Crown Laboratories, Inc., Reba Merger Sub, Inc. and Revance Therapeutics, Inc., dated as of December 11, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed by Revance with the SEC on December 12, 2024). 

2.3 

Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Crown Laboratories, Inc., Reba Merger Sub, Inc. and Revance Therapeutics, Inc., dated as of January 17, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed by Revance with the SEC on January 21, 2025). 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Revance Therapeutics, Inc. 

3.2 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of Revance Therapeutics, Inc. 

4.1 

First Supplemental Indenture, by and among Revance Therapeutics, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, dated as of February 6, 2025. 

99.1 

Press Release issued by Crown Laboratories, Inc., dated February 6, 2025. 

99.2 

Schedule I: Directors and Executive Officers of Crown, Merger Sub and Certain Related Parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1)(A) to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed by Crown with the SEC on December 12, 2024). 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Revance Therapeutics, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Jeffery A. Bedard

Name: Jeffery A. Bedard

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: February 6, 2025 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d914912dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

REVANCE THERAPEUTICS,
INC. 

ARTICLE ONE 

The name of the corporation is Revance Therapeutics, Inc. (hereinafter called the Corporation). 

ARTICLE TWO 

The address of the Corporations registered office in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, New
Castle County, Delaware 19808. The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 

ARTICLE THREE

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). 

ARTICLE FOUR 

The total number of shares which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is one hundred (100) shares, all of
which shall be shares of Common Stock, with a par value of $0.01 per share. 

ARTICLE FIVE 

The directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws),
except as may be otherwise be provided in the Bylaws. 

ARTICLE SIX 

The Corporation expressly elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. 

ARTICLE SEVEN 

Section 1.Liability. The liability of the directors for monetary damages shall be eliminated
to the fullest extent under applicable law. 

Section 2.Indemnification. To the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) directors, officers and agents of the Corporation (and any other persons to which applicable law permits the Corporation
to provide indemnification) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents or other persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise in excess of the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by such applicable
law. If applicable law is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article Seven to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director to the company shall be
eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as so amended. 

Section 3.Amendment. Any repeal or modification of this Article Seven shall only be
prospective and shall not affect the rights or protections or increase the liability of any director under this Article Seven in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any act or omission to act giving rise to liability or indemnification.

ARTICLE EIGHT 

The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provisions contained in this Certificate of Incorporation from time
to time and at any time in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by the laws of the State of Delaware, and all rights conferred upon stockholders and directors are granted subject to such reservation. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be executed by its duly authorized officer on this 6th day of February, 2025. 

REVANCE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Jeffery Bedard

Name: Jeffery Bedard

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d914912dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

OF 

REVANCE THERAPEUTICS,
INC. 

A Delaware Corporation 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES

Section 1. Registered Office. The registered office of Revance Therapeutics, Inc. (the
Corporation) shall be located at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19808. The name of the Corporations registered agent at such address shall be Corporation Service Company. The registered
office and/or registered agent of the Corporation may be changed from time to time by action of the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors). 

Section 2. Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the
State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 1. Place and Time of Meetings. An annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held each year for the
purpose of electing directors and conducting such other proper business as may come before the meeting. The date, time and place of the annual meeting shall be determined by resolution of the board of directors. Only stockholders entitled to vote at
an annual meeting shall have the right to attend such annual meeting. 

Section 2. Special Meetings. Special
meetings of stockholders may be called for any purpose (including, without limitation, the filling of Board of Directors vacancies and newly created directorships), and may be held at such time and place, within or without the State of Delaware, as
shall be stated in a notice of meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. Such meetings may be called at any time by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors, or upon the written request to the Corporation of holders of
shares entitled to cast not less than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of the Corporations voting stock. Only stockholders entitled to vote at a special meeting shall have the right to attend such special meeting. 

Section 3. Place of Meetings. The Board of Directors may designate any place, either within or without the State
of Delaware, as the place of meeting for any annual meeting or for any special meeting called by the Board of Directors. If no designation is made, or if a special meeting be otherwise called, the meeting shall

be held telephonically or at the principal executive office of the Corporation. 

Section 4. Notice. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take action at a meeting, written or printed
notice stating the place, date, time, and, in the case of special meetings, the purpose or purposes, of such meeting, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the
meeting. All such notices shall be delivered, either personally or by mail, by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or the secretary, and if mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in
the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at his, her or its address as the same appears on the records of the Corporation. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except
when the person attends for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be
given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable
by the stockholder by written notice to the Corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (1) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such
consent and (2) such inability becomes known to the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided that the inadvertent failure to treat
such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. Notice given by a form of electronic transmission shall be deemed given: (i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder
has consented to receive notice; (ii) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (iii) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice
to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and (iv) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. An affidavit of
the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the corporation that the notice has been given by a form of electronic transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated
therein. For purposes of this Section 4, electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved
and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process. 

Section 5. Stockholders List. The officer having charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall make, at
least ten days before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of
each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where
the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the
whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. 

2 

Section 6. Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by applicable
law or by the Corporations certificate of incorporation, a majority of the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. If less than a
majority of the outstanding shares is represented at a meeting, a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn the meeting from time to time in accordance with Section 7 of this Article II, until a quorum shall be
present or represented. 

Section 7. Adjourned Meetings. When a meeting is adjourned to another time and place,
notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at
the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at
the meeting. 

Section 8. Vote Required. When a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of the majority of
shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders, unless the question is one upon which by express provisions of an applicable law or of the
Corporations certificate of incorporation a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. Where a separate vote by class is required, the affirmative vote of the
majority of shares of such class present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class, unless the question is one upon which by express provisions of an applicable law or of the Corporations certificate of
incorporation a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. 

Section 9. Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided by the DGCL or by the Corporations certificate of
incorporation and subject to Section 3 of Article VI hereof, every stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of stock entitled to vote held by such
stockholder. 

Section 10. Proxies. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to
express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him, her or it by proxy. Every proxy must be signed by the stockholder granting the proxy or by his, her or its attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be
irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is
coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the Corporation generally. 

Section 11. Action by
Written Consent. Unless otherwise provided in the Corporations certificate of incorporation, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any
annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken and bearing the dates of signature of the stockholders
who signed the consent or consents, shall be signed by the holders of 

3 

outstanding stock having not less than a majority of the shares entitled to vote, or, if greater, not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such
action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the state of Delaware, or the Corporations principal place of business,
or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book or books in which proceedings of meetings of the stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered
mail, return receipt requested; provided that no consent or consents delivered by certified or registered mail shall be deemed delivered until such consent or consents are actually received at the registered office. All consents properly
delivered in accordance with this section shall be deemed to be recorded when so delivered. No written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent delivered to the
Corporation as required by this section, written consents signed by the holders of a sufficient number of shares to take such corporate action are so recorded. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than
unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. Any action taken pursuant to such written consent or consents of the stockholders shall have the same force and effect as if taken by the stockholders
at a meeting thereof. 

Section 12. Ratification of Acts of Directors and Officers. Except as otherwise
provided by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, any transaction or contract or act of the Corporation or of the directors or the officers of the Corporation may be ratified by the affirmative vote of the holders of the
number of shares which would have been necessary to approve such transaction, contract or act at a meeting of stockholders, or by the written consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting. 

ARTICLE III 

DIRECTORS

Section 1. General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the
direction of the Board of Directors. 

Section 2. Number, Election, Voting Rights and Term of Office. The
number of directors shall be established by the board from time to time but shall not be less than one (1) and not more than five (5). The directors shall be elected by a majority of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by
proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote in the election of directors. The directors shall be elected in this manner at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 4 of this Article III. Each
director elected shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided. 

Section 3. Removal and Resignation. Any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed at any time, with
or without cause, by the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Whenever the holders of any class or series are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the
Corporations certificate of incorporation, the provisions of this section shall apply, in respect to the removal without cause of 

4 

a director or directors so elected, to the vote of the holders of the outstanding shares of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole. Any director may resign
at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. 

Section 4. Vacancies. Except as otherwise provided by the
Corporations certificate of incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote
thereon or by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors then in office. Each director so chosen shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as herein provided.

Section 5. Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of each newly elected Board of Directors shall be held without
other notice than this bylaw immediately after, and at the same place as, the annual meeting of stockholders. 

Section 6. Other Meetings and Notice. Regular meetings, other than the annual meeting, of the Board of Directors
may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the chairman or a majority
of the members of the Board of Directors then in office on at least four days (if the meeting is to be held in person) or two days (if the meeting is to be held by telephone communications or video conference) notice to each director, either
personally, by telephone, by mail, by e-mail, or by telegraph with a sufficient time for the convenient assembly (including, without limitation, in accordance with Section 10 of this
Article III) of the directors thereat. 

Section 7. Quorum, Required Vote and Adjournment. A majority of
the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote of a majority of the total number of directors then appointed to the Board of Directors shall be the act of the Board of Directors. If a quorum shall
not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat shall adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 

Section 8. Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the total number of
directors then appointed to the Board of Directors, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation, which to the extent provided in such resolution or these bylaws shall have and may
exercise the powers of the Board of Directors in the management and affairs of the Corporation except as otherwise limited by law. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any
absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. Each committee shall keep regular
minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors when required. 

Section 9. Committee
Rules. Each committee of the Board of Directors may fix its own rules of procedure and shall hold its meetings as provided by such rules, except as may otherwise be provided by a resolution of the Board of Directors designating such committee.
Unless otherwise provided in such a resolution, the presence of at least a majority of the members of the 

5 

committee shall be necessary to constitute a quorum. In the event that a member and that members alternate, if alternates are designated by the Board of Directors as provided in
Section 8 of this Article III, of such committee is or are absent or disqualified, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a
quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. 

Section 10. Communications Equipment. Members of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may participate
in and act at any meeting of such Board of Directors or committee through the use of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in the
meeting pursuant to this section shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

Section 11. Waiver of Notice
and Presumption of Assent. Any member of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof who is present at a meeting shall be conclusively presumed to have waived notice of such meeting except when such member attends for the express purpose of
objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Such member shall be conclusively presumed to have assented to any action taken unless his or her dissent shall be
entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless his or her written dissent to such action shall be filed with the person acting as the secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall be forwarded by registered mail to the secretary
of the Corporation immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to any member who voted in favor of such action. 

Section 12. Action by Written Consent. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation, any action
required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all the then members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the
writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee. 

Section 13. Fees and
Compensation. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the members of the Board of Directors may, if it so desires, authorize members of the Board of Directors to be compensated for their expenses, if any,
of attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors. Such compensation may, in the Board of Directors discretion, also include a fixed sum for each meeting and an annual fee for serving as a director, such as may be
allowed by resolution of the Board of Directors. Directors who are officers or employees of the Corporation may receive, if the Board of Directors desires, fees for serving as directors. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any
director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 

ARTICLE IV 

OFFICERS 

Section 1. Number. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected by the Board of Directors and shall consist of
a chairman, if any is elected, a chief executive officer, a president, one or more vice presidents, a secretary, a chief financial officer and such other officers and 

6 

assistant officers as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the Board of Directors. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, except that no person may simultaneously hold the
office of president and secretary. In its discretion, the Board of Directors may choose not to fill any office for any period as it may deem advisable. 

Section 2. Election and Term of Office. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of
Directors at its first meeting held after each annual meeting of stockholders or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. The chief executive officer shall appoint other officers to serve for such terms as he or she deems desirable. Vacancies may
be filled or new offices created and filled at any meeting of the Board of Directors. Each officer shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided.

Section 3. Subordinate Officers. In addition to the principal officers enumerated in Section 1 of this
Article IV, the Corporation may have one or more assistant treasurers, one or more assistant secretaries and such other officers, agents and employees as the Board of Directors may deem necessary, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have
such authority, and perform such duties as the president, the chief executive officer, if any, or the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. The Board of Directors may delegate to any principal officer the power to appoint and to remove
any such subordinate officers, agents or employees. 

Section 4. Removal. Any officer or agent elected by the
Board of Directors may be removed by the Board of Directors whenever in its judgment the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed.

Section 5. Vacancies. Any vacancy occurring in any office because of death, resignation, removal,
disqualification or otherwise, may be filled by the Board of Directors for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors then in office. 

Section 6. Compensation. Compensation of all officers shall be fixed by the Board of Directors, and no officer
shall be prevented from receiving such compensation by virtue of his or her also being a director of the Corporation. 

Section 7. Power and duties. The officers shall each have such authority and perform such duties in the management
of the Corporation as from time to time may be prescribed by the Board of Directors and as may be delegated by the president or the chief executive officer, if any, without limiting the foregoing. 

Section 8. The Chairman of the Board of Directors. The chairman of the Board of Directors, if one shall have been
elected, shall be a member of the Board of Directors and, if present, shall preside at each meeting of the Board of Directors or shareholders. The chairman of the Board of Directors, in his or her capacity as the chairman of the Board of Directors,
shall not have any of the rights, powers or obligations of an officer of the Corporation, unless he or she is appointed as an officer of the Corporation by the Board of Directors. 

Section 9. The Chief Executive Officer. In the absence of the chairman of the Board of Directors or if a chairman
of the Board of Directors shall have not been elected, the chief executive 

7 

officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and Board of Directors at which he or she is present; subject to the powers of the Board of Directors, shall have general charge of the
business, affairs and property of the Corporation, and control over its officers, agents and employees; and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. The chief executive officer shall have such
other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or as may be provided in these bylaws. 

Section 10. The President. The president shall, in the absence or disability of the chief executive officer, act
with all of the powers and be subject to all the restrictions of the chief executive officer. The president shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or as
may be provided in these bylaws. 

Section 11. Vice-presidents. The vice-president, if any, or if there shall
be more than one, the vice-presidents in the order determined by the Board of Directors shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or these bylaws may, from time to time,
prescribe. 

Section 12. The Secretary and Assistant Secretaries. The secretary shall attend all meetings of
the Board of Directors, all meetings of the committees thereof and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the meetings in a book or books to be kept for that purpose. Under the chief executive officers supervision,
the secretary shall give, or cause to be given, all notices required to be given by these bylaws or by law; shall have such powers and perform such duties as the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or these bylaws may, from time to time,
prescribe; and shall have custody of the corporate seal of the Corporation. The secretary, or an assistant secretary, shall have authority to affix the corporate seal to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by his or
her signature or by the signature of such assistant secretary. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing by his or her signature. The assistant secretary,
or if there be more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the secretary, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other
duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, or secretary may, from time to time, prescribe. 

Section 13. The Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Treasurer. The chief financial officer shall have the
custody of the corporate funds and securities; shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation; shall deposit all monies and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the
Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors; shall cause the funds of the Corporation to be disbursed when such disbursements have been duly authorized, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements; and shall render to the chief
executive officer and the Board of Directors, at its regular meeting or when the Board of Directors so requires, an account of the Corporation; shall have such powers and perform such duties as the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or
these bylaws may, from time to time, prescribe. The assistant treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the assistant treasurers in the order determined by the Board of Directors, shall in the absence or disability of the chief financial
officer, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the chief financial officer. 

8 

The assistant treasurers shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or chief financial officer may, from time to time,
prescribe. 

Section 14. Other Officers, Assistant Officers and Agents. Officers, assistant officers and
agents, if any, other than those whose duties are provided for in these bylaws, shall have such authority and perform such duties as may from time to time be prescribed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Section 15. Absence or Disability of Officers. In the case of the absence or disability of any officer of the
Corporation and of any person hereby authorized to act in such officers place during such officers absence or disability, the Board of Directors may by resolution delegate the powers and duties of such officer to any other officer or to
any director, or to any other person whom it may select. 

ARTICLE V 

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, OTHER OFFICERS, 

EMPLOYEES AND OTHER AGENTS. 

Section 1. Directors and Executive Officers. The Corporation shall indemnify its directors and executive officers
(for the purposes of this Article V, executive officers shall have the meaning defined in Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the 1934 Act) to the extent not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware (DGCL) or any other applicable law; provided, however, that the Corporation may modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with its directors and executive officers; and,
provided, further, that the Corporation shall not be required to indemnify any director or executive officer in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless (i) such indemnification is expressly
required to be made by law, (ii) the proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, (iii) such indemnification is provided by the Corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the
Corporation under the DGCL or any other applicable law or (iv) such indemnification is required to be made under subsection (d). 

Section 2. Other Officers, Employees and Other Agents. The Corporation shall have power to indemnify its other
officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate the determination of whether indemnification shall be given to any such person except executive
officers to such officers or other persons as the Board of Directors shall determine. 

Section 3. Expenses.
The Corporation shall advance to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact
that he or she is or was a director or executive officer, of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or executive officer of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, promptly following request therefor, all expenses incurred by any director or executive officer in connection with such proceeding provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of
expenses incurred by a director or executive officer in such persons capacity as a director or executive 

9 

officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery
to the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right
to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication) that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this section or otherwise. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to paragraph (e) of this section, no advance shall be
made by the Corporation to an executive officer of the Corporation (except by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the Corporation in which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any action, suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) by a majority vote of directors who were not parties to the proceeding, even if not a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such
directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the
decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation.

Section 4. Enforcement. Without the necessity of entering into an express contract, all rights to
indemnification and advances to directors and executive officers under this bylaw shall be deemed to be contractual rights and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the Corporation and the director or executive
officer. Any right to indemnification or advances granted by this section to a director or executive officer shall be enforceable by or on behalf of the person holding such right in any court of competent jurisdiction if (i) the claim for
indemnification or advances is denied, in whole or in part, or (ii) no disposition of such claim is made within ninety (90) days of request therefor. To the extent permitted by law, the claimant in such enforcement action, if successful in
whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting the claim. In connection with any claim for indemnification, the Corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action that the claimant has not met the
standards of conduct that make it permissible under the DGCL or any other applicable law for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. In connection with any claim by an executive officer of the Corporation (except in any
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the Corporation) for advances, the Corporation shall be entitled to raise a defense as to
any such action clear and convincing evidence that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
that such person acted without reasonable cause to believe that such persons conduct was lawful. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a
determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law, nor an actual
determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or

10 

create a presumption that claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. In any suit brought by a director or executive officer to enforce a right to indemnification or to an
advancement of expenses hereunder, the burden of proving that the director or executive officer is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this section or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. 

Section 5. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any person
by this bylaw shall not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any applicable law, provision of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The Corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers,
employees or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL, or by any other applicable law. 

Section 6. Survival of Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this bylaw shall continue as to a person who
has ceased to be a director or executive officer or officer, employee or other agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 

Section 7. Insurance. To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL or any other applicable law, the Corporation,
upon approval by the Board of Directors, may purchase insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this section. 

Section 8. Amendments. Any repeal or modification of this section shall only be prospective and shall not affect
the rights under this bylaw in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any proceeding against any agent of the Corporation. 

Section 9. Saving Clause. If this bylaw or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of
competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this section that shall not have been invalidated, or by any other
applicable law. If this section shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent under any other applicable
law. 

Section 10. Certain Definitions. For the purposes of this bylaw, the following definitions shall apply:

1. The term proceeding shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, the investigation,
preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative. 

2. The term expenses shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, court costs,
attorneys fees, witness fees, fines, amounts paid in settlement or 

11 

judgment and any other costs and expenses of any nature or kind incurred in connection with any proceeding. 

3. The term the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any
constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a
director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he or she would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.

4. References to a director, executive officer, officer, employee, or agent
of the Corporation shall include, without limitation, situations where such person is serving at the request of the Corporation as, respectively, a director, executive officer, officer, employee, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise. 

5. References to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans; references
to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or
agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner
he or she reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this
section. 

ARTICLE VI 

CAPITAL STOCK 

Section 1. Certificate of Shares. The shares of stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated, provided
that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be represented by certificates. If shares are represented by certificates, the certificates shall be in such form as required
by applicable law and as determined by the Board of Directors. Each certificate shall certify the number of shares owned by such holder in the Corporation and shall be signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by two authorized officers of the
Corporation including, but not limited to, the Chairperson of the Board (if an officer), the Chief Executive Officer and President, an Executive Vice President, the Secretary and an Assistant Secretary. Any or all signatures on the certificate may
be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile signature or signatures have been used on, any such certificate or certificates shall cease to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar of the
Corporation whether because of death, resignation or otherwise before such certificate or certificates have been issued by the Corporation, such certificate or 

12 

certificates may nevertheless be issued as though the person or persons who signed such certificate or certificates or whose facsimile signature or signatures have been used thereon had not
ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar of the Corporation at the date of issue. All certificates for shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified. The Board of Directors may appoint a bank or trust company organized
under the laws of the United States or any state thereof to act as its transfer agent or registrar, or both in connection with the transfer of any class or series of securities of the Corporation. The Corporation, or its designated transfer agent or
other agent, shall keep a book or set of books to be known as the stock transfer books of the Corporation, containing the name of each holder of record, together with such holders address and the number and class or series of shares held by
such holder and the date of issue. When shares are represented by certificates, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to each holder to whom such shares have been issued or transferred, certificates representing the shares owned by such holder,
and shares of stock of the Corporation shall only be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the holder of record thereof or by such holders attorney duly authorized in writing, upon surrender to the Corporation or its designated
transfer agent or other agent of the certificate or certificates for such shares endorsed by the appropriate person or persons, with such evidence of the authenticity of such endorsement, transfer, authorization and other matters as the Corporation
may reasonably require, and accompanied by all necessary stock transfer stamps. In that event, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate or certificates and record
the transaction on its books. When shares are not represented by certificates, shares of stock of the Corporation shall only be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the holder of record thereof or by such holders attorney duly
authorized in writing, with such evidence of the authenticity of such transfer, authorization and other matters as the Corporation may reasonably require, and accompanied by all necessary stock transfer stamps, and within a reasonable time after the
issuance or transfer of such shares, the Corporation shall, if required by applicable law, send the holder to whom such shares have been issued or transferred a written statement of the information required by applicable law. Unless otherwise
provided by applicable law, the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or any other instrument, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the
same class and series shall be identical. 

Section 2. Stock Ledger. A record shall be kept by the secretary,
transfer agent or by any other officer, employee or agent designated by the Board of Directors of the name of the person, firm or Corporation holding the stock represented by such certificate or uncertificated shares, the number of shares
represented by such certificate, and the date of issuance thereof, and in case of cancellation, the date of cancellation. 

Section 3. Cancellation. Every certificate surrendered to the Corporation for exchange or transfer shall be
cancelled, and no new certificate or certificates shall be issued in exchange for any existing certificate until such existing certificate shall have been so cancelled, except in cases provided for in Section 7 of this Article V. 

Section 4. Transfer of Stock. Transfers of shares of the capital stock of the Corporation shall be made only on
the books of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by his attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary of the Corporation or with a transfer clerk or a transfer agent appointed as
provided in Section 6 of this Article V, and on surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly endorsed 

13 

and the payment of all taxes thereon. The person in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the Corporation;
provided, however, that whenever any transfer of shares shall be made for collateral security, and not absolutely, such fact, if known to the secretary of the Corporation, shall be so expressed in the entry of transfer. 

Section 5. Regulations. The Board of Directors may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not
inconsistent with the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock of the Corporation. It may appoint, or authorize any principal officer or officers to
appoint, one or more transfer clerks or one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars, and may require all certificates of stock to bear the signature or signatures of any of them. 

Section 6. Last, Stolen, Mutilated or Destroyed Certificates. The Corporation may issue or direct a new
certificate or certificates or uncertificated shares to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates previously issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the
owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates or uncertificated shares, the Corporation may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the
owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct, sufficient to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against
the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares. 

Section 7. Record Date. The Board of Directors may fix a date (which shall not precede the date upon which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted) in advance of, not exceeding 60 days preceding, the date of any meeting of stockholders (and in such case not less than 10 days before the date of such meeting), or the date for the payment of any
dividend or distribution, or the date for the allotment of rights, or the date when any exercise of any rights, change or conversion or exchange of capital stock shall go into effect or a date in connection with obtaining any written consent to
corporate action without a meeting (and in such case not more than 10 days after the date on which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors), as a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, such meeting, and any adjournment thereof, or to receive payment of any dividend or distribution, or to receive any such allotment of rights, or to exercise the rights in respect of any such change, conversion or exchange
of capital stock or to give such written consent, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the books of the Corporation after any record date so fixed. If no record date is set by the Board of Directors then the record date
shall, unless otherwise required by law, be determined as follows: 

(a) the record date for determining stockholders
entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which
the meeting is held; 

14 

(b) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent
to corporate action in writing without a meeting when no prior action of the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the
Corporation in accordance with applicable law, or, if prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action; and 

(c) the record date for determining stockholders for any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the
stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect to any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or any other purpose, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

Section 8. Issue of New Shares or Sale of Treasury Stock. Shares of the capital stock of the Corporation which
have been authorized but not issued, and treasury shares, may be issued or sold from time to time and for such consideration, not less than the par value thereof, as may be determined by the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE VII 

GENERAL
PROVISIONS 

Section 1. Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the
provisions of the Corporations certificate of incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock,
subject to the provisions of the Corporations certificate of incorporation. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time,
in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or any other purpose and the directors may modify or abolish any
such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 

Section 2. Checks, Drafts or Orders. All checks, drafts,
or other orders for the payment of money by or to the Corporation and all notes and other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the Corporation, and in such
manner, as shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof. 

Section 3. Contracts. The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or officers, or any agent or agents, of the
Corporation to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 

Section 4. Loans. The Corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any
officer or other employee of the Corporation or of its subsidiary, including any officer or employee who is a director of the Corporation or its subsidiary, whenever, in the judgment of the directors, such loan, guaranty or assistance may reasonably
be expected to benefit the Corporation. The loan, guaranty or other assistance may be with or without interest, and may 

15 

be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the Corporation. Nothing in this section contained
shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the Corporation at common law or under any statute. 

Section 5. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year end for the Corporation shall be on December 31 of each calendar
year, unless otherwise fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Section 6. Corporate Seal. The Board of
Directors may provide a corporate seal that shall be in the form of a circle and shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation and the words Corporate Seal, Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof
to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. 

Section 7. Voting Securities Owned by Corporation.
Voting securities in any other Corporation held by the Corporation shall be voted by the chairman, unless the Board of Directors confers other authority to vote with respect thereto, which authority may be general or confined to specific instances,
upon some other person or officer. Any person authorized to vote securities shall have the power to appoint proxies, with general power of substitution. 

Section 8. Inspection of Books and Records. Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent,
shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporations stock ledger and a list of its stockholders and to make copies or extracts
therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean any purpose reasonably related to such persons interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent shall be the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath
shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in the State of
Delaware or at its principal place of business. 

Section 9. Section Headings. Section headings in these bylaws
are for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive effect in limiting or otherwise construing any provision herein. 

Section 10. Inconsistent Provisions. In the event that any provision of these bylaws is or becomes inconsistent
with any provision of the Corporations certificate of incorporation, the DGCL or any other applicable law the provisions of these bylaws shall not be given any effect to the extent of such inconsistency but shall otherwise be given full force
and effect. 

ARTICLE VIII 

AMENDMENTS 

These bylaws may be amended, altered, or repealed and new bylaws adopted at any meeting of the Board of Directors by a
majority vote or my unanimous written consent of the Board of Directors. The fact that the power to adopt, amend, alter, or repeal the bylaws has been conferred upon the Board of Directors shall not divest the stockholders of the same powers. 

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d914912dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this First Supplemental Indenture), dated as of February 6, 2025, between Revance
Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), a national banking association, as trustee (the
Trustee), supplementing the Indenture dated as of February 14, 2020 (the indenture as so supplemented, the Indenture). 

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY 

WHEREAS, the Issuer previously issued its 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes) pursuant to the Indenture;

WHEREAS, on August 11, 2024, the Issuer entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Original Merger
Agreement), by and among the Issuer, Crown Laboratories, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Crown Labs), and Reba Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub); 

WHEREAS, on December 7, 2024, the Issuer, Crown Labs and Merger Sub amended and restated the Original Merger Agreement in its entirety,
on the terms and conditions set forth in that certain Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended from time to time, the A&R Merger Agreement); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the A&R Merger Agreement, Merger Sub commenced a tender offer, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the Offer to Purchase dated December 12, 2024 and in the related Letter of Transmittal filed by Merger Sub and Crown Labs with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 12, 2024 (which, together with the Offer to Purchase,
as amended or supplemented from time to time, collectively constitute the Offer) to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Issuer (the Common Stock) for $3.65
per share, net in cash, without interest and less any required tax withholding; 

WHEREAS, on February 6, 2025, in accordance with the
Offer, Merger Sub purchased all shares of Common Stock that had been validly tendered and not withdrawn; 

WHEREAS, on February 6,
2025, pursuant to the A&R Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into the Issuer, with the Issuer surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Crown Labs (the Merger), and each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) (other than certain excluded shares of Common Stock as described in the A&R Merger Agreement) was converted into the right to receive $3.65 in cash,
without interest and subject to applicable withholding taxes; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 14.07(a) of the Indenture, the Merger
constitutes a Share Exchange Event with respect to the Notes, and the Indenture provides that, prior to or at the 

Effective Time, the Issuer shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture, without the consent of any Holders of Notes as permitted by Section 10.01(g) of the Indenture, providing
that, from and after the Effective Time, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes into shares of Common Stock shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of Reference Property
that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Share Exchange Event would have owned or been entitled to receive upon such Share Exchange Event; 

WHEREAS, the Merger constitutes a Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to the Notes under the Indenture; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the A&R Merger Agreement and Section 14.07(a) of the Indenture, each unit of Reference Property
consists of $3.65 in cash; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 14.03(b) of the Indenture, since the consideration paid to holders of the
Common Stock in the Merger is composed entirely of cash, for any conversion of Notes following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the Conversion Obligation shall be calculated based solely on the Stock Price for the
transaction and shall be deemed to be an amount of cash per $1,000 principal amount of converted Notes equal to the Conversion Rate (including any increase to reflect the Additional Shares), multiplied by such Stock Price; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 14.07(a) of the Indenture, if the holders of Common Stock receive only cash in any Share Exchange Event,
then for all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after the effective date of such Share Exchange Event the consideration due upon conversion of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be solely cash in an amount equal to
the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by any Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03 of the Indenture), multiplied by the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Share Exchange Event; 

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors has duly adopted resolutions authorizing the Company to execute and deliver this First Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this First Supplemental Indenture and has delivered to the
Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel; and 

WHEREAS, all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture
relating to the execution and delivery of this First Supplemental Indenture have been complied with or have been done or performed. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WITNESSETH: 

In consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration,
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Issuer and the Trustee agree as follows for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes: 

-2- 

ARTICLE I 

TERMS

Section 1.01. Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the
Indenture. 

ARTICLE II 

AMENDMENTS

Section 2.01. Conversion Right. In accordance with Section 14.07(a) of the Indenture, from and after the Effective Time, the
right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Rate is hereby changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes solely into a number of units of Reference Property in
an aggregate amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by any Additional Shares), multiplied by the Stock Price paid per share of Common Stock in the Merger, which will be cash equal to $112.71 per
$1,000 principal amount of Notes based on a Conversion Rate equal to (i) 30.8804 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes plus (ii) no Additional Shares. Accordingly, any reference in respect of the Holders
conversion rights to a single share of Common Stock in the Indenture shall be deemed a reference to a right to receive an amount equal to $3.65 and the provisions of the Indenture, as modified herein, shall continue to apply, mutatis mutandis, to
the Holders right to convert the Notes into Reference Property. 

Section 2.02. Last Reported Sale Price of the Common
Stock. With respect to any date from and after the Effective Time, the Last Reported Sale Price and Stock Price shall be $3.65, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture. 

Section 2.03. Adjustment to Conversion Rate in Connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change. The Conversion Rate for Notes
surrendered for conversion from, after and including the Effective Time, shall not be increased by Additional Shares in accordance with Section 14.03(e)(iii) of the Indenture. 

ARTICLE III 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 3.01. Effectiveness; Construction. The First Supplemental Indenture shall become effective upon its execution and delivery
by the Issuer and the Trustee as of the date hereof. Upon such effectiveness, the Indenture shall be supplemented in accordance herewith. The First Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes
heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered under the Indenture shall be bound thereby. The Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture shall henceforth be read and construed together. 

Section 3.02. Indenture Remains in Full Force and Effect. Except as supplemented hereby, all provisions in the Indenture shall
remain in full force and effect. 

-3- 

Section 3.03. Trustee Matters. The Trustee accepts the Indenture, as
supplemented hereby, and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions set forth therein, as supplemented hereby. The Trustee shall be entitled to the benefit of every provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the
liability or affording protection to the Trustee, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided. The recitals contained in the First Supplemental Indenture shall be taken as the statements of the Issuer, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for
their correctness. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of the First Supplemental Indenture. 

Section 3.04. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in the First Supplemental Indenture, expressed or implied, shall give to any
Person, other than the parties to the Indenture, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, any authenticating agent, any Security Registrar and their successors under the Indenture or the Holders of the Notes, any benefit or any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under the Indenture, as supplemented hereby. 

Section 3.05. Severability. In the event any provision of
the First Supplemental Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired. 

Section 3.06. Headings. The Article and Section headings of the First Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of
reference only and are not to be considered a part of the First Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section 3.07. Ratification of Indenture. The Indenture, as supplemented by this First Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects
ratified and confirmed, and this First Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein provided. 

Section 3.07. Successors. All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements of the Issuer and the Trustee in the First
Supplemental Indenture shall bind their respective successors and assigns whether so expressed or not. 

Section 3.08. Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. Sections 17.04 and 17.13 of the Indenture shall apply mutatis mutandis to this First Supplemental Indenture. 

Section 3.09. Counterpart Signatures. The First Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 

[Signature page
follows] 

-4- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be
duly executed as of the date first written above. 

REVANCE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Jeffery A. Bedard

Name: Jeffery A. Bedard

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
First Supplemental Indenture] 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: /s/ Brandon Bonfig

Name: Brandon Bonfig

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
First Supplemental Indenture]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d914912dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Crown Laboratories Announces Completion of Acquisition of Revance Therapeutics 

The business combination reinforces Crowns position as a leading, innovative, high-growth aesthetics and skincare company 

Johnson City, Tenn. February 6, 2025 Crown Laboratories, Inc. (Crown), a privately held,
global innovative leader in the skincare industry, today announced the successful closing of its acquisition of Revance Therapeutics, Inc. (Revance) (NASDAQ: RVNC), a biotechnology company aimed at setting the new standard in healthcare
with innovative aesthetic and therapeutic offerings. 

The Offer and the Merger 

Crowns tender offer to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (each, a
Share) of Revance at a purchase price of $3.65 per Share, net to the stockholder in cash, without interest and less any applicable tax withholding (the Offer), expired as scheduled at one minute past 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time,
on February 4, 2025, and was not further extended (such date and time, the Expiration Time). Crown previously announced that Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the depositary and paying agent for the tender offer, advised Crown
that, as of the Expiration Time, 86,197,893 Shares were validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in the Offer, representing approximately 82.0% of the issued and outstanding Shares as of the Expiration Time. In accordance with the terms of the
Offer, Crown and its affiliate, Reba Merger Sub, Inc. (Merger Sub), accepted for payment all such Shares that were validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer. Following completion of the Offer, Crown completed
the acquisition of Revance through the previously-planned and announced second-step merger. Revances common stock will be delisted from the NASDAQ Global Select Market and deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Advisors 

Leerink Partners and PJT
Partners served as financial advisors to Crown; Kirkland & Ellis LLP and Lowenstein Sandler LLP served as legal advisors to Crown. 

About
Crown 

Crown, a privately held, fully integrated global skincare company, is committed to developing and providing a diverse
portfolio of aesthetic, premium and therapeutic skincare products that improve the quality of life for its consumers throughout their skincare journey. An innovative company focused on skin science for life, Crowns unyielding pursuit of
delivering therapeutic excellence and enhanced patient outcomes is why it has become a leader in Dermatology and Aesthetics. Crown has been listed on the Inc. 5000 Fastest Growing Privately Held Companies List for eleven years and has expanded its
distribution to over 50 countries. For more information, visit www.crownlaboratories.com. 

The Crown logo, PanOxyl and Blue Lizard are registered trademarks of Crown
Laboratories, Inc. SkinPen and StriVectin are registered trademarks of Bellus Medical, LLC and StriVectin Operating Company, Inc., respectively. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain
statements contained in this press release are forward-looking statements. The use of words such as anticipates, hopes, may, should, intends, projects,
estimates, expects, plans and believes, among others, generally identify forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements include, among others, statements relating to Revances and Crowns future financial performance, business prospects and strategy, expectations with respect to the integration following the merger, including the
timing thereof and Revances and Crowns ability to successfully complete such transactions and realize the anticipated benefits. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements for a variety
of reasons, including, among others, difficulties or unanticipated expenses in connection with integrating the parties operations, products and employees and the possibility that anticipated synergies and other anticipated benefits of the
transaction will not be realized in the amounts expected, within the expected timeframe or at all, the effect of the merger on Revances and Crowns business relationships (including, without limitations, partners and customers), and other
circumstances beyond Revances and Crowns control. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements in this communication are based on information available as of the date of this
communication, and except as required by law, neither Revance nor Crown undertakes any duty to update forward-looking statements to reflect events after the date of this press release. 

# # # 

Contacts 

Media: 

Alecia Pulman 

ICR 

Crown@icrinc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rvnc-20250206.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rvnc-20250206_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>rvnc-20250206_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g914912g0206105038584.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001479290

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 06, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Revance Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-36297

Entity Tax Identification Number 77-0551645

Entity Address, Address Line One 1222 Demonbreun Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2000

Entity Address, City or Town Nashville

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 37203

City Area Code (615)

Local Phone Number 724-7755

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol RVNC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://revance.com//20250206/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d914912d8k.htm 
rvnc-20250206.xsd 
rvnc-20250206_lab.xml 
rvnc-20250206_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-021403-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d914912d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001479290 

2025-02-06 
2025-02-06 

false 
0001479290 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-02-06 
Revance Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-36297 
77-0551645 
1222 Demonbreun Street 
Suite 2000 
Nashville 
TN 
37203 
(615) 
724-7755 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
RVNC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>