<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-036366.txt : 20250418
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-036366.hdr.sgml : 20250418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250418164540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-036366
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250415
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250418

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Traws Pharma, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001130598
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36020
		FILM NUMBER:		25850760

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 PENNS TRAIL
		CITY:			NEWTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18940
		BUSINESS PHONE:		267-759-3680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 PENNS TRAIL
		CITY:			NEWTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18940

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090526

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONCONOVA THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090526

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONCONOVA THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001226
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512673d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000113059800011305982025-04-152025-04-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 15, 2025

Traws
Pharma, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-36020 22-3627252

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation or Organization) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

12 Penns TrailNewtown, PA18940

(267)
759-3680

(Address,
Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrants Principal Executive 

Offices)

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common
stock, par value $.01 per share TRAW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of
Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

As previously disclosed in that Current Report
on Form 8-K filed by Traws Pharma, Inc. (the Company) with the Securities and Exhange Commission on March 28,
2025, Iain Dukes was appointed as the Companys Interim Chief Executive Officer, effective as of the close of business on March
31, 2025.

On April 16, 2025, the
Company and Dr. Dukes entered into an employment agreement (the Employment Agreement), which shall be effective as of April
1, 2025 (the Effective Date). The Employment Agreement supersedes and replaces that offer letter previously entered into
by and between the Company and Dr. Dukes on April 1, 2024.

The Employment Agreement
has an initial term of one year from the Effective Date, unless terminated sooner by Dr. Dukes or the Company, and the term automatically
renews for additional one year periods, unless either party provides written notice of termination at least 90 days prior to the end of
the applicable term.

The Employment Agreement
provides for an initial base salary of $610,000, subject to adjustment upon annual review. Subject to the sole discretion of the Board
of Directors of the Company (the Board) or compensation committee thereof, Dr. Dukes is eligible for an annual bonus, with
a target amount equal to 50% of his base salary (i.e., target bonus), based on the performance of Dr. Dukes and the Company. The annual
bonus may be paid in the form of cash, stock options, shares of common stock, or a combination thereof, at the Boards or compensation
committees discretion. Dr. Dukes is entitled to participate in all of the Companys employee benefit plans and programs that
are made generally available from time to time to the Companys executive officers and is entitled to up to four weeks of vacation
each year. The Company will reimburse Dr. Dukes for reasonable business expenses.

Pursuant to the Employment
Agreement, if Dr. Dukes employment is terminated for any reason, the Company will pay to Dr. Dukes or his spouse or estate, as
applicable, the balance of his accrued and unpaid salary, unreimbursed expenses, and unused accrued vacation time through the termination
date.

Pursuant to the Employment
Agreement, if Dr. Dukes employment is terminated for any reason prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date, other than
during the 12-month period following a change in control of the Company, Dr. Dukes shall not be entitled to receive any severance payments.
If Dr. Dukes employment is terminated by us without cause or by Dr. Dukes for good reason after the
first anniversary of the Effective Date, other than during the 12-month period following a change in control of the Company, for each
full month of service rendered after the first anniversary of the Effective Date (up to a maximim of 12 months) Dr. Dukes will be entitled
to receive one month of severance payments equal to one-twelfth of the sum of (x) his current base salary and (ii) his target bonus, payable
in equal monthly installments. If the termination is during the 12-month period following a change in control of the Company, Dr. Dukes
will be entitled to receive one and one-half times the sum of (i) his current base salary and (ii) target bonus, payable in a lump sum.
Additionally, for each month of service rendered after the first anniversary of the Effective Date (up to a maximum of 12 months), the
Company will reimburse Dr. Dukes for one month of the employers portion of his medical insurance costs under COBRA if Dr. Dukes
termination occurs other than during the 12-month period following a change in control of the Company, or for 18 months if Dr. Dukes
termination occurs during the 12 month-period following a change in control of the Company. In addition, for each month of service rendered
after the first anniversary of the Effective Date (up to a maximum of twelve months), one-twelfth of Dr. Dukes outstanding unvested
equity awards as of the date of such termination willl fully vest as of the date of termination and any accrued, approved and unpaid annual
bonus for the year prior to the termination date will be paid. As a condition to receive the forgoing severance benefits, Dr. Dukes must
deliver to the Company an effective release and waiver of claims and continue to comply with the confidentiality and inventions assignment
covenants set forth in the Employment Agreement.

The foregoing summary
of the Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment
Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On April 15, 2025, Dr.
Dukes stepped down as Chairman of the Companys Board), and the Board appointed Jack Stover, an independent director who has served
as a member of the Board since 2016, as Chairman. Dr. Dukes will continue to serve as a member of the Board.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, effective April 1, 2025, by and between Traws Pharma, Inc. and Iain Dukes.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL Document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 18, 2025 TRAWS PHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ Iain Dukes

Iain Dukes

Interim Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512673d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

TRAWS PHARMA, inc.

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement
(the Agreement) is entered into on April 16, 2025 by and between Traws Pharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and Iain Dukes (Employee). This Agreement shall be effective April 1, 2025. The date
on which this Agreement becomes effective is referred to herein as the Effective Date.

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to employ Employee and Employee desires to be so employed by the Company upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises and undertakings herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto enter into this Agreement as follows:

1.Term. The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date, and shall continue for one year, unless sooner
terminated by either party as set forth below, or until the termination of Employees employment, if earlier. The term of this Agreement
shall automatically renew for periods of one-year unless either party gives the other party written notice at least 90 days prior to the
end of the then existing term or at least 90 days prior to the end of any one-year renewal period that the term of this Agreement shall
not be further extended. The period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the date on which the term of this Agreement terminates
is referred to herein as the Term. The Companys failure to renew this Agreement at the end of the Term shall
not, by itself, constitute termination without Cause (as defined below) or Good Reason (as defined below).

2.Position; Duties. Subject to all the terms and conditions hereof, the Company shall employ Employee, and Employee shall
serve the Company as the Interim Chief Executive Officer, reporting to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board).
Employee shall perform all duties and accept all responsibilities incident to such position as may be reasonably assigned to Employee
by the Board. Employee represents to the Company that Employee is not subject to or a party to any employment agreement, noncompetition
covenant, or other agreement that would be breached by, or prohibit Employee from, executing this Agreement and performing fully Employees
duties and responsibilities hereunder.

3.Best Efforts. As Employees position is a full-time position, Employee agrees to devote Employees full-time
effort, attention, and energies, from such location to be mutually agreed upon between Employee and the Board, to Employees duties
hereunder. Employee will not render any professional services or engage in any activity that might be competitive with, adverse to the
best interest of, or create the appearance of a conflict of interest with the Company. Employee agrees to abide by the policies, rules and
regulations of the Company as they may be amended from time to time. Employee may not engage in outside employment or consulting without
first obtaining prior express permission from the Board. The foregoing shall not be construed as preventing Employee from (a) serving
on civic, educational, philanthropic or charitable boards or committees, or, with the prior written consent of the Board, in its sole
discretion, on corporate boards, and (b) managing personal investments, so long as such activities are permitted under the Companys
code of conduct and employment policies and do not violate the provisions of this Agreement. Employee will provide to the Board a list
of Employees existing board seats of both Non-Profit organizations and board seats of public and private biotechnology companies
for review and approval or where appropriate resignation. A list of companies for which Employee (i) currently provides consulting services,
(ii) is employed by or (iii) whose board Employee currently serves on is set forth on Appendix B. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Board has pre-approved the outside activities Employee engages in with those companies listed on Appendix B.

4.Compensation and Other Benefits.

(a)Salary. For all services rendered by Employee under this Agreement, the Company agrees to pay Employee a base salary at
an initial annualized rate of $610,000 (the Base Salary), in installments in accordance with the Companys
normal payroll cycle, less authorized deductions. Employees Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee
of the Board (the Compensation Committee) or the Board pursuant to the normal performance review policies for senior-level
executives and may be adjusted from time to time as determined in the sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee.

(b)Discretionary Annual Bonus. During the Term, Employee shall be eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus, as determined
by the Board or the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion (Annual Bonus). The target of this annual bonus
will be 50% of the Base Salary (Target Bonus), and will be evaluated on the basis of pre-set annual bonus goals.
Any Annual Bonus shall be paid after the end of the fiscal year to which it relates, at the same time and under the same terms and conditions
as the bonuses for other executives of the Company; provided that in no event shall Employees Annual Bonus, if any, be paid later
than two and a half months after the last day of the fiscal year to which the Annual Bonus relates. Any Annual Bonus may be paid to Employee
in the form of cash, stock options, shares of the Companys common stock (Common Stock), or a combination thereof,
at the Boards or the Compensation Committees discretion.

(c)Employee Benefits. During the Term, Employee shall be eligible to participate in any employee benefit plans or programs
of the Company that are made generally available from time to time by the Company to similarly situated employees, including, but not
limited to, health insurance, a flexible spending account, and 401(k) participation. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the
Company or any affiliate of the Company from terminating or amending any employee benefit plan or program from time to time after the
Effective Date.

(d)Vacation and Holidays. During Employees employment hereunder, Employee shall be entitled each year to four weeks
of vacation, and holiday and sick leave at levels commensurate with those provided to other senior executives of the Company, in accordance
with the Companys vacation, holiday and other pay-for-time-not-worked policies. Vacation shall be taken by Employee at such time
or times as are mutually convenient to Employee and the Company.

-2-

(e)Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable expenses incurred by Employee in connection
with Employees employment hereunder provided, however, that such expenses were incurred in conformance with the policies of the
Company, as established from time to time, and that Employee submits detailed vouchers and other records reasonably required by the Company
in support of the amount and nature of such expense.

5.Termination of Employment.

(a)Death of Employee. If Employee dies during the term of this Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate immediately and the
Company shall pay to Employees then-current spouse, if such spouse survives Employee, or if not, to Employees estate, the
balance of any accrued and unpaid Base Salary, unreimbursed expenses, and unused accrued vacation time through the termination date.

(b)Disability of Employee. If Employee incurs a Disability during the term of this Agreement, the Company may terminate Employees
employment on or after the date of Disability. If Employees employment terminates on account of Disability, the Company shall pay
to Employees the balance of any accrued and unpaid Base Salary, unreimbursed expenses, and unused, accrued vacation time through
the termination date. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Disability shall mean Employee is eligible to receive
long-term disability benefits under the Companys long-term disability plan.

(c)Termination for Cause. If Employees employment is terminated by the Company for Cause (as defined below), the Company
shall pay Employee only the balance of Employees accrued, but unpaid Base Salary, unreimbursed expenses, and unused, accrued vacation
time through the termination date. Employees employment may be terminated for Cause at any time upon delivery of
written notice to Employee. 

(d)Termination by the Company without Cause or by Employee for Good Reason. If Employees employment by the Company ceases
due to a termination by the Company without Cause or a resignation by Employee for Good Reason (as defined below), the Company shall:

(i)pay to Employee the balance of Employees accrued, but unpaid Base Salary, unreimbursed expenses, and unused, accrued vacation
time through the termination date;

(ii)to the extent then approved, accrued and unpaid, pay to Employee the Annual Bonus (if any) with respect to the fiscal year ended
immediately prior to the cessation of Employees employment, which such Annual Bonus shall be paid at the time such Annual Bonus
would have otherwise been paid absent Employees cessation of employment;

(iii)pay to Employee,

(A)in the event that Employees employment by the Company ceases due to a termination by the Company without Cause or by Employee
for Good Reason on or prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date, other than during the Change in Control Protection Period
(as defined below), those amounts set forth in Section 5(d)(i)-(ii) only; or

-3-

(B)in the event Employees employment by the Company ceases due to a termination by the Company without Cause or by Employee
for Good Reason after the first anniversary of the Effective Date, other than during the Change in Control Protection Period (as defined
below), for each full month of service rendered after the first anniversary of the Effective Date (up to a maximum of twelve (12) months),
one month of severance payments equal to one-twelfth of the sum of (1) Employees then current Base Salary, plus (2) an amount equal
to the Target Bonus for the fiscal year during which Employees employment by the Company ceases, which severance payments shall
be paid for the duration of the Severance Period (as defined below) in accordance with the Companys usual payroll practices, commencing
within 60 days following the termination date, and the first payment shall include any unpaid installments from the termination date until
the first payment date; or

(C)in the event Employees employment by the Company ceases due to a termination by the Company without Cause or by Employee
for Good Reason during the Change in Control Protection Period, a severance payment amount equal to the sum of one and one-half times
(1) Employees then current Base Salary plus (2) an amount equal to the Target Bonus for the fiscal year during which Employees
employment by the Company ceases, which severance payment shall be paid in a lump sum payment within 60 days following the termination
date; provided that such payment shall be made in installments as set forth in Section 5(d)(iii)(A) above if the Change in Control is
not a change in control event as defined under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)
and the severance payments hereunder are not exempt from Section 409A of the Code;

(iv)for each full month of service rendered after the first anniversary of the Effective Date (up to a maximum of twelve (12) months),
cause one-twelfth of any outstanding unvested equity awards on Common Stock that vest based on continued service previously awarded to
Employee to become fully vested as of the date of Employees termination of employment pursuant to this Section 5(d); and

(v)for each full month of service rendered after the first anniversary of the Effective Date (up to a maximum of twelve (12) months)),
and provided that Employee is eligible for and timely elects continuation coverage under COBRA, the Company will pay on Employees
behalf one (1) month of the COBRA premiums for continued health care coverage under the Companys group health plans for Employee
and Employees eligible dependents (COBRA Payments). The Company will pay the COBRA Payments for the period
from Employees termination date until the earliest to occur of (i) the end of the Severance Period; (ii) the date Employee becomes
eligible for group health insurance coverage through a subsequent employer; or (iii) the date Employee ceases to be eligible for COBRA
coverage for any reason (each of the events described in (ii) or (iii) in this Section 5(d) shall be referred to herein as a Disqualifying
Event). Employee is required to notify the Company within five days of becoming aware that a Disqualifying Event has occurred
or will occur. The COBRA health care continuation coverage period under Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code), shall run concurrently with the period during which the Company pays the COBRA Payments.

-4-

Except as otherwise provided
in this Section 5, all compensation and benefits will cease at the time of Employees cessation of employment and the Company will
have no further liability or obligation by reason of such cessation of employment. The payments and benefits set forth in Section 5(d)(iii),
(iv) and (v) shall only be paid if Employee signs and does not revoke a release and waiver of claims in a form approved by the Company,
and such release becomes effective and irrevocable within 60 days of Employees cessation of employment, and Employee continues
to comply with Sections 7, 8 and 9 in this Agreement.

(e)Voluntary Resignation other than for Good Reason. Employee may voluntarily resign from employment with the Company at any
time. In the event Employee voluntarily resigns from Employees employment with the Company other than for Good Reason, Employee
shall provide the Company with at least 30 days notice of Employees intent to resign. The Company shall pay Employee only
the balance of Employees accrued, but unpaid Base Salary, unreimbursed expenses, and unused, accrued vacation time through the
termination date.

(f)Resignation of Positions. Effective as of the date of any termination of employment, unless otherwise agreed by the Company
and Employee, Employee will resign from all Company-related positions, including as an officer and director of the Company and its parents,
subsidiaries and affiliates.

(g)No Other Severance. Upon termination of Employees employment for any reason, the Company will have no severance obligations
under this Agreement other than as provided in this Section 5, which shall supersede any prior or contemporaneous oral or written severance
plan, policy, program, or other arrangement maintained by the Company to the extent such benefits would provide for duplication of benefits
to Employee.

(h)Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

(i)Cause shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (1) any gross failure on the part
of Employee (other than by reason of Disability as provided in Section 5(b)) to faithfully and professionally carry out Employees
duties or to comply with any other material provision of this Agreement, which failure continues after written notice thereof by the Board,
provided that the Company shall not be required to provide such notice in the event that such failure (A) is not susceptible to remedy
or (B) relates to the same type of acts or omissions as to which such notice has been given on a prior occasion; (2) Employees
dishonesty (which shall include without limitation any misuse or misappropriation of the Companys assets), or other willful misconduct
(including without limitation any conduct on the part of Employee intended to or likely to injure the business of the Company); (3) Employees
conviction for any felony or for any other crime involving moral turpitude, whether or not relating to Employees employment; (4) in
accordance with applicable federal, state or local laws, Employees insobriety or use of illegal drugs, chemicals or controlled
substances either (A) in the course of performing Employees duties and responsibilities under this Agreement, or (B) otherwise
affecting the ability of Employee to perform the same; (5) Employees failure to comply with a lawful written direction of
the Board; (6) Employees failure to comply with the Companys code of conduct or employment policies; (7) any wanton
and willful dereliction of duties by Employee; or (8) Employees breach of this Agreement. The existence of any of the foregoing
events or conditions shall be determined by the Board in the exercise of its reasonable judgment.

-5-

(ii)Change in Control shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the Plan or its successor then in effect.

(iii)Change in Control Protection Period shall mean the 12-month period following a Change in Control.

(iv)Good Reason shall mean: (1) the breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement
(provided, however, that a reduction in Employees Base Salary by less than 20% in and for any 12-month period shall not be a material
breach by the Company if it is made in connection with a reduction in base salaries imposed on a majority of other senior executives of
the Company and Employees Base Salary is not reduced by a percentage that is greater than the percentage by which the base salaries
of a majority of other senior executives of the Company is reduced in and for that same 12-month period); or (2) following a Change
in Control (A) a material diminution in Employees Base Salary or Target Bonus or (B) a material diminution in Employees
authorities, duties and responsibilities. None of the foregoing events or conditions will constitute Good Reason unless Employee provides
the Company with written objection to the event or condition within 30 days following the occurrence thereof, the Company does not cure
the event or condition within 30 days of receiving that written objection, and Employee resigns Employees employment within 30
days following the expiration of that cure period.

(v)Severance Period shall mean (1) the period equal to that number of full months of service rendered after the
first anniversary of the Effective Date (up to a maximum of twelve (12) months) immediately following the date Employees employment
with the Company ceases due to a termination by the Company without Cause or by Employee for Good Reason other than during the Change
in Control Protection Period (e.g., if Employee completes five full months of service after the first anniversary of the Effective Date,
then the Severance Period shall be five months from the termination date) or (2) the 18-month period immediately following the date Employees
employment with the Company ceases due to a termination by the Company without Cause or by Employee for Good Reason during the Change
in Control Protection Period.

6.Code Section 280G. In the event of a change in ownership or control under Section 280G of the Code, if it shall be determined
that any payment or distribution in the nature of compensation (within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) to or for the benefit
of Employee, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (a Payment),
would constitute an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, the aggregate present value
of the Payments under the Agreement shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the Reduced Amount (defined below) if and only if the Accounting
Firm (described below) determines that the reduction will provide Employee with a greater net after-tax benefit than would no reduction.
No reduction shall be made unless the reduction would provide Employee with a greater net after-tax benefit. The determinations under
this Section shall be made as follows:

-6-

(a)The Reduced Amount shall be an amount expressed in present value which maximizes the aggregate present value
of Payments under this Agreement without causing any Payment under this Agreement to be subject to the Excise Tax (defined below), determined
in accordance with Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. The term Excise Tax means the excise tax imposed under Section
4999 of the Code, together with any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such excise tax.

(b)Payments under this Agreement shall be reduced on a nondiscretionary basis in such a way as to minimize the reduction in the economic
value deliverable to Employee. Where more than one payment has the same value for this purpose and they are payable at different times,
they will be reduced on a pro rata basis.

(c)All determinations to be made under this Section shall be made by an independent certified public accounting firm selected by the
Company and agreed to by Employee immediately prior to the change-in-ownership or -control transaction (the Accounting Firm).
The Accounting Firm shall provide its determinations and any supporting calculations both to the Company and Employee within 10 days of
the transaction. Any such determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and Employee. All of the fees and expenses
of the Accounting Firm in performing the determinations referred to in this Section shall be borne solely by the Company.

7.[Reserved].

8.Confidential Information.

(a)Subject to Section 8(f), at all times during Employees employment and thereafter, Employee will hold in strictest confidence
and will not disclose, use, lecture upon or publish any of the Companys Proprietary Information (defined below), except as such
use may be required in connection with Employees work for the Company, or unless an officer of the Company expressly authorizes
such disclosure in writing. Employee will obtain the Companys written approval before publishing or submitting for publication
any material (written, verbal, or otherwise) that relates to Employees work for the Company and/or incorporates any Proprietary
Information. Employee hereby assigns to the Company any rights Employee may have or acquire in such Proprietary Information and recognizes
that all Proprietary Information shall be the sole property of the Company and its assigns.

(b)The term Proprietary Information shall mean any and all confidential and/or proprietary knowledge, data or
information of the Company, whether acquired by Employee while employed by the Company, during Employees prior service as a consultant
to the Company, or otherwise. By way of illustration but not limitation, Proprietary Information includes, but is
not limited to (i) trade secrets, inventions, mask works, ideas, methods, processes, formulas, chemical structures and methods for
chemical synthesis, structure-activity relationships, assay methodologies, characteristics, equipment and equipment designs, results,
formulations and biological, pharmacological, toxicological and clinical data, physical, chemical or biological materials, source and
object codes, data, programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, compilations, shop practices,
supplier lists, designs and techniques (hereinafter collectively referred to as Inventions); and (ii) information
regarding plans for research, development, new products, marketing and selling, business plans, budgets and unpublished financial statements,
licenses, prices and costs, suppliers and customers; and (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of other employees
of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood that, at all times, Employee is free to use information which is generally
known in the trade or industry, which is not gained as a result of a breach of this Agreement, and which is acquired as a result of Employees
own skill, knowledge, know-how and experience.

-7-

(c)Employee understands, in addition, that the Company has received and in the future will receive from third parties confidential
or proprietary information (Third Party Information) subject to a duty on the Companys part to maintain the
confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. Subject to Section 8(f), during the period of Employees
employment and thereafter, Employee will hold Third Party Information in the strictest confidence and will not disclose to anyone (other
than Company personnel who need to know such information in connection with their work for the Company) or use, except in connection with
Employees work for the Company, Third Party Information unless expressly authorized by an officer of the Company in writing.

(d)During Employees employment by the Company, Employee will not improperly use or disclose any confidential information or
trade secrets, if any, of any of Employees former employers or any other person to whom Employee has an obligation of confidentiality,
and Employee will not bring onto the premises of the Company any unpublished documents or any property belonging to any former employer
or any other person to whom Employee has an obligation of confidentiality, unless such action is consented to in writing by all persons
to whom the relevant obligation of confidentiality is owed. Employee shall not work on Company projects on the grounds of, or using the
equipment of, any third party, unless such work is agreed to by the Company in writing.

(e)Upon termination of Employees employment, Employee shall return to the Company all Proprietary Information in any tangible
form in Employees possession, including copies thereof.

(f)Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Employee from initiating communications directly with, responding to any
inquiries from, providing testimony before, providing confidential information to, reporting possible violations of law or regulation
to, or from filing a claim or assisting with an investigation directly with a self-regulatory authority or a government agency or entity,
including the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Department
of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, Congress, and any agency Inspector General (collectively, the Regulators),
or from making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of state or federal law or regulation. Employee
does not need the prior authorization of the Company to engage in such communications, respond to such inquiries, provide confidential
information or documents to the Regulators, or make any such reports or disclosures to the Regulators. Employee is not required to notify
the Company that Employee has engaged in such communications with the Regulators. If Employee is required by law to disclose Proprietary
Information, other than to Regulators as described above, Employee shall give prompt written notice to the Company so as to permit the
Company to protect its interests in confidentiality to the extent possible. Federal law provides criminal and civil immunity to federal
and state claims for trade secret misappropriation to individuals who disclose a trade secret to their attorney, a court, or a government
official in certain, confidential circumstances that are set forth at 18 U.S.C. 1833(b)(1) and 1833(b)(2), related to the
reporting or investigation of a suspected violation of the law, or in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected
violation of the law.

-8-

9.Intellectual Property.

(a)Employee has provided on Appendix A (Previous Inventions) attached hereto a complete list of all Inventions that Employee
has, alone or jointly with others, conceived, developed or reduced to practice or caused to be conceived, developed or reduced to practice
prior to the commencement of Employees employment with the Company, that Employee considers to be Employees property or
the property of third parties, and that Employee wishes to have excluded from the scope of the assignment under Section 9(b) (collectively
referred to as Prior Inventions). If disclosure of any such Prior Invention would cause Employee to violate any prior
confidentiality agreement, Employee understands that Employee shall not list such Prior Inventions in Appendix A but shall only
disclose a cursory name for each such invention (bearing in mind that where necessary the naming shall not be so specific as to violate
the confidentiality obligation), a listing of the party(ies) to whom the invention belongs, and the fact that full disclosure as to such
invention has not been made for that reason. Space is provided on Appendix A for this purpose. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee
agrees that Employee will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, Prior Inventions in any Company Inventions without the Companys
prior written consent and, furthermore, Employee shall not incorporate a Prior Invention into a Company product, process or machine without
having the ability to make the grant set forth in the foregoing. If, in the course of Employees employment with the Company, Employee
incorporates or uses a Prior Invention into or with a Company product, process or machine, the Company is hereby granted and shall have
a nonexclusive, fully-paid up, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers
of sublicensees) to internally and externally reproduce, display, perform, distribute, make, have made, modify, use, import, sell and
offer to sell such Prior Invention as well as the derivative works and copies thereof.

(b)To the extent not vested in the Company by operation of law under the United States copyright law, subject to Section 9(j) below,
and to the maximum extent permitted by law, Employee agrees to assign and hereby does assign to the Company all of Employees rights,
title and interest in and to any and all Inventions, whether or not patentable or registerable under patent, intellectual property, copyright
or similar statutes, made or conceived or reduced to practice or learned by Employee, either alone or jointly with others, (i) within
the scope of or resulting from employment with the Company (whether or not during normal business hours or on or off Company premises),
(ii) during the period of Employees employment with the Company, including in the future (e.g., when any such Inventions are first
reduced to practice or a description thereof first fixed in a tangible medium, as applicable) relating to the Companys actual or
anticipated business, operations, research, products, services, activities, investigations or development, or (iii) using, or resulting
from any use of, the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities, property, time, data or Proprietary Information (collectively, Work
Product) as well as all copyrights, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, patents, the right of priority, the right of publication,
trademarks and all other intellectual property or proprietary rights in or to the Work Product, now or later throughout the universe,
including all applications, registrations, renewals and goodwill (collectively, together with the Work Product, Company Inventions)
free and clear of all liens and encumbrances and without further consideration.

-9-

(c)During the period of Employees employment, Employee will promptly disclose to the Company fully and in writing all Inventions
authored, conceived or reduced to practice by Employee, either alone or jointly with others. In addition, Employee will promptly disclose
to the Company all patent applications filed by Employee or on Employees behalf during Employees employment and within one
year after termination of employment. At the time of each such disclosure, Employee will advise the Company in writing of any Inventions
that Employee believes qualify for exclusion from Employees obligation to assign hereunder; and Employee will at that time provide
to the Company in writing all evidence necessary to substantiate that belief.

(d)As directed by the Company, Employee agrees to assign all Employees rights, title and interest in and to any particular
Company Invention to a third party, including without limitation the United States.

(e)Employee acknowledges that all original works of authorship which are prepared by Employee (solely or jointly with others) within
the scope of Employees employment and which are protectable by copyright are works made for hire, pursuant to United
States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. 101).

(f)Employee will assist the Company in every proper way to obtain, and from time to time enforce, United States and foreign trade
secret, patent, copyright, mask work and other intellectual property rights (Proprietary Rights) relating to Company
Inventions in any and all countries. To that end, Employee will execute, verify and deliver such documents and perform such other acts
(including appearances as a witness) as the Company may reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing,
sustaining and enforcing such Proprietary Rights and the assignment thereof. In addition, Employee will execute, verify and deliver assignments
of such Proprietary Rights to the Company, its successor in interest, or its designee. Employees obligation to assist the Company
with respect to Proprietary Rights relating to such Company Inventions in any and all countries shall continue beyond the termination
of Employees employment.

In the event the Company is
unable for any reason, after reasonable effort, to secure Employees signature on any document needed in connection with the actions
specified in this Section 9(f), Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers
and agents as Employees agent and attorney-in-fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to act for and on Employees
behalf to execute, verify and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of the preceding
paragraph with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Employee.

(g)Employee agrees to keep and maintain adequate and current records (in the form of notes, sketches, drawings and in any other form
that may be required by the Company) of all Proprietary Information developed by Employee and all Inventions made by Employee during the
period of Employees employment at the Company, which records shall be available to and remain the sole property of the Company
at all times.

-10-

(h)Employee represents that Employees performance of all the terms of this Agreement and as an employee of the Company does
not and will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence information acquired by Employee in confidence or in trust prior to Employees
employment by the Company. Employee has not entered into, and Employee agrees that Employee will not enter into, any agreement either
written or oral in conflict herewith.

(i)To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company, its affiliates and its/their designees may create photographs and recordings
of Employee in connection with any Company Invention or any products, services, operation or business of the Company or its affiliate
and may reproduce, use, modify, display, publish and distribute Employees names, voice, signature, photographs, images, substantially
similar imitation, likeness and the like captured, produced or provided in the course of engagement or employment with the Company as
well as their derivative works and copies (collectively, Likenesses), publicly and perpetually, in connection with
any products, services, operation or business of the Company or its affiliate. Employee waives any attribution, integrity and moral rights
in relation to any Company Invention or the Companys products, services, operation or business. To the maximum extent permitted
by law, Employee waives and agrees not to assert any and all rights and claims Employee may have, before or after the date hereof, with
respect to any Company Inventions, any Prior Inventions or any Likenesses.

(j)The provisions in Section 9 are applicable only to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. This Agreement does not apply
to an invention to the extent applicable to Employee and excluded by applicable law. 19 Delaware Code Section 805 provides in part: Any
provision in an employment agreement which provides that the employee shall assign or offer to assign any of the employees rights
in an invention to the employees employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on the employees
own time without using the employers equipment, supplies, facility or trade secret information, except for those inventions that:
(1) Relate to the employers business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development; or (2) Result from any work
performed by the employee for the employer.

10.Remedies. Because Employees services are personal and unique and because Employee may have access to and become acquainted
with the Proprietary Information of the Company, the Company shall have the right to enforce this Agreement and any of its provisions
by injunction, or other equitable relief, without bond (if allowed by applicable law), and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies
that the Company may have for a breach of this Agreement. In the event that Employee performs services for other entities while employed
by the Company or leaves the employ of the Company, Employee hereby consents to the notification of Employees new employer of Employees
rights and obligations under this Agreement.

11.Arbitration. Any and all disputes between the parties (except actions to enforce the provisions of Sections 7, 8 or 9 of
this Agreement), arising under or relating to this Agreement or any other dispute arising between the parties, including claims arising
under any employment discrimination laws, shall be adjudicated and resolved exclusively through binding arbitration before the American
Arbitration Association pursuant to the American Arbitration Associations then-in-effect National Rules for the Resolution
of Employment Disputes (hereafter Rules). The initiation and conduct of any arbitration hereunder shall be in accordance
with the Rules and each side shall bear its own costs and counsel fees in such arbitration. Any arbitration hereunder shall be conducted
in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and any arbitration award shall be final and binding on the Parties. The arbitrator shall have no authority
to depart from, modify, or add to the written terms of this Agreement. The arbitration provisions of this Section 11 shall be interpreted
according to, and governed by, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1 et seq., and any action pursuant to such Act to enforce
any rights hereunder shall be brought exclusively in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. The parties
consent to the jurisdiction of (and the laying of venue in) such court.

-11-

12.General Indemnification. In the event Employee is made, or threatened to be made, a party to any legal action or proceeding,
whether civil or criminal, including any governmental or regulatory proceedings or investigations, by reason of the fact that Employee
is or was a director or officer of the Company or its affiliates, Employee shall be indemnified by the Company, and the Company shall
pay Employees related expenses when and as incurred, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware and the
Companys articles of incorporation and bylaws. During Employees employment with the Company and its affiliates and after
termination of employment for any reason, the Company shall cover Employee under the Companys directors and officers insurance
applicable to other officers and directors.

13.Taxes and Withholding. All compensation payable and other benefits provided under this Agreement shall be subject to customary
and legally required withholding for income and other employment taxes. Employee shall bear all expense of, and be solely responsible
for, all federal, state and local taxes due with respect to any payment received under this Agreement.

14.Severability. The terms of this Agreement and each Section hereof shall be considered severable and the invalidity or unenforceability
of any part thereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining portions or provisions hereof.

15.Attorneys Fees. The Company shall pay or reimburse Employee up to $10,000 for reasonable attorneys fees incurred
by Employee in connection with the review, negotiation and documentation of this Agreement, within 30 days following presentation of appropriate
receipts for such fees.

16.Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be sufficient, if in writing and delivered
by registered or certified mail or overnight delivery service to Employees residence in the case of Employee, or to its principal
office in the case of the Company.

17.Assignment. The rights and obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding
upon its successors and assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any rights or interests herein or created hereby may be assigned or otherwise
transferred voluntarily or involuntarily by Employee.

18.Waiver. The waiver by the Company or Employee of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other shall not operate
or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach.

19.Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without
regard to rules governing conflicts of law.

-12-

20.Entire Agreement and Interpretation. This instrument contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements, oral or written, concerning the subject matter contained
herein, including without limitation that Offer Letter entered into by and between the Company and Employee on March 29, 2024 and any
prior agreements between the Company and Employee (other than equity related agreements entered into by and between the Company and Employee
prior to the Effective Date). It may not be changed or altered, except by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement
of any waiver, change, modification, extension or discharge is sought. Headings are used for reference only and shall not be considered
when interpreting this Agreement. Each of the terms include, includes, and including is deemed
to be followed by without limitation.

21.Section 409A of the Code.

(a)This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code, and its corresponding regulations, or an exemption thereto,
and payments may only be made under this Agreement upon an event and in a manner permitted by Section 409A of the Code, to the extent
applicable. Severance benefits under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code under the short-term
deferral exception, to the maximum extent applicable, and then under the separation pay exception, to the maximum
extent applicable. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if required by Section 409A of the Code, if Employee is
considered a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and if payment of any amounts under this Agreement
is required to be delayed for a period of six months after separation from service pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, payment of such
amounts shall be delayed as required by Section 409A of the Code, and the accumulated amounts shall be paid in a lump-sum payment within
10 days after the end of the six-month period. If Employee dies during the postponement period prior to the payment of benefits, the amounts
withheld on account of Section 409A of the Code shall be paid to the personal representative of Employee estate within 60 days after the
date of Employees death.

(b)All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon a separation from service
under Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each payment hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment,
and the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In
no event may Employee, directly or indirectly, designate the fiscal year of a payment. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement
to the contrary, in no event shall the timing of Employee execution of the Release, directly or indirectly, result in Employee designating
the fiscal year of payment of any amounts of deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, and if a payment that is subject
to execution of the Release could be made in more than one taxable year, payment shall be made in the later taxable year.

(c)All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements
of Section 409A of the Code, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any reimbursement be for expenses incurred during the
period specified in this Agreement, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during a fiscal
year not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other fiscal year, (iii) the reimbursement
of an eligible expense be made no later than the last day of the fiscal year following the year in which the expense is incurred, and
(iv) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

-13-

22.Clawback Policy. Employee acknowledges and agrees that to the extent permitted under applicable law, all amounts payable
under this Agreement are subject to the terms of any applicable Clawback Policy(as defined below) and, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, including without limitation Section 409A of the Code, all amounts payable under this Agreement are subject to offset in the
event that Employee has an outstanding clawback, recoupment or forfeiture obligation to the Company under the terms of any applicable
Clawback Policy. In the event of a clawback, recoupment or forfeiture event under an applicable Clawback Policy, the amount required to
be clawed back, recouped or forfeited pursuant to such policy shall be deemed not to have been earned under the terms of this Agreement
or otherwise, and the Company shall be entitled to recover from Employee the amount specified under the policy to be clawed back, recouped
or forfeited. For the purposes of this Agreement, Clawback Policy means any clawback, recoupment or forfeiture provisions
of any applicable clawback, recoupment or forfeiture policy approved by the Board (or a committee thereof), as in effect from time to
time, whether approved before or after the Effective Date. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee will be bound by the terms of
any such Clawback Policy as if it were set forth in this Agreement.

23.Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed
to be an original and all of which shall constitute the same instrument. Any and all counterparts may be executed by facsimile.

[signature page follows]

-14-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

TRAWS PHARMA, INC.

/s/ Jack Stover

By: Jack Stover, Chairman of the Board

EMPLOYEE:

IAIN DUKES

/s/ Iain Dukes

(Signature)

[Signature Page to Traws Pharma, Inc. Employment Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tmb-20250415.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tmb-20250415_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tmb-20250415_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36020

Entity Registrant Name Traws
Pharma, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001130598

Entity Tax Identification Number 22-3627252

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 12 Penns Trail

Entity Address, City or Town Newtown

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 18940

City Area Code 267

Local Phone Number 759-3680

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, par value $.01 per share

Trading Symbol TRAW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://onconova.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm2512673d1_8k.htm 
tmb-20250415.xsd 
tmb-20250415_lab.xml 
tmb-20250415_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-036366-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm2512673d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001130598 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001130598 
8-K 
2025-04-15 
Traws Pharma, Inc. 
DE 
001-36020 
22-3627252 
12 Penns Trail 
Newtown 
PA 
18940 
267 
759-3680 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $.01 per share 
TRAW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>