<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001550913-25-000065.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001550913-25-000065.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331112858
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001550913-25-000065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MacKenzie Realty Capital, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001550913
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				454355424
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42402
		FILM NUMBER:		25790123

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		89 DAVIS ROAD, STE. 100
		CITY:			ORINDA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94563
		BUSINESS PHONE:		925-631-9100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		89 DAVIS ROAD, STE. 100
		CITY:			ORINDA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94563
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>mrc8k033125.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000155091300015509132025-03-252025-03-25

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): March 25, 2025

MacKenzie Realty Capital, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

000-55006

(Commission File Number)

Maryland

45-4355424

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

89 Davis Road, Suite 100

Orinda, California94563

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(925) 631-9100

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

NOT APPLICABLE

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 per value

MKZR

NASDAQ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter): 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Effective March 25, 2025, MacKenzie Realty Capital, Inc. (Nasdaq: MKZR; the Company) entered into a Forbearance, Settlement, and Release Agreement (the Forbearance Agreement) with First
Northern Bank of Dixon (the Lender), which is the lender for the indebtedness secured by the Companys Main Street West office building property (the Property) that is currently in maturity default, as previously disclosed (the Property

Debt). That loan, in the original principal amount of $16,600,000, originally bore interest at a fixed annual rate of 4% which had increased to a default rate of 8% per annum at the date of the Forbearance Agreement and, as of
such date, had an aggregate balance due of $15,787,500 (consisting of a principal balance due of $14,742,049, accrued interest of $857,984 and costs due to the Lender related to the default in the amount of $187,467 (the Lender Costs).

Additional parties to the Forbearance Agreement include: (a) MacKenzie Real Estate Advisers, LP, the entity that serves as the
Companys external real estate adviser (the Real Estate Adviser); (b) the Companys wholly owned limited partnership which owns the Property and the
wholly owned entity which serves as its general partner (collectively, the Property Subsidiaries); and (c) two additional parties that were original
guarantors on the Property Debt (and subsequently have been indemnified by the Companys Operating Partnership for any amounts payable with respect to such guarantees): (i) The Wiseman Company, LLC, from which the Company originally acquired
ownership of the Property Subsidiaries and (ii) Doyle Wiseman, in his capacity as Trustee of his Family Trust. For additional information concerning the terms of the Property Debt and the relationships among these parties, as well as definitions
of capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this report or in the Forbearance Agreement, please refer to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its most
recent fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2024, each as previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

The material terms of Forbearance Agreement are as follows:

In consideration of the execution of the Forbearance Agreement, the Company made a forbearance payment to the Lender in
the amount of $5,000,000 (the Forbearance Payment), funded through a portion of the proceeds received from the Companys recent registered
direct offering of shares of its common stock and concurrent private placement of warrants to purchase additional common stock, as described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2025. Under the
terms of the Forbearance Agreement, this payment was applied towards full payment of the Lender Costs and accrued interest in the amount of $522,525 (excluding $335,459 of Covid-19 deferred interest, which remains part of the balance
due on the loan), with the remainder being applied to reduce the principal balance due).

Additional funds in the amount of $592,691 currently held by the receiver previously appointed for the Property in
connection with the maturity default, less a $100,000 receivers expense reserve and any April 2025 tenant rents to be returned to the Company, were applied to a further reduction of principal and the payment of currently due real
property taxes.

From and after the Maturity Date for the Property Debt of November 1, 2024, the fixed annual interest rate on all
outstanding balances is reset to 8.0% per annum.

Pursuant to a companion Indemnity Agreement, the Company, together with its Real Estate Adviser and the Property
Subsidiaries, also agreed to indemnify the Lender against losses resulting from any potential third-party claim seeking disgorgement of all or any portion of the Forbearance Payment or any other payments received by Lender pursuant to
the Property Debt.

Subject to performance by the Company and additional parties other than the Lender of the terms of the Forbearance Agreement, including
reaffirmation of the terms of the original Property Debt and their related guarantees as well as the non-occurrence of any specified Forbearance Event of Default, the Lender agreed to forbear until a Forbearance Termination Date of
September 30, 2025, from taking any action to further pursue a non-judicial foreclosure sale of the Property or to otherwise enforce its remedies for the maturity default under the Property Debt and related deed of trust.

Following the application of payments provided for by the Forbearance Agreement, the remaining outstanding balance due on the
Property Debt is approximately $10,400,000.

The foregoing description of the Forbearance Agreement and the related Indemnity Agreement is only a summary, does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full terms of the Forbearance Agreement and the Indemnity Agreement, which are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2 to this report.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth above in Item 1.01 of this report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

Hillview Hollywood Refinancing

The Company closed on a new loan on its subsidiarys property in Hollywood, California. The Company successfully
replaced the original ~$17 million construction loan, at a current interest rate of 9.5%, with a new CMBS loan of $11.66 million at an interest rate of 5.866%. This refinancing alone should increase the cashflow from the property by over
$900,000 a year.

On March 31, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Forbearance Agreement and refinancing described
above. A copy of that press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits

Exhibit Number 

Description

10.1

Forbearance, Settlement, and Release
Agreement dated March 25, 2025, related to Main Street West property indebtedness.

10.2

Indemnity Agreement dated March 25, 2025,
related to Main Street West property indebtedness.

99.1

Press Release issued March 31, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MACKENZIE REALTY CAPITAL, INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date: March 31, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Robert Dixon 

Robert Dixon 

President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORBEARANCE, SETTLEMENT, AND RELEASE AGREEMENT DATED MARCH 25, 2025, RELATED TO MAIN STREET WEST PROPERTY INDEBTEDNESS
<TEXT>
FORBEARANCE, SETTLEMENT AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

This Forbearance, Settlement, and Release Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 25, 2025 (the Agreement Date), by and among MAIN STREET WEST, L.P., a
California limited partnership (Borrower), MAIN STREET WEST, LLC, a California limited liability company(MSW LLC), THE WISEMAN COMPANY, LLC, a California limited liability company (Wiseman
Company), DOYLE K. WISEMAN, an individual (Wiseman), DOYLE K. WISEMAN, an individual in his capacity as Trustee of The Wiseman Family
Trust dated December 6, 2002 (Wiseman Trustee), MACKENZIE REALTY CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland corporation (MacKenzie Realty), MACKENZIE REAL ESTATE ADVISERS, LP, a California limited partnership (MacKenzie Advisers), and FIRST NORTHERN BANK OF DIXON (Lender) with reference to the following recitals:

RECITALS

A. 

Borrower is indebted to Lender under a loan identified in Lenders books and records as Loan No. xxx6603, in the original principal
amount of Sixteen Million Six Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($16,600,000.00) (the Loan). The purpose of the Loan was to (i)
refinance existing loans secured by the real property and improvement commonly known as 925 Clinton Street, Napa, California, identified as Assessors Parcel Number 003-143-010-000 (the Real Property), (ii) to fund a tenant improvement reserve for the Real Property in the amount of $750,000.00 (the Tenant Improvement Reserve), and (iii) to fund partnership distributions that are permissible under Borrowers partnership agreement and applicable law.

B. 

Loan Documents. The Loan is
evidenced and secured by the following documents (the Loan Documents):

1. 

Note. Promissory Note dated
October 22, 2019, executed by Borrower in favor of Lender in the original principal amount of Sixteen Million Six Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($16,600,000.00) (the Original Note). Under the terms of the Original Note, Borrower promised to pay consecutive monthly payment of principal and interest in the amount of $88,252.25 commencing December 1, 2019 (the Monthly Payments). Under the terms of the Original Note, Borrower promised to pay all unpaid principal, accrued interest and other amounts
outstanding under the Original Note on November 1, 2024 (the Maturity Date). Under the terms of the Original Note, interest accrues at a
fixed annual rate of four percent (4.0%) per annum (the Note Rate) until the Maturity Date. Commencing on the Maturity Date, the
outstanding principal balance shall bear interest at the annual rate of eight percent (8.0%) per (the Default Rate).

2. 

Change in Terms Agreement. A Change in Terms Agreement dated May 28, 2020, pursuant to which the Original Note was modified and amended to
provide that the Monthly Payments due on June 1, 2020 through November 1, 2020 (the Deferred Monthly Payments) shall be deferred and
shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date. The Original Note as modified and amended by the Change in Terms Agreement is referred to herein as the Note.

3. 

Covenant Agreement. A
Covenant Agreement October 22, 2019, executed by Borrower in favor of Lender (the Covenant Agreement).

1

4. 

Deed of Trust. A Deed of
Trust with Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated October 22, 2019, executed by Borrower, as Trustor, in favor of Lender as Beneficiary, and recorded in the official records of Napa County, California (the Official Records) on October 30, 2019, as Document # 2019-0022396 (the Deed of Trust). The Deed of Trust encumbers Borrowers interest in the Real Property, as more fully described in Exhibit A to the Deed of Trust (the Real Property), in a first-priority position. Under the terms of the Deed of Trust, Borrower granted all of its rights, title and interest in the Real Property and certain personal property
(as described in the Deed of Trust) (the Personal Property, and together with the Real Property, the Property) to secure the all of Borrowers obligations under the Note, the Covenant Agreement, the Deed of Trust and the Related Documents (as defined in herein
below) (collectively, the Secured Obligations). In addition, under the terms of Deed of Trust, Borrower assigned to Lender to secure the
Secured Obligations (i) all of Borrowers right, title and interest in, to, and under any and all leases, licenses and other agreements of any kind relating to the use or occupancy of all or any portion of the Real Property, whether then in
effector entered into in the future (collectively, the Assigned Leases), together with (ii) all rents, royalties, issues, profits,
revenue, income, accounts, proceeds and other benefits of the Real Property, whether not due, past due or to become due, including all prepaid rents and security deposits (collectively, the Rents). In addition, under the terms of the Deed of Trust, Borrower granted to Lender to secure the Secured Obligations, a Uniform Commercial Code Security Interest in the Personal
Property and Rents.

5. 

MSW LLC Guaranty. A Guaranty
dated October 22, 2019, executed by MSW LLC, in favor of Lender (the MSW LLC Guaranty), pursuant to which MSW LLC unconditionally
guaranteed and promised to pay to Lender all indebtedness of Borrower to Lender with respect to the Loan, including all duties and liabilities of Borrower under the Note, the Covenant Agreement, the Deed of Trust and the Related Documents.

6. 

Wiseman Company Guaranty. A Guaranty dated October 22, 2019, executed by Wiseman Company, in favor of Lender (the Wiseman Company Guaranty), pursuant to which Wiseman Company unconditionally guaranteed and promised to pay to Lender all indebtedness of Borrower to Lender
with respect to the Loan, including all duties and liabilities of Borrower under the Note, the Covenant Agreement, the Deed of Trust and the Related Documents.

7. 

Wiseman Guaranty. A Guaranty dated October 22, 2019, executed by Wiseman, in favor of Lender (the Wiseman Guaranty), pursuant to which Wiseman unconditionally guaranteed and promised to pay to Lender all indebtedness of Borrower to Lender with respect to the
Loan, including all duties and liabilities of Borrower under the Note, the Covenant Agreement, the Deed of Trust and the Related Documents.

8. 

Wiseman Trust Guaranty. A Guaranty dated October 22,
2019, executed by Wiseman as Trustee, in favor of Lender (the Wiseman Trust Guaranty), pursuant to which Wiseman as Trustee, on behalf
of and as Trustee of The Wiseman Family Trust dated December 6, 2002 (Wiseman Trust), unconditionally guaranteed and promised to pay to
Lender all indebtedness of Borrower to Lender with respect to the Loan, including all duties and liabilities of Borrower under the Note, the Covenant Agreement, the Deed of Trust and the Related Documents.

2

9. 

Related Documents. All other
documents executed and delivered in connection with the Loan (the Related Documents).

C. 

Borrower is in default under the Loan for, among other things, the failure to pay the indebtedness under the Loan in full on the
Maturity Date (the Maturity Default).

D. 

As a result of the
Maturity Default, Lender is entitled to enforce all of Lenders rights and remedies under the Loan Documents and at law or in equity (the Lenders
Rights and Remedies). Under the terms of the Loan Documents, Borrower agreed to pay to Lender all of Lenders costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, which may be incurred by Lender in enforcing or protecting Lenders
rights or interests (collectively, the Loan Enforcement Costs). As a result of the Maturity Default, Lender has engaged outside legal
counsel to advise Lender with respect to the protection of its interest and the enforcement of its rights and remedies and has incurred, and will continue to incur, attorneys fees and costs (Lenders Attorneys Fees and Costs) which are included in the Loan Enforcement Costs and shall become part of the indebtedness owed under the Loan.

E. 

As a result of the Maturity Default, Lender caused a Notice of Default and Election to Sell under Deed of Trust to be recorded in
the Official Records on November 27, 2024, as Doc # 2024-0017622 (the NOD) initiating non-judicial foreclosure proceedings under the Deed
of Trust pursuant to California Civil Code Section 2924 et seq. (the Non-Judicial Foreclosure Proceedings). Lender caused a Notice of
Trustees Sale to be recorded in the Official Records on March 5, 2025, as Doc # 2025-0003069 (the Notice of Sale) scheduling a Trustees
sale under the Deed of Trust (the Trustees Sale) for April 4, 2025 (the Trustees Sale Date).

F. 

On December 20,
2024, Lender filed a Verified Complaint (the Complaint) in Napa County Superior Court (the Court) as Case No. 24CV002268 (the Action), against Borrower, MSW LLC,
Wiseman Company, Wiseman and Wiseman as Trustee (collectively, Obligors, and each an Obligor) alleging causes of action, inter alia, for breach of contract under
the Note, judicial foreclosure under the Deed of Trust, breach of contact under the MSW LLC Guaranty, the Wiseman Company Guaranty, the Wiseman Guaranty, and the Wiseman Trust Guaranty (the Guarantees and each a Guaranty), appointment of a receiver over the Property,
and a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction.

G. 

Pursuant to Lenders
application (the Receiver Application), on January 28, 2025, the Court entered an Order Appointing Receiver and Preliminary Injunction
(the Receiver Appointment Order) appointing Gerard F. Keena, II (the Receiver) as receiver over the Property, ordering Borrower to turnover possession of the Property and proceeds of Rents to Receiver, and enjoining Obligors from interfering with the Receivers
possession and management of the Property, as more fully described in the Receiver Appointment Order.

H. 

As of the Agreement
Date, the sum of $15,787,499.93 is due and owing under the Loan (the Present Loan Indebtedness), consisting of principal in the amount
of $14,742,049.12, interest in the amount of $857,984.04 (including Covid-19 deferred interest in the amount of $335,458.85 (the Deferred
Interest)), and Loan Enforcement Cost of $187,466.77, consisting of estimated Lenders Attorneys Fees and Costs of $151,161.66, foreclosure trustees fees and costs of $25,105.11 (Trustees Fees and Cost), and appraisal fees of $11,200.00 (Appraisal Fees).
Interest accrues under the Loan from and after the Agreement Date at 8.00% per annum, or $3,276.02 per day.

I. 

Obligors have
requested that Lender agree to forbear from the further exercise of Lenders Rights and Remedies. Subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations set forth in this Agreement, Lender has agreed to forbear from the further exercise of
Lenders Rights and Remedies.

3

AGREEMENT

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, Obligors, MacKenzie Realty, MacKenzie Advisers and Lender (collectively, the Parties and each a Party), hereby agree as follows:

1. 

INCORPORATION OF RECITALS. 
The Recitals set forth herein above are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement.

2. 

DEFINED TERMS. Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning as defined in the Complaint. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement or the Complaint shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the California
Uniform Commercial Code (the UCC) or Title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code). The defined terms in this Agreement shall apply equally to both the singular and the plural forms of the defined term. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall
include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. All references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America.

3. 

REAFFIRMATION OF LOAN INDEBTEDNESS.
Borrower hereby acknowledges and reaffirms the existence, validity, and enforceability of Borrowers obligations under the Loan in the amounts and terms as are set forth in the above Recitals and under each of the Loan Documents, each of which is and shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect, except as specifically provided in this Agreement. Borrower further acknowledges
that in addition to the Present Loan Indebtedness, Borrower is or may become liable for additional or future indebtedness, consisting of, but not limited to the following amounts (the Additional Loan Indebtedness):

a. 

Any future expenditures that may be made by Lender, as authorized in the Loan Documents to protect its security, and interest on
any such expenditure from the date of such expenditure.

b. 

Lenders Attorneys Fees and Costs, whether previously incurred or incurred from or after the Agreement Date, including without
limitation, Lenders Attorneys Fees and Costs incurred in connection with the implementation of this Agreement, and any future costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expert witness and consultant fees, that may be
incurred by Lender after the Effective Date of this Agreement in the enforcement of Lenders Rights and Remedies, or in the enforcement of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection
with any bankruptcy proceeding; and

c. 

All accrued and accruing interest on the foregoing sums.

(The Present Loan Indebtedness and the Additional Loan Indebtedness are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Loan Indebtedness).

Borrower hereby acknowledges that, as of the Effective Date (as defined in paragraph 20 below), Borrower irrevocably waives all defenses, counterclaims, offsets, cross-complaints, claims, demands or other grounds for nonperformance of any kind or nature whatsoever, including but not limited
to, any claim arising out of or relating to the Loan (collectively, the Loan Claim(s)) that can be asserted to reduce or eliminate all or part of
the Loan Indebtedness which is now due and owing, or which may become due and owing, or to challenge the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents, or to seek affirmative relief or damages of any kind or nature from Lender. To the extent
that any such Loan Claims exist, they are fully, forever, and irrevocably released, pursuant to Obligor Release set forth in paragraph 17 below.

4

4. 

REAFFIRMATION OF GUARANTEES.
MSW LLC, Wiseman Company, Wiseman and Wiseman as Trustee (collectively, Guarantors and each Guarantor) hereby consent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Borrower. Guarantors hereby acknowledge and reaffirm the existence, validity, and enforceability of
their respective Guarantees and their obligations under their respective Guarantees for payment of the Loan Indebtedness (the Guaranty
Indebtedness). Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that, as of the Effective Date, each Guarantor irrevocably waives all defenses, counterclaims, offsets, cross-complaints, claims, demands or other grounds for nonperformance of any
kind or nature whatsoever, including but not limited to, any claim arising out of or relating to Loan or their respect Guaranty (collectively, the Guaranty Claim(s)) that can be asserted to reduce or eliminate all or part of the Guaranty Indebtedness which is now due and owing, or which may become due and owing, or to challenge the validity or enforceability of their
respective Guarantees, to reduce the Guaranty Indebtedness, or to seek affirmative relief or damages of any kind or nature from Lender. To the extent that any such Guaranty Claims exist, they are fully, forever, and irrevocably released,
pursuant to the Obligor Release set forth in paragraph 17 below.

5. 

FORBEARANCE. Subject to
satisfaction of the Conditions Precedent to the Forbearance (as defined in paragraph 20 below), and effective on the Effective Date, and, in
consideration for the Forbearance Payment (as defined in paragraph 8 below) and the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and except as
otherwise provided herein, Lender hereby agrees to forbear until the Forbearance Termination Date, from taking any action, either in person, by agent, or by the Receiver, from exercising any of Lenders Rights and Remedies, except for those
rights and remedies already exercised prior to the Effective Date (the Forbearance). The term Forbearance Termination Date means the date on which the Forbearance terminates, which date shall be the sooner of (i) the date on which any Forbearance Event of
Default (as defined in paragraph 14 below) occurs, or (ii) September 30, 2025.

6. 

EFFECT OF FORBEARANCE. The
Forbearance is not intended to be, nor shall it be construed as, a cure or waiver of the Maturity Default or of any or other events of default that may exist under the Loan Documents, whether or not known by Lender (the Existing Defaults), or a waiver of any of Lenders Rights and Remedies. To the extent that any such Existing Defaults exist, Borrower shall
remain in default under the Loan Documents, Lender reserves all of Lenders Rights and Remedies. Nothing in this Agreement shall obligate Lender to enter into any discussions with Obligors regarding any additional or future forbearance, or
the waiver or cure of any Forbearance Event of Default, or the waiver of any of Lenders Rights and Remedies upon the occurrence of any Forbearance Event of Default, or the modification or amendment to any terms and conditions of this
Agreement or any of the Loan Documents. The acceptance by Lender of any payments under the Loan shall not constitute a cure or waiver of the Existing Defaults or any Forbearance Event of Default.

5

7. 

EFFECT ON NONJUDICIAL FORECLOSURE
PROCEEDINGS. Notwithstanding the Forbearance or any other provision of this Agreement, the NOD and Notice of Sale shall remain in full force and effect. Upon satisfaction of the Conditions Precedent to Forbearance, Lender shall
postpone the Trustees Sale Date for one month or to a date that is available for a Trustees Sale in Napa County, California, that is closest date to a one-month postponement. For so long as no Forbearance Events of Defaults have occurred,
Lender will further postpone the Trustees Sale Date in monthly intervals, with a final postponement to the soonest date after September 30, 2025, that is available for a Trustees Sale in Napa County, California.

8. 

FORBEARANCE PAYMENT. In consideration for the Forbearance, and as a condition precedent thereto, Borrower shall pay, and Lender agrees to
accept, a payment in the amount of $5,000,000 (the Forbearance Payment) which must be received by Lender on or before March 28, 2025.
The Forbearance Payment shall be paid via federal funds wire, pursuant to wire instructions to be provided by Lender. The Forbearance Payment shall be applied to the Loan Indebtedness as follows:

a. 

First,
to accrued and unpaid interest, in such amounts that are necessary to pay interest (other than the Deferred Interest) current to March 28, 2025 (the Interest Payment). The Deferred Interest shall remain outstanding and unpaid and shall continue to be part of the Loan Indebtedness.

b. 

Second,
to pay such amounts as are necessary to pay Lenders Loan Enforcement Costs incurred through March 25, 2025.

c. 

Third,
the remainder of the Forbearance Payment after payment of the Interest Payment and Lenders Enforcement Costs, shall be applied toward payment of the principal balance of the Loan (the First Principal Payment).

9. 

REPRESENATIONS REGARDING SOURCES OF FUNDS. Obligors, MacKenzie Realty, and MacKenzie Advisers represent and warrant to Lender that (i) the
primary source of funds for the Forbearance Payment are proceeds (the Private Placement Proceeds) from the sale by MacKenzie Realty, to
a certain institutional investor, of commons stock and warrants (the Private Placement), pursuant to a Prospectus dated January 15,
2025 (the Prospectus); (ii) nothing in the Prospectus restricts or prohibits the use of the Private Placement Proceeds for payment of
the Forbearance Payment; and (iii) to the extent that funds used to pay the Forbearance Payment are derived from a transfer of funds from any subsidiary, affiliate, or entity owned, controlled, or managed by MacKenzie Realty or MacKenzie
Advisers, or any entity owned, controlled or managed by a subsidiary, affiliate or entity owned, controlled or managed by MacKenzie Realty or MacKenzie Advisers (a Transferring Entity), the transfer of funds was not made with actual intent to hinder, delay, or defraud any creditor of the Transferring Entity, and that, at the time the transfer was made, the Transferring
Entity was not engaged or about to engage in a business or transaction for which the remaining assets of the Transferring Entity were unreasonably small in relation to the business or transaction, and the Transferring Entity did not
intended to incur, or did not believe or should not have reasonably believed that the Transferring Entity would incur, debts beyond the Transferring Entitys ability to pay as they become due.

6

10. 

INTEREST GOING FORWARD. Obligors and Lender acknowledge and agree that the Note Rate shall be and is hereby adjusted to a fixed rate of
eight percent (8.00%) per annum (the Adjusted Note Rate). Obligors hereby acknowledge and agree that the Adjusted Note Rate is a market
rate of interest. Commencing on May 1, 2025, and on the first day of each month thereafter, Borrower shall pay monthly payments of interest only (the Monthly interest Payments) in an amount required to pay all accrued and unpaid interest (except for the Deferred Interest).

11. 

STIPULATED RECEIVER ORDER; ADDITIONAL PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS FROM FUNDS HELD BY RECEIVER.

a. 

As
a condition to the Forbearance, the Obligors and Lender, through their counsel of record in the Action, shall enter into a stipulation (the Stipulation)
for entry of stipulated order (the Stipulated Receiver Order) to be approved by the Court, which will, among other things, instruct the
Receiver to remit to Lender the Net Available Funds held in the receivership estate. The Net Available Funds shall be applied by Lender as an additional payment against the principal balance of Loan (the Second Principal Payment).

b. 

As
used herein, the term Net Available Funds shall mean:

(i) 

The
total funds held by the Receiver, including the funds designated as the Tenant Improvement Fund of $592,691.00.

(ii) 

Less,
the amounts necessary to pay the real property tax installment of $91,119.06 that becomes delinquent on April 10, 2025 (if not already paid by the Receiver).

(iii) 

Less,
any amount of funds held by the Receiver that constitute payment of rents due for the month of April 2025 (April Rents).

(iv) 

Less,
$100,000.00 as a reserve (the Receiver Reserve) to pay the Receivers fees and costs and other expenses related to the Property not
otherwise paid.

c. 

The
Stipulated Receiver Order shall include the following additional provisions:

(i) 

The
Receiver shall turn over to Borrower possession of the Real Property, Books and Records, Property Documents and Materials, each as defined in the Receiver Appointment Order. Upon turnover of possession of the Real Property, Books and
Records, Property Documents, and Materials to Borrower, the Receiver shall have no further responsibilities or obligations relating to management, control, or operation of the Real Property.

7

(ii) 

The
Preliminary Injunction set forth in paragraphs 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23 of the Receiver Appointment Order (the Injunction Provisions)
shall be dissolved and shall be of no force and effect.

(iii) 

If
not already paid, the Receiver shall pay the real property tax installment that becomes delinquent on April 10, 2025.

(iv) 

The
Receiver shall remit to Borrower any funds held by the Receiver that constitute April Rents, together with any and all tenant deposits held by the Receiver, if any. The Receiver shall have no further responsibilities, obligations or
liability with respect to April Rents and tenant deposits after such remittance.

(v) 

The
Receiver shall advise all tenants to remit all unpaid Rents to Borrower or Borrowers designated property manager. Receiver shall not be responsible for collection of unpaid and future Rents or enforcement of such instructions after
turnover of possession of the Real Property.

(vi) 

The
Receiver shall advise all vendors providing services to the Property to render all services to Borrower and submit all payments for services to Borrower or the Borrowers designated property manager. Receiver shall not be responsible for
the payment of vendor for services or enforcement of such instructions after turnover of possession of the Real Property.

(vii) 

The
Receiver shall continue to hold the Receiver Reserve for payment of the Receivers fees and costs and other expenses related to the Property not otherwise paid, until approval of Receivers final report and accounting, as provided in paragraph 12 below.

(viii) 

Any
funds held by the Receiver after payment of all of the Receivers fees and costs and other expenses related to the Property not otherwise paid shall be remitted to Lender as an additional principal payment against the Loan (the Third Principal Payment), upon approval of Receivers Final Report and the Receivers Motion (as provided in paragraph 12 below).

d. 

Lender
shall make an Ex Parte Application with the Court for approval of the Stipulated Receiver Order as soon as practicable after the Effective Date.

12. 

RECEIVER
FINAL REPORT; EXONERATION OF DEPOSIT IN LIEU OF BOND.

a. 

Obligors
acknowledge that the Receiver will be required to file with the Court a final report and accounting (the Final Report) and a motion
(the Receivers Motion) seeking approval of the Final Report, approval of the Receivers reasonable fees and costs, authorizing payment
of Receivers fees and cost from the funds held in the receivership estate, discharging the Receiver and exonerating Receivers bond. Obligors agree not to oppose or object to the amount of the Receivers fees and costs requested in the
Receivers Motion and payment of the same from the funds held in the receivership estate, but the Court must find they are reasonable.

b. 

On
January 10, 2025, in connection with the Receiver Application and the Injunctive Relief, and pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Sections 529(a), 995.710(a) and 995.710(c), Lender deposited with the Court a cashiers check drawn
on Lender in the amount of $10,000.00 (the Deposit in Lieu of Bond). Obligors acknowledge and agree that Lender will be required to
file with the Court an application for exoneration of the Deposit in Lieu of Bond. Obligors hereby agree not to oppose Lenders application for exoneration of Lenders Deposit in Lieu of Bond.

8

13. 

DISMISSAL
OF ACTION.

a. 

Lender
shall promptly dismiss the Complaint, without prejudice (the Dismissal), upon entry of (i) the order approving the Receivers Motion
and final report and accounting, discharging Receiver and exonerating Receivers bond, and (ii) the order

exonerating Lenders Deposit in Lieu of Bond.

b. 

Lender
and Obligors shall refrain from conducting discovery or from otherwise prosecuting the Action (except as required under this Agreement or otherwise required by the Court) pending entry of the Dismissal.

c. 

No
party shall be deemed a prevailing party in the Action. Obligors shall bear their own attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with the Action.

14. 

FORBEARANCE EVENTS OF DEFAULT.
Lender, at Lenders option, may terminate the Forbearance upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each a Forbearance Event of Default
and collectively, the Forbearance Events of Default):

a. 

Breach of Agreement. The
failure of Borrower to perform, or the breach by Borrower of, any term, condition, or other obligation under this Agreement.

b. 

Events of Default. The
occurrence of any Event of Default under the Loan Documents, other than the Existing Defaults, or if Lender becomes aware of an existing Event of Default other than the Known Defaults.

c. 

Disgorgement Claim. The assertion or threatened assertion of a Disgorgement Claim (as defined in paragraph 18 below).

d. 

Receiver or Trustee. Any
Obligor shall have made an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or a receiver or trustee shall have been appointed over any of Obligors property or business.

e. 

Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against any Obligor.

f. 

Representation or Warranties. 
Any of the representations and warranties set forth or made herein prove to be false or misleading in any material respect.

15. 

EFFECT OF FORBEARANCE EVENT OF
DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of any Forbearance Event of Default, Lender may, without notice, terminate the Forbearance, and exercise any or all of Lenders Rights and Remedies including, without limitation, conducting the Trustees
Sale and filing an action seeking to enforce any or all of Lenders Rights and Remedies and taking any other action Lender deems necessary to protect its rights and interest, including, without limitation, the re-appointment of the Receiver
over the Property as provided in paragraph 15 below.

9

16. 

STIPULATION TO RE-APPOINTMENT OF
RECEIVER. Obligors hereby stipulate and agree that upon the occurrence any Forbearance Event of Default, Lender shall have the right to the re-appointment of the Receiver, by the Court (or any other Court of competent jurisdiction),
over the Property, with substantially the same powers and provisions and injunctive relief as set forth in the Receiver Appointment Order. Lenders application for appointment of a receiver may be made ex parte, and the only required notice to Obligors shall be the notice required by the California Rules of Court. Obligors acknowledge and agree that the only
defenses to the re-appointment of the Receiver shall be that a Forbearance Event of Default has not in fact occurred. To the extent that any other defenses to the re-appointment of the Receiver exist, those defenses shall be deemed waived
and released, pursuant to the Obligor Release set forth in paragraph 17 below.

17. 

OBLIGOR RELEASE, REPRESENTATION, AND INDEMNIFICATION.

a. 

Release and Covenant Not to Sue.
Effective upon the Effective Date, and except as to the Lenders obligations under this Agreement, Obligors, jointly and severally, hereby forever release, discharge, and covenant not to sue Lender and/or any of Lenders officers, employees,
directors, agents, insurers, sureties, servants, partners, participants, shareholders, affiliates, attorneys, predecessors, successors and assigns and assignors (collectively, the Lender Parties) from any and all claims, demands, controversies, actions, causes of action, obligations, liability, costs, expenses, attorneys fees and damages of any character whatsoever, nature
or kind, in law or in equity, that may exist or may have arisen as of the Effective Date, including but not limited to any such claims or demands which arise from, derive from, or are in any way related or incidental to the Loan or any of the
Loan Documents, the Property, the Action, and the Non-Judicial Foreclosure Proceedings, including without limitation Loan Claims and the Guaranty Claims (collectively, the Released Claims). The release by Obligors as set forth in this paragraph shall be referred to in this Agreement as the ObligorRelease.

b. 

Representation by Obligors.
Each Obligor represents and warrant to Lender that as to the Released Claims of that Obligor (i) to the actual knowledge of that Obligor, no other entity or person has right, title or interest whatsoever in or to that Obligors Released
Claims, and (ii) there has been no assignment, transfer, conveyance, or other disposition by that Obligor of any of that Obligors Released Claims. Obligors acknowledge that Lender has relied and is relying upon such representations and
warranties in entering into this Agreement.

c. 

Indemnity by Obligors.
Obligors, and each of them, agree to indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless the Lender Parties from and against any loss, reasonable expense, liability, damage or reasonable attorneys fees and costs, arising out of or in connection
with the breach of any of that Obligors representations and/or warranties set forth in subparagraph b of this paragraph 17, including without limitation, the assertion by any third party against the Lender Parties, or any of them, of any of that Obligors Released Claims.

10

d. 

Waiver of Civil Code Section 1542.
It is the intention of the parties hereto that the Obligor Release shall be effective so as to bar all claims, demands, controversies, actions, causes of action, obligations, liabilities, costs, expenses, attorneys fees and damages of
whatsoever character, nature and kind, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, which arise from or are related to the Released Claims, and Obligors expressly acknowledge and waive any and all rights and benefits conferred upon Obligors by
the provisions of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code that may have arisen prior to the Effective Date, which provides:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN
HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY

Obligors acknowledge that the foregoing waiver of the provisions of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code was separately bargained for;
Obligors expressly acknowledge that this Agreement shall be given full force and effect in accordance with each and all of its express terms and provisions, including those terms and provisions relating to unknown and unsuspected claims, demands and
causes of action, if any, to the same effect as those terms and provisions relating to any other claims, demands and causes of action hereinabove specified.

18. 

DISGORGEMENT CLAIMS; INDEMNITY AGREEMENT.

a. 

Disgorgement Claims.Notwithstanding the Dismissal, the
completion of the Trustees Sale, or the payment in full of the Loan Indebtedness, if at any time any claim is made against Lender seeking rescission, repayment, reimbursement, disgorgement, or return of all or any portion of the Forbearance
Payment or any other payment received by Lender (a Disgorgement Claim) due to the insolvency, bankruptcy, or reorganization of any
Obligor, MacKenzie Realty, MacKenzie Advisers, or any affiliate or subsidiary of any Obligor, MacKenzie Realty, or MacKenzie Advisers, or as a result of any other action or claim made by any party in interest asserting such Disgorgement
Claim, then Lender shall have a cause of action and claim against Obligors, MacKenzie Realty and MacKenzie Advisers for the full amount disgorged or returned by Lender, including without limitation, any amount disgorged or returned upon the
advice of Lenders legal counsel that repayment is advisable under the circumstances.

b. 

Indemnity Agreement. As a condition precedent to the Forbearance, Borrower, MSW LLC, MacKenzie Realty, MacKenzie Advisers shall execute and
deliver to Lender an agreement (the Indemnity Agreement) pursuant to which they shall indemnify and hold Lender and the Lender Parties
harmless from any expense, loss, cost, liability or damage, including reasonable attorneys fees and costs arising out of any assertion or threatened assertion of any Disgorgement Claim.

11

19. 

REPRESENTATIONS OF AUTHORITY. Obligors, MacKenzie Realty, and MacKenzie Advisers represent and warrant to Lender as follows:

a. 

Borrower Representations. Borrower is a limited partnership, is duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the State of California,is qualified to do business in the State of California, and has full power to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The parties and individuals executing this Agreement on behalf of Borrower and its general partner are duly authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of Borrower and its general partner. Other than the
Action, there are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of Borrower, threatened against or affecting Borrower, the Property, or any part of it, or involving the validity or enforceability of the Deed of Trust,
the priority of the lien of the Deed of Trust, or the validity or enforceability of any of the other Loan Documents, at law or in equity, or before or by any governmental authority. Borrower is not in default with respect to any order,
writ, injunction, decree, or demand of any court or other governmental authority. The consummation of the transactions covered by this Agreement and the payment and performance of all of the obligations in this Agreement, the Note, the Deed
of Trust, and the other Loan Documents, will not result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, any mortgage, deed of trust, lease, contract, loan or credit agreement, corporate charter, bylaws, partnership agreement, trust
agreement, or other instrument to which the Borrower or its general partner is a party or by which it or they or the Property may be bound or affected.

b. 

MSW LLC Representations. MSW LLC is a limited liability company, is duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the State of
California,is qualified to do business in the State of California, and has full power to enter into this Agreement and consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The parties and individuals executing this Agreement on behalf of MSW LLC and its manager are duly authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of MSW LLC and its manager. Other than the
Action, there are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of MSW LLC, threatened against or affecting Borrower, MSW LLC, the Property, or any part of it, or involving the validity or enforceability of the Deed of
Trust, the priority of the lien of the Deed of Trust, or the validity or enforceability of any of the other Loan Documents, at law or in equity, or before or by any governmental authority. MSW LLC is not in default with respect to any
order, writ, injunction, decree, or demand of any court or other governmental authority. The consummation of the transactions covered by this Agreement and the payment and performance of all of the obligations in this Agreement, the Note,
the Deed of Trust, and the other Loan Documents, will not result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, any mortgage, deed of trust, lease, contract, loan or credit agreement, corporate charter, bylaws, partnership agreement,
trust agreement, or other instrument to which the MSW LLC is a party or by which it or the Property may be bound or affected.

c. 

Wiseman Company Representations. Wiseman Company is a limited liability company, is duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the
State of California,is qualified to do business in the State of California and has full power to enter into this Agreement and
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The parties and individuals executing this Agreement on behalf of Wiseman Company are duly authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of Wisman Company. Other than the Action,
there are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of Wisman Company, threatened against or affecting Wiseman Company, Borrower, the Property, or any part of it, or involving the validity or enforceability of the
Deed of Trust, the priority of the lien of the Deed of Trust, or the validity or enforceability of any of the other Loan Documents, at law or in equity, or before or by any governmental authority. Wiseman Company is not in default with
respect to any order, writ, injunction, decree, or demand of any court or other governmental authority. The consummation of the transactions covered by this Agreement and the payment and performance of all of the obligations in this
Agreement, the Note, the Deed of Trust, and the other Loan Documents, will not result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, any mortgage, deed of trust, lease, contract, loan or credit agreement, corporate charter, bylaws,
partnership agreement, trust agreement, or other instrument to which Wiseman Company or its managers are a party or by which it or they or the Property may be bound or affected.

12

d. 

Wiseman Representations. Wiseman is an individual, residing in the State of California, with the legal capacity to enter into this Agreement
and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Other than the Action, there are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of Wiseman, threatened against or affecting Borrower, MSW LLC, the
Property, or any part of it, or involving the validity or enforceability of the Deed of Trust, the priority of the lien of the Deed of Trust, or the validity or enforceability of any of the other Loan Documents, at law or in equity, or
before or by any governmental authority. Wiseman is not in default with respect to any order, writ, injunction, decree, or demand of any court or other governmental authority. The consummation of the transactions covered by this Agreement
and the payment and performance of all of the obligations in this Agreement, the Note, the Deed of Trust, and the other Loan Documents, will not result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, any mortgage, deed of trust, lease,
contract, loan or credit agreement, corporate charter, bylaws, partnership agreement, trust agreement, or other instrument to which Wiseman is a party or by which he or the Property may be bound or affected.

e. 

Wiseman as Trustee Representations. Wiseman as Trustee is the Trustee of the Wiseman Trust. The Wiseman Trust is duly formed and existing
under the laws of the State of California and has not been revoked. Wiseman as Trustee has the power to execute this Agreement on Wiseman Trust and the consent of no other person or entity is required to exercise that power. Other than the
Action, there are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of Wiseman as Trustee threatened against or affecting Borrower, the Wiseman Trust, the Property, or any part of it, or involving the validity or
enforceability of the Deed of Trust, the priority of the lien of the Deed of Trust, or the validity or enforceability of any of the other Loan Documents, at law or in equity, or before or by any governmental authority. The Wiseman Trust is
not in default with respect to any order, writ, injunction, decree, or demand of any court or other governmental authority. The consummation of the transactions covered by this Agreement and the payment and performance of all of the
obligations in this Agreement, the Note, the Deed of Trust, and the other Loan Documents, will not result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, any mortgage, deed of trust, lease, contract, loan or credit agreement, corporate
charter, bylaws, partnership agreement, trust agreement, or other instrument to which the Wiseman Trust is a party or by which it or the Property may be bound or affected.

f. 

MacKenzie Realty Representations. MacKenzie Realty is a corporation, is duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the State of
Maryland,is qualified to do business in the State of California and has full power to enter into this Agreement and consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The parties and individuals executing this Agreement on behalf of MacKenzie Realty are duly authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of MacKenzie Realty. Other than the Action, there are no
actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of MacKenzie Realty, threatened against or affecting Borrower, MacKenzie Realty, the Property, or any part of it, or involving the validity or enforceability of the Deed of
Trust, the priority of the lien of the Deed of Trust, or the validity or enforceability of any of the other Loan Documents, at law or in equity, or before or by any governmental authority. MacKenzie Realty is not in default with respect to
any order, writ, injunction, decree, or demand of any court or other governmental authority. The consummation of the transactions covered by this Agreement and the payment and performance of all of the obligations in this Agreement, the
Note, the Deed of Trust, and the other Loan Documents, will not result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, any mortgage, deed of trust, lease, contract, loan or credit agreement, corporate charter, bylaws, partnership
agreement, trust agreement, prospectus, or other instrument to which the MacKenzie Realty is a party or by which it or the Property may be bound or affected.

13

g. 

MacKenzie Advisers Representations. MacKenzie Advisers is a limited partnership, is duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the
State of California,is qualified to do business in the State of California, and has full power to enter into this Agreement and
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The parties and individuals executing this Agreement on behalf of Borrower and its general partner are duly authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of Borrower and its
general partner. Other than the Action, there are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of MacKenzie Advisers, threatened against or affecting Borrower, MacKenzie Advisers, the Property, or any part of it, or
involving the validity or enforceability of the Deed of Trust, the priority of the lien of the Deed of Trust, or the validity or enforceability of any of the other Loan Documents, at law or in equity, or before or by any governmental
authority. MacKenzie Advisers is not in default with respect to any order, writ, injunction, decree, or demand of any court or other governmental authority. The consummation of the transactions covered by this Agreement and the payment and
performance of all of the obligations in this Agreement, the Note, the Deed of Trust, and the other Loan Documents, will not result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, any mortgage, deed of trust, lease, contract, loan or
credit agreement, corporate charter, bylaws, partnership agreement, trust agreement, or other instrument to which MacKenzie Advisers or its general partner is a party or by which it or they or the Property may be bound or affected.

20. 

EFFECTIVE DATE. This
Agreement shall be effective on the date that all of the following conditions have been satisfied (the Conditions Precedent to Forbearance),
which shall occur if at all on or before March 31, 2025 (the Forbearance Effective Date):

a. 

Each Party shall have executed and delivered this Agreement.

b. 

The
Forbearance Payment shall have been paid and received by Lender on or before March 28, 2025.

c. 

The
Stipulation for entry of the Stipulated Receiver Order shall have been executed by Obligors counsel of record in the Action.

d. 

The
Indemnity Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by Obligors, MacKenzie Realty and MacKenzie Advisers.

Unless otherwise agreed to by Lender in writing, if the Conditions Precedent to Forbearance have not been satisfied on or before March 31,
2025, this Agreement shall be of no force and effect.

14

21. 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.

a. 

Notices. Any notice to be
given or other document to be delivered by any Party to the other or others hereunder may be delivered in person to any Party or officer or manager of any Party, or may be deposited in the United States mail, duly certified or registered,
return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, or by Federal Express or other similar overnight delivery service, or by facsimile machine or email if concurrently delivered by another permissible method set forth in this paragraph, and
addressed to the Party for whom intended, as set forth in Exhibit A which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference. 
Any Party hereto may from time to time, by written notice to the other, designate a different address which shall be substituted for the one specified in Exhibit A. Unless otherwise specifically provided for herein, all notices, payments, demands or other communications given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given and received (i)
upon personal delivery, or (ii) as of the third (3rd) business day after mailing by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as set forth above, (iii) the immediately
succeeding business day after deposit with Federal Express or other similar overnight delivery system, or (iv) upon confirmation of receipt if delivered by email.

b. 

Survival. All covenants,
agreements, representations, and warranties made herein shall survive the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

c. 

Attorneys' Fees. Should any
Party hereto retain counsel for the purpose of enforcing or preventing the breach of any provision hereof including, but not limited to, instituting any action or proceeding to enforce any provisions hereof, or for damages by reason of any
alleged breach of any provisions hereof, or for a declaration of such Party's rights or obligations hereunder, or for any other judicial remedy, then, if said matter is settled by judicial determination (which term includes arbitration
judicially affirmed), the prevailing Party shall be entitled, in addition to such other relief as granted, to be reimbursed by the losing Party for all costs and expenses incurred thereby, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys'
fees and costs for the services rendered to such prevailing Party.

d. 

Further Assurances. The
Parties hereto hereby agree to execute such other commercially reasonable documents and take such other commercially reasonable action as may be reasonably necessary to further the purposes of this Agreement.

e. 

Time of Essence. Time is
expressly declared to be of the essence in this Agreement and each of the Loan Documents, and of every provision thereof in which time is an element.

f. 

Governing Law. This
Agreement has been negotiated, entered into, and is to be performed in Napa County, California, and shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California. If there is a lawsuit, venue
shall be in the courts of Napa County, State of California.

15

g. 

Benefit and Burden. This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, representatives, successors, and assigns.

h. 

Remedies are Cumulative. All
remedies provided to Lender in this Agreement and the Loan Documents are cumulative and non-exclusive and shall be in addition to any and all other rights and remedies provided by law or in equity.

i. 

Waiver. No breach of any
provision of this Agreement or the Loan Documents can be waived unless in writing. Waiver of any one breach shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement or the Loan Documents.

j. 

Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver.
No failure or delay on the part of Lender, or any holder of any instruments evidencing any of the Loan Indebtedness, in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder, or under any of the Loan Documents, shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.

k. 

Independent Advice of Counsel.
The Parties hereto and each of them, represent and declare that in executing this Agreement they rely solely upon their own judgment, belief and knowledge, and the advice and recommendations of their own independently selected counsel, and
that they are not relying on any representation, whether written or oral, express or implied, made by any of the Parties hereto, and have not been influenced to any extent whatsoever in executing the same by any of the Parties hereto or by
any person representing them, or any of them.

l. 

Captions and Interpretations.
Titles or captions contained herein are inserted as a matter of convenience and for reference, and in no way define, limit, extend or describe the scope of this Agreement or any provision hereof. No provision in this Agreement is to be
interpreted for or against any Party because that Party or his legal representative drafted such provision.

m. 

Incorporation of Exhibits.
All exhibits and schedules attached to this Agreement are incorporated into this Agreement as though fully set forth herein.

n. 

Amendments. This Agreement
constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties as to the matters set forth in this Agreement. No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by the Party or Parties
sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment. If there is any conflict between the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the Loan Documents, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail.

o. 

Counterparts. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Parties authorize removal of the signature page of this Agreement from any counterpart copy
and the attachment of all signature pages to a single counterpart copy so that the signatures of all those signing will be physically attached to the same document. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by email shall be
equally as effective as delivery of an originally executed counterpart of this Agreement.

16

This Forbearance, Settlement and Release Agreement is made as of the Agreement Date as first set forth above but shall be effective as of the
Effective Date as set forth herein.

BORROWER:MAIN STREET WEST, L.P., a California limited partnership

By:MAIN STREET WEST, LLC, a California limited liability company,

Its General Partner

By: 

MACKENZIE REALTY OPERATING PARTNERHIP, L.P. a Delaware limited partnership, Its Manager

By: 

MACKENZIE REALTY CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland corporation, Its General Partner

By:____________________________________

Robert Dixon, CEO

By:____________________________________

Chip Patterson, Secretary

MSW LLC:MAIN STREET WEST, LLC, a California limited liability company

By: 

MACKENZIE REALTY OPERATING PARTNERHIP, L.P. a Delaware limited partnership, Its Manager

By: 

MACKENZIE REALTY CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland corporation, Its General Partner

By:_____________________________________

Robert Dixon, CEO

By: 

_____________________________________

Chip Patterson, Secretary

[Signatures continue on following page.]

17

WISEMAN COMPANY: 

THE WISEMAN COMPANY, LLC, a California limited liability company

By: 

_____________________________________

Doyle Wiseman, Its Manager

WISEMAN:

By: 

_____________________________________

Doyle Wiseman, an individual

WISEMAN TRUSTEE:

By: 

_____________________________________

Doyle Wiseman, as Trustee of The Wiseman

Family Trust dated December 6. 2002

MACKENZIE REALTY:MACKENZIE REALTY CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland corporation

By:_____________________________________

Robert Dixon, CEO

By:_____________________________________

Chip Patterson, Secretary

MACKENZIE ADVISERS: 

MACKENZIE REAL ESTATE ADVISERS, LP, a California limited partnership

By: 

LCA-GP, LLC, a California limited liability company,

Its General Partner

By:_____________________________________

Robert Dixon, Manager

By:_____________________________________

Chip Patterson, Manager

[Signatures continue on following page.]

18

LENDER:

FIRST NORTHERN BANK OF DIXON

By:________________________________

Brett Hamilton, Executive Vice President

[End of signatures.]

19

EXHIBIT A

ADDRESSES FOR NOTICE

Any notice to be given or other document to be delivered by any party to the other or others, shall be delivered to the address set forth below:

To Lender:First Northern Bank of Dixon

Attn: Brett Hamilton

1375 Exposition Blvd., Suite 300

Sacramento, CA 95815

Phone: (916) 570-1271

Email: bhamilton@thatsmybank.com

With a copy to: 

Kraft Law

Attn: Douglas H. Kraft, Esq

2315 Capitol Avenue

Sacramento, CA 95816

Phone No.: (916) 880-3040

Email: dkraft@douglaskraft.com

To Borrower: 

MAIN STREET WEST, L.P.

c/o Main Street West, LLC, its general partner

Attn: Chip Patterson

89 Davis Road, Suite 100

Orinda, CA 94563

Phone No.: (925) 235-1006

Email: chip@mackenziecapital.com

With a copy to: 

Davis Wright Tremaine LLP

Attn: John D. Freed, Esq

50 California Street, 23rd Floor

San Francisco, CA 94111-4701

Phone No.: (415) 276-6532

Email: jakefreed@dwt.com

To MSW LLC: 

MAIN STREET WEST, LLC

Attn: Chip Patterson

89 Davis Road, Suite 100

Orinda, CA 94563

Phone No.: (925) 235-1006

Email: chip@mackenziecapital.com

With a copy to: 

Davis Wright Tremaine LLP

Attn: John D. Freed, Esq

50 California Street, 23rd Floor

San Francisco, CA 94111-4701

Phone No.: (415) 276-6532

Email: jakefreed@dwt.com

[Addresses continue on following page.]

20

To Wiseman Company: 

The Wiseman Company,

Attn: Doyle Wiseman

1 Pine Ridge Way

Mill Valley, CA 94941-3539

Phone No.: (415) 518-0808

Email: dwiseman@wisemanco.com

With a copy to: 

Davis Wright Tremaine LLP

Attn: John D. Freed, Esq

50 California Street, 23rd Floor

San Francisco, CA 94111-4701

Phone No.: (415) 276-6532

Email: jakefreed@dwt.com

To Wiseman: 

Doyle Wisman

1 Pine Ridge Way

Mill Valley, CA 94941-3539

Phone No.: (415) 518-0808

Email: dwiseman@wisemanco.com

With a copy to: 

Davis Wright Tremaine LLP

Attn: John D. Freed, Esq

50 California Street, 23rd Floor

San Francisco, CA 94111-4701

Phone No.: (415) 276-6532

Email: jakefreed@dwt.com

To Wiseman as Trustee: 

Doyle Wisman

Trustee of The Wiseman Family Trust

1 Pine Ridge Way

Mill Valley, CA 94941-3539

Phone No.: (415) 518-0808

Email: dwiseman@wisemanco.com

With a copy to: 

Davis Wright Tremaine LLP

Attn: John D. Freed, Esq

50 California Street, 23rd Floor

San Francisco, CA 94111-4701

Phone No.: (415) 276-6532

Email: jakefreed@dwt.com

[Addresses continue on following page.]

21

To MacKenzie Realty: 

MACKENZIE REALTY CAPITAL, INC.

Attn: Chip Patterson

89 Davis Road, Suite 100

Orinda, CA 94563

Phone No.: (925) 235-1006

Email: chip@mackenziecapital.com

With a copy to: 

Davis Wright Tremaine LLP

Attn: John D. Freed, Esq

50 California Street, 23rd Floor

San Francisco, CA 94111-4701

Phone No.: (415) 276-6532

Email: jakefreed@dwt.com

To MacKenzie Advisers: 

MACKENZIE REAL ESTATE ADVISERS, LP

c/o LCA-GP, LLC

Attn: Chip Patterson, Manager

89 Davis Road, Suite 100

Orinda, CA 94563

Phone No.: (925) 235-1006

Email: chip@mackenziecapital.com

With a copy to: 

Davis Wright Tremaine LLP

Attn: John D. Freed, Esq

50 California Street, 23rd Floor

San Francisco, CA 94111-4701

Phone No.: (415) 276-6532

Email: jakefreed@dwt.com

[End of document.]

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INDEMNITY AGREEMENT DATED MARCH 25, 2025, RELATED TO MAIN STREET WEST PROPERTY INDEBTEDNESS
<TEXT>
INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this "Indemnity")
is entered into as of March 25, 2025, by and among MAIN STREET WEST, L.P., A California limited partnership (Borrower), MAIN STREET WEST, LLC, a
California limited liability company (MSW LLC), MACKENZIE REALTY CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland corporation (MacKenzie Realty), MACKENZIE REAL ESTATE ADVISERS, LP, a California limited partnership (MacKenzie Advisers and collectively with Borrower, MSW LLC, and MacKenzie Realty, Indemnitors and each an "Indemnitor"), and FIRST NORTHERN BANK OF DIXON (Lender),
with respect to the following recitals:

RECITALS

A. 

Borrower is indebted to Lender under a loan
identified in Lenders books and records as Loan No. xxx6603, in the original principal amount of Sixteen Million Six Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($16,600,000.00)(the "Loan"). MSW LLC is the general partner of Borrower and guarantor of the Loan. Borrower and MSW LLC are
subsidiaries of MacKenzie Realty. MacKenzie Advisers has a contractual arrangement with MacKenzie Realty to provide management and advisory services to MacKenzie Realty and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without limitation,
Borrower and MSW LLC.

B. 

Borrower is in default under the Loan for, among other things, the failure to pay the indebtedness under the Loan in full on the
Maturity Date (the Maturity Default). As a result of the Maturity Default, Lender is entitled to enforce all of Lenders rights and
remedies under the Loan Documents and at law or in equity (Lenders Rights and Remedies).

C. 

As a result of the Maturity Default, Lender caused a Notice of Default and Election to Sell under Deed of Trust to be recorded in
the Official Records on November 27, 2024, as Doc # 2024-0017622 (the NOD) initiating non-judicial foreclosure proceedings under the Deed
of Trust pursuant to California Civil Code Section 2924 et seq. (the Non-Judicial Foreclosure Proceedings). Lender caused a Notice of
Trustees Sale to be recorded in the Official Records on March 5, 2025, as Doc # 2025-0003069 (the Notice of Sale) scheduling a Trustees
sale under the Deed of Trust (the Trustees Sale) for April 4, 2025 (the Trustees Sale Date).

D. 

On December 20, 2024, Lender filed a Verified Complaint (the Complaint) in Napa County Superior Court (the Court) as Case No. 24CV002268 (the Action), against Borrower, MSW LLC, Wiseman Company, Wiseman and Wiseman as Trustee (collectively, Obligors, and each an Obligor) alleging causes of action, inter alia, for breach of contract under the Loan Documents, judicial foreclosure under the Deed of Trust, appointment of a receiver over the
Property, and a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction.

E. 

Obligors, MacKenzie Realty, MacKenzie Advisers and Lender have agreed to enter into a Forbearance, Settlement and Release
Agreement dated as of March 25, 2025 (the Forbearance Agreement), pursuant to which, and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations
thereof, Lender has agreed to postpone the Trustees Sale, dismiss the Action and forbear from the further enforcement of Lenders Rights and Remedies (the Forbearance).

F. 

Pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, and as a condition precedent to the Forbearance, Indemnitors have agreed to execute and
deliver this Indemnity for the benefit of Lender.

G. 

Indemnitors will derive a substantial direct and indirect benefit from Lender entering into the Forbearance Agreement.

1

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the Forbearance and other valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, Indemnitors agree as follows:

1.The Recitals set forth herein above are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Indemnity.

2.Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning defined in the Forbearance Agreement. As used in this Indemnity, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:

"Disgorgement Claim"
means any claim made against any Indemnitee seeking rescission, repayment, reimbursement, disgorgement, or return of all or any portion of the Forbearance Payment or any other payment received by Lender due to the insolvency, bankruptcy, or
reorganization of any Obligor, MacKenzie Realty, MacKenzie Advisers, or any affiliate or subsidiary of any Obligor, MacKenzie Realty, or MacKenzie Advisers, or as a result of any other action or claim made by any party in interest asserting such claim.

"Disgorgement ClaimLosses" means all charges, losses, liabilities, damages (whether actual, consequential, punitive, or otherwise denominated), costs, fees, demands,
actions, judgments, causes of action, and expenses of any kind or character, foreseeable or unforeseeable, liquidated or contingent, proximate or remote, arising out of, related to, or as a result of a Disgorgement Claim, including, without limitation,
the following: (i) all funds disbursed, reimbursed, repaid, disgorged or returned or otherwise paid in satisfaction of a Disgorgement Claim, including, without limitation, any amounts disbursed, reimbursed, repaid, disgorged or returned or otherwise
paid on advise of Lenders legal counsel that repayment is advisable under the circumstances; (ii) reasonable fees and expenses of outside legal counsel; (iii) the reasonable fees and expenses of accountants, third-party consultants, and other
independent contractors retained by an Indemnitee; and (iv) reasonable costs and expenses of enforcing this Indemnity.

Foreclosure Transfer"
means the transfer of title to all or any part of the Property at a foreclosure sale under the Deed of Trust, either pursuant to judicial decree or the power of sale contained in the Deed of Trust, or by deed in lieu of such foreclosure.

"Note Rate" means
the Adjusted Note Rate as defined in the Forbearance Agreement.

3.Indemnitors hereby agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lender, and Lenders officers, employees, directors, agents, insurers, sureties, servants, partners, participants,
shareholders, affiliates, attorneys, predecessors, successors and assigns and assignors, and employees of each of the foregoing (each of which, together with Lender,
shall be referred to hereinafter individually as an "Indemnitee" and collectively as the "Indemnitees") and each of them, from and against any and all Disgorgement Claim Losses.

4.With respect to any Disgorgement Claim made or threatened against an Indemnitee for which such Indemnitee is or may be entitled to indemnification under this Indemnity, such
Indemnitee shall:

a. 

Give written notice to Indemnitors of such claim within thirty (30) days after such claim is made or threatened; provided, however, that the failure to provide such notice to
Indemnitors shall not relieve Indemnitors of their obligations under this Indemnity except to the extent that each Indemnitor is materially prejudiced or otherwise forfeits rights to defenses by reason of such failure. Any notice to be
given under the Indemnity shall be made by such methods and at addresses provided in the Forbearance Agreement.

2

b. 

Provide Indemnitors such information and cooperation with respect to such claim as the Indemnitors may reasonably require,
including but not limited to, making appropriate personnel available to Indemnitor at such reasonable times as the Indemnitors may request.

c. 

Cooperate and take such steps as the Indemnitors may reasonably request to preserve and protect defenses to such claim.

d. 

In the event suit is brought with respect to such claim, upon reasonable prior notice, afford to the Indemnitors the right, which
Indemnitors may exercise in their sole discretion and at their expense, to participate in the investigation, defense and settlement of such claim, and the right, in their sole discretion and at their sole expense, to assume the defense of
such claim, including the right to designate counsel reasonably acceptable to Indemnitees, and, in that event, to control all negotiations, litigation, arbitration, settlements, compromises and appeals of such claim; provided that, if at any time any Indemnitee reasonably determines that counsel designated by Indemnitors has a conflict of interest representing such Indemnitee and any
Indemnitor, such Indemnitee may hire its own separate legal counsel to appear in any action, and may participate in all negotiations, litigation, arbitration, settlements, compromises and appeals of such claim, and all legal fees and expenses
incurred by such separate legal counsel shall be included in Disgorgement Claim Losses; provided further that such Indemnitee shall not enter into any
final settlement or compromise without the prior written consent of Indemnitors (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned).

5.This Indemnity is given solely to protect Lender and the other Indemnitees against Disgorgement Claim Losses, and not as additional security for, or as a means of repayment of,
the Loan. The obligations of the Indemnitors under this Indemnity are independent of, and shall not be measured or affected by (i) any amounts at any time owing under the Loan or the Loan Documents, or secured by the Deed of Trust, (ii) the
sufficiency or insufficiency of any collateral (including, without limitation, the Property) given to Lender to secure repayment of the Loan, (iii) the consideration given by Lender or any other party in order to acquire the Property or any portion
thereof, (iv) the modification, expiration, or termination of any of the Loan Documents, or (v) the discharge or repayment in full or in part by a credit bid at a foreclosure sale or by discharge in connection with a deed in lieu of foreclosure. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of any document or instrument, none of the obligations of the Indemnitors hereunder shall be in any way secured by the lien of the Deed of Trust or any other document or instrument securing the Loan.

6.Indemnitors obligations hereunder shall survive the repayment in full of the Loan Indebtedness and reconveyance of the Deed of Trust, a Foreclosure Transfer, and/or the sale or
other transfer of the Property, or any portion thereof, prior to a Foreclosure Transfer. The rights of each Indemnitee under this Indemnity shall be in addition to any other rights and remedies of such Indemnitee against Indemnitors under any other
document or instrument now or hereafter executed by such Indemnitors, or at law or in equity, and shall not in any way be deemed a waiver of any such rights. Each Indemnitor agrees that it shall have no right of contribution or subrogation against
any other Indemnitor unless and until all obligations of such Indemnitor have been satisfied. Each Indemnitor further agrees that, to the extent that the waiver of its rights of subrogation and contribution as set forth herein is found by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be void or voidable for any reason, any rights of subrogation or contribution of Indemnitor shall be junior and subordinate to the rights of each Indemnitee against Indemnitor hereunder.

7.All obligations of Indemnitors hereunder shall by payable on demand, and any amount due and payable hereunder to any Indemnitee by Indemnitors which is not paid within thirty (30)
days after written demand therefore from an Indemnitee with an explanation of the nature of the demand and the amounts demanded shall bear interest from the date of such demand at the Note Rate.

8.Indemnitors agree to pay on demand all of Indemnitees' costs and expenses, including Indemnitees attorney fees and legal expenses, incurred in connection with enforcement of this
Indemnity. Indemnitees may hire or pay someone else to help enforce this Indemnity. Indemnitors shall pay all costs and expenses of all such enforcement. In the event suit, action or other legal proceeding is brought to interpret or enforce this
Indemnity, Indemnitors agree to pay all additional sums as the referee or court may adjudge reasonable as Indemnitees costs, disbursements, and attorney fees at hearing, trial, and on any and all appeals. Whether or not a court action is filed, all
reasonable attorney fees and expenses Indemnitees incur in protecting their interests and/or enforcing this Indemnity shall become part of the Loan Indebtedness, shall bear interest at the Note Rate, and shall be paid to Indemnitees on demand. The
attorney fees and expenses covered by this paragraph include without limitation all of Indemnitees attorney fees, fees and expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify, vacate, or obtain relief from any automatic stay), fees and
expenses for Indemnitees post-judgment collection activities, Indemnitees' cost of searching lien records, searching public record databases, on-line computer legal research, title reports, surveyor reports, appraisal reports, collateral inspection
reports, title insurance, and bonds issued to protect Indemnitees' collateral, all to the fullest extent allowed by law.

9.This Indemnity shall be binding upon each Indemnitor, its heirs, representatives, administrators, executors, successors, and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of and shall be
enforceable by each Indemnitee, its successors, endorsees, and assigns (including, without limitation, any entity to which Lender assigns or sells all or any portion of its interest in the Loan).

10.As used herein, the singular shall include the plural and the masculine shall include the feminine and neuter and vice versa, if the context so requires.

11.This Indemnity shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of California without giving effect to conflict of law principles.

12.This Indemnity is the complete and final agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and it supersedes any and all prior agreements, discussions, and
understandings pertaining thereto. No provision can be waived or modified by conduct or oral agreement either before or after execution of this Indemnity.

13.If Indemnitor consists of more than one person or entity, each shall be jointly and severally liable to Indemnitees for the performance of Indemnitors obligation under this
Indemnity.

14.This Indemnity and all subsequent modifications, amendments, waivers, consents, or supplements hereof, if any, may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when
executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all such counterparts together, shall constitute one and the same instrument.

15.IN ANY JUDICIAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS INDEMNITY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW INDEMNITOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT OR THEY
MAY HAVE TO REQUEST OR DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY. VENUE FOR ANY ACTION RELATED THIS INDEMNITY SHALL BE IN AN APPROPRIATE COURT SELECTED BY INDEMNITEE HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES TO WHICH INDEMNITOR HEREBY CONSENTS.

3

16.JUDICIAL REFERENCE. In any judicial action or cause of action arising from
this Indemnity or otherwise, including without limitation contract and tort disputes, all decisions of fact and law shall, at the request of either Indemnitors or Indemnitees or other holder of this Indemnity, be referred to a referee in accordance
with Section 638 et seq. of the California Code of Civil Procedure if the action is before a court of any judicial district of the State of California. The referee shall prepare written findings of fact and conclusions of law, and judgment upon the
referee's award shall be entered in court in which such proceeding was commenced. No provision or exercise of any right under this provision shall limit the right of the undersigned or Indemnitees or other holder of this Indemnity to exercise
self-help remedies, such as foreclosure against or sale of any real or personal property collateral or security, or to obtain provisional or ancillary remedies from a court of competent jurisdiction before, during or after the pendency of any
judicial reference proceeding. The exercise of a remedy does not waive the right of either party to resort to judicial reference. Indemnitor and Indemnitees further agree that all disputes, claims and controversies between them shall be brought in
their individual capacities and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Indemnitor has executed this Indemnity as of the date first set forth above.

BORROWER:MAIN STREET WEST, L.P., a California limited partnership

By:MAIN STREET WEST, LLC, a California limited liability company,

Its General Partner

By: 

MACKENZIE REALTY OPERATING PARTNERHIP, L.P. a Delaware limited partnership, Its Manager

By:MACKENZIE REALTY CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland corporation, Its General Partner

By:____________________________________

Robert Dixon, CEO

By:____________________________________

Chip Patterson, Secretary

[Signatures continue on following page.]

4

MSW LLC:MAIN STREET WEST, LLC, a California limited liability company

By: 

MACKENZIE REALTY OPERATING PARTNERHIP, L.P. a Delaware limited partnership, Its Manager

By: 

MACKENZIE REALTY CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland corporation, Its General Partner

By:_____________________________________

Robert Dixon, CEO

By: 

_____________________________________

Chip Patterson, Secretary

MACKENZIE REALTY:MACKENZIE REALTY CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland corporation

By:_____________________________________

Robert Dixon, CEO

By:_____________________________________

Chip Patterson, Secretary

MACKENZIE ADVISERS: 

MACKENZIE REAL ESTATE ADVISERS, LP, a California limited partnership

By: 

LCA-GP, LLC, a California limited liability company,

Its General Partner

By:_____________________________________

Robert Dixon, Manager

By:_____________________________________

Chip Patterson, Manager

LENDER:FIRST NORTHERN BANK OF DIXON

By:________________________________

Brett Hamilton, Executive Vice President

[End of document.]

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pressrelease033125.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE ISSUED MARCH 31, 2025
<TEXT>
NEWS RELEASE

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

IR CONTACT

Andrew Barwicki

516-662-9461

andrew@barwicki.com

MacKenzie Realty Capital Announces Forbearance Agreement, Refinancing

Orinda, Calif., (March 31, 2025) MacKenzie Realty Capital, Inc. (Nasdaq: MKZR) (MacKenzie or the Company) and its advisers affiliated brokerage, Wiseman Commercial, Inc., is pleased to
announce today that it has reached an Agreement with First Northern Bank of Dixon to pay down and extend the loan on the Companys Napa Innovation Center, f/k/a Main Street West. The Company also announced the closing of a new loan on its property
in Hollywood, California.

Napa Innovation Center/Main Street West Agreement

The Company has reached a definitive agreement with First Northern Bank to continue the ownership and operation of the Napa Innovation Center, formerly
known as Main Street West, located at 1250 Main Street in downtown Napa. This agreement secures the future of the property and underscores the continued commitment to the growth and development of the Napa business community.

The Napa Innovation Center has been home to a wide range of valued tenants, and we express our deep appreciation for their patience and understanding as
the ownership group worked through the complexities of a financial agreement following the departure of anchor tenant AUL Corp. Their cooperation has been essential, and we look forward to continuing to provide a high-quality, innovative workspace
for current and future tenants.

In addition to the strong and diverse current tenant base, the Napa Innovation Center has received significant interest from large corporate and public
sector entities. Multiple tours of the building have been conducted, and it is actively being shown and marketed to potential new tenants. We anticipate announcing new leases soon, signaling a bright future for the property.

As the exclusive leasing agent for the Napa Innovation Center, Wiseman Commercial, Inc. is excited to offer a rare opportunity to lease 20,000 square feet
or more of Class A creative office space. This type of space has been largely unavailable in downtown Napa until now, and the demand for flexible, modern office environments continues to grow. With a prime location in the heart of Napa, the Napa
Innovation Center is poised to become a hub for innovation and collaboration in the region.

We are thrilled to continue our partnership with First Northern Bank and to provide top-tier office space to businesses in Napa, said Zen
Hunter-Ishikawa, CBDO of Wiseman Commercial, Inc. This agreement reinforces our commitment to the revitalization of downtown Napa and the continued success of the Napa Innovation Center as a vital part of the local economy.

For more information about leasing opportunities at the Napa Innovation Center or to schedule a tour, please contact Zen Hunter-Ishikawa at 707.427.1212 or
via email at zhunter@wisemanco.com.

Hillview Hollywood Refinancing

The Company is pleased to announce that it closed on a new loan on its subsidiarys property in Hollywood, California. The Company successfully replaced
the original ~$17 million construction loan, at a current interest rate of 9.5%, with a new CMBS loan of $11.66 million at an interest rate of 5.866%. This refinancing alone should increase the cashflow from the property by over $900,000 a year.

About Wiseman Commercial, Inc.

Wiseman Commercial, Inc. is a leading commercial real estate firm specializing in leasing, sales, and property management in the Napa Valley and
surrounding areas. With a focus on innovation and tenant satisfaction, Wiseman Commercial is committed to providing top-quality office spaces that meet the evolving needs of businesses.

For media inquiries, please contact:

Zen Hunter-Ishikawa

CBDO, Wiseman Commercial, Inc.

Phone: 707.427.1212

Email: zhunter@wisemanco.com

About MacKenzie Realty Capital, Inc. 

MacKenzie, founded in 2013, is a West Coast-focused REIT that intends to invest at least 80% of its total assets in real property, and up to a maximum of
20% of its total assets in illiquid real estate securities. We intend for the real property portfolio to be approximately 50% multifamily and 50% boutique class A office. The Company has paid a dividend every year since inception. The current
portfolio includes interests in 4 multifamily properties and 8 office properties plus 2 multifamily developments.

For more information, please contact MacKenzie at (800) 854-8357. Please visit our website at: http://www.mackenzierealty.com

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including, among others, our ability to remain financially healthy, and our expected future growth prospects. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be
deemed to be, forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such as anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, could, intend, may, plan, potential,
predict, should, will, expect, objective, projection, forecast, goal, guidance, outlook, effort, target, trajectory, focus, work to, attempt, pursue, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terms. However,
the absence of these words does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends,
current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors we believe are appropriate in the circumstances. For a further discussion of factors that could cause our future results, performance, or transactions to differ
significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement, please see the section titled Risk Factors in annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to
time.

89 Davis Road, Suite 100 Orinda, California 94563 Toll-Free (800) 854-8357 Local (925) 631-9100 www.mackenzierealty.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mkzr-20250325.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mkzr-20250325_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mkzr-20250325_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 25, 2025

Entity File Number 000-55006

Entity Registrant Name MacKenzie Realty Capital, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001550913

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-4355424

Entity Address, Address Line One 89 Davis Road, Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Orinda

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94563

City Area Code 925

Local Phone Number 631-9100

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 per value

Trading Symbol MKZR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://mackenzierealty.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mkzr-20250325.xsd 
mkzr-20250325_lab.xml 
mkzr-20250325_pre.xml 
mrc8k033125.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001550913-25-000065-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>mrc8k033125_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001550913 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

false 
0001550913 
8-K 
2025-03-25 
MacKenzie Realty Capital, Inc. 
000-55006 
MD 
45-4355424 
89 Davis Road, Suite 100 
Orinda 
CA 
94563 
925 
631-9100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 per value 
MKZR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>