<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-022829.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-022829.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250311172343
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-022829
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250311
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001970622
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				981720278
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41711
		FILM NUMBER:		25728846

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205 #1017
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-476-6908

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205 #1017
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233732-8k_inflect2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000197062200-000000000019706222025-03-112025-03-110001970622IPXX:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-03-112025-03-110001970622IPXX:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-112025-03-110001970622IPXX:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-112025-03-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 11, 2025

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-41711 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS. Employer

Identification No.)

167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017

New York, New York10016

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 476-6908

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant IPXXU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share IPXX The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share IPXXW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Forward Purchase Agreement

As previously disclosed on August 21, 2024, Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II (Inflection Point), USA Rare Earth, LLC (USARE) and
IPXX Merger Sub, LLC (Merger Sub) entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August
21, 2024 (as amended on November 12, 2024 and January 30, 2025, the Business Combination Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination). The Business Combination
will result in a combined company whereby Inflection Point will be renamed USA Rare Earth, Inc. (New USARE)
and become the manager of USARE, and substantially all of the assets and the business of the combined company will be held and operated
by USARE and its subsidiaries.

On March 11, 2025, Inflection Point and
USARE entered into (i) a forward purchase agreement with Harraden Circle Investors LP, Harraden Circle Special Opportunities LP and
Harraden Circle Strategic Investments LP (collectively, Harraden, and such agreement, the
Harraden Forward Purchase Agreement), (ii) a forward purchase agreement with Newtyn TE Partners, LP and
Newtyn Partners, LP (collectively, Newtyn, and such agreement, the Newtyn Forward Purchase
Agreement), and (iii) a forward purchase agreement with L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund
(L1, and such agreement, the L1 Forward Purchase Agreement, and together
with the Harraden Forward Purchase Agreement and the Newtyn Forward Purchase Agreement, the Forward Purchase
Agreements), each for over-the-counter Equity Prepaid Forward Transactions (each, a Forward Purchase
Transaction and, together, the Forward Purchase Transactions). Each Forward Purchase
Agreement amended, restated and superseded in its entirety a separate forward purchase agreements with each of the Sellers, dated
March 10, 2025, which had identical terms to those described herein, except that the Reset Price (as defined in the Forward Purchase
Agreements) was not subject to the floor price described below. For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, each of Harraden,
Newtyn and L1 are referred to, individually, as a Seller and, collectively, as the
Sellers). For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, Inflection Point and New USARE are referred
to as the Counterparty prior to and after the Business Combination, respectively.

Pursuant to the terms of the Forward Purchase
Agreements, (i) Harraden has agreed to hold up to 892,825 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of Inflection Point
(Inflection Point Shares), (ii) Newtyn has agreed to hold up to 700,000 Inflection Point Shares, and (iii)
L1 has agreed to hold up to 297,669 Inflection Point Shares in connection with the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing).
For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, the Inflection Point Shares held by each Seller are referred to as such Sellers
FPA Shares. Each Seller, acting separately and solely for its own account, may, if necessary, (i) reverse
its previous election to redeem its Inflection Point Shares in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the redemption rights
set forth in Inflection Points amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or (ii) purchase Inflection Point Shares
through a broker in the open market from holders of Inflection Point Shares (other than Inflection Point), including from holders who
have previously elected to redeem their Inflection Point Shares in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the redemption
rights set forth in Inflection Points amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The aggregate number of shares
subject to each Forward Purchase Agreement (the Number of Shares) will be the aggregate number of FPA Shares
as notified to Counterparty by the applicable Seller, but in no event more than such Sellers number of FPA Shares set forth above.
The Number of Shares is subject to reduction following the full or partial optional early termination of the Forward Purchase Agreements
as described below.

Each Forward Purchase Agreement provides that
no later than the earlier of (a) one business day after the Closing and (b) the date any assets from Inflection Points
trust account are disbursed in connection with the Business Combination, the Seller under such Forward Purchase Agreement will be paid
directly, out of the funds held in Inflection Points trust account, an amount (the Prepayment Amount)
equal to the product of (i) the Number of Shares and (ii) an amount (the Initial Price) equal to the redemption
price per share payable to investors who elected to redeem in connection with the Business Combination.

1

From time to time on any day the Nasdaq is
open for trading following the date of the Closing (any such date, an OET Date), each Seller may, in its
absolute discretion, elect to sell any and all FPA Shares it owns. Any such sale shall automatically terminate such Sellers
Forward Purchaser Transaction in whole or in part with respect to any such number of sold shares. Seller shall, on any day of such
OET Date, give written notice to the Counterparty of such termination and specify the number of sold FPA Shares (such quantity, the
Terminated Shares). As of each OET Date, the Counterparty shall be entitled from Seller, and the Seller
shall pay to the Counterparty, an amount equal to the product of (a) the then in effect Reset Price (as defined in the Forward
Purchase Agreement and subject to a floor of $4.00) and (b) the number of Terminated Shares. 

Each Forward Purchase Agreements maturity
date will be the date 90 days after the Closing (the Maturity Date). Upon the occurrence of the Maturity Date,
in exchange for delivery of the then Number of Shares under each Forward Purchase Transaction, the Counterparty shall pay each Seller
an amount (the Maturity Consideration) equal to (i) the number of FPA Shares less the number of Terminated
Shares multiplied by (ii) the Initial Price. The Seller will retain the Maturity Consideration from the Prepayment Amount paid by the
Counterparty to the Seller.

Each Forward Purchase Agreements may each be terminated
by any of the parties thereto if any of the following events occur: (a) failure to consummate the Business Combination on or before
the Outside Date (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), as such Outside Date may be amended or extended from time to time,
(b) termination of the Business Combination Agreement prior to the Closing, (c) it being, or, as a consequence of a change in law,
regulation or interpretation, it becomes or will become, unlawful for the Seller to perform any of its obligations contemplated by a Forward
Purchase Agreement, or (d) upon the occurrence of any Material Adverse Change (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreements) of
the Counterparty (each of such events, an Additional Termination Event). Upon any termination that occurs following the
closing of the Business Combination due to clauses (c) or (d) above, Counterparty shall be obligated to promptly accept for redemption
all of Sellers Shares in exchange for the Initial Price.

The Counterparty has agreed to indemnify and hold
harmless each Seller, its affiliates, assignees and other parties described therein (the Seller Indemnified Parties)
from and against any and all losses, incurred by or asserted against such Seller Indemnified Party arising out of, in connection with,
or relating to, any breach of any covenant or representation made by the Counterparty in the Forward Purchase Agreement, or regulatory
filings made by the Counterparty related to the Forward Purchase Transaction (other than as relates to any information provided by or
on behalf of the other party or its affiliates) and reimburse the Seller Indemnified Parties for their reasonable expenses incurred in
connection with such liabilities, subject to certain exceptions described therein, and has agreed to contribute to any amounts required
to be paid by any Seller Indemnified Parties if such indemnification is unavailable or insufficient to hold such party harmless. Each
Seller has, severally and not jointly, agreed to indemnify and hold harmless the Counterparty, its affiliates, assignees and other parties
described therein (the Counterparty Indemnified Parties) from and against any and all losses, incurred by
or asserted against such Counterparty Indemnified Party arising out of, in connection with, or relating to, any breach of any covenant
or representation made by such Seller in the Forward Purchase Agreement, or regulatory filings made by such Seller related to the Forward
Purchase Transaction (other than as relates to any information provided by or on behalf of the other party or its affiliates) and reimburse
the Counterparty Indemnified Parties for their reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such liabilities, subject to certain exceptions
described therein, and has agreed to contribute to any amounts required to be paid by any Counterparty Indemnified Parties if such indemnification
is unavailable or insufficient to hold such party harmless.

Each Sellers non-redemption of any FPA
Shares in connection with the Business Combination may reduce the number of Inflection Point Shares redeemed in connection with the Business
Combination, and such reduction could alter the perception of the potential strength of the Business Combination. Each Forward Purchase
Agreement has been structured, and all activity in connection with such agreement has been undertaken, to comply with the requirements
of all tender offer regulations applicable to the Business Combination, including Rule 14e-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934.

The foregoing summary of the Forward Purchase
Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the form of Forward Purchase Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1
hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

2

Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements

This communication includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding or similar to: estimates and forecasts
of financial and operational metrics; plans, goals, ambitions, targets, projections, future business and operations regarding future mining
capabilities, operations, manufacturing capacity and plant performance; projections of market opportunity and market share; USAREs
commercialization costs and timeline; USAREs ability to timely and effectively meet construction and mining timelines and scale
its production and manufacturing processes; USAREs ability to maintain, protect, and enhance its intellectual property; development
of favorable regulations and government demand, contracts, and incentives affecting the markets in which USARE operates; USAREs
ability to receive and/or maintain the necessary permits and other government approvals necessary to operate its business; any estimates
with respect to the rare earth and critical element and mineral deposits in the Texas Round Top deposit; Inflection Points and
USAREs expectations with respect to future performance of USAREs (and, after the Business Combination, the combined companys)
business; the expected funding of any investments prior to or concurrently with the Business Combination, to the extent they remain unfunded;
anticipated financial impacts of the Business Combination; the satisfaction of the closing conditions to the Business Combination; and
the timing of the completion of the Business Combination. For example, any projections of future enterprise value, revenue, market share,
and other metrics are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipate,
believe, continue, estimate, expect, intend, may,
potential, predict, should, or will, or, or the negatives of these terms or variations
of them or similar terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words.

These forward-looking statements are based upon
estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by Inflection Point, USARE and their respective managements, as the case may
be, are inherently uncertain. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve
as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction, or a definitive statement of fact or probability.
Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances
are beyond the control of Inflection Point and USARE. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that
may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: (1) changes in domestic and foreign
business, market, financial, political conditions, and in applicable laws and regulations, (2) the occurrence of any event, change or
other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of definitive agreements and any negotiations with respect to the Business
Combination; (3) the outcome of any legal proceedings that have or may be instituted against Inflection Point, USARE, the combined company,
or others; (4) the inability to complete the Business Combination due to the failure to satisfy other conditions to closing; (5) changes to the proposed structure of the Business Combination
that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations; (6) the ability to meet stock exchange listing standards
following the consummation of the Business Combination; (7) the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations
of Inflection Point or USARE, including as a result of the announcement and consummation of the Business Combination; (8) the ability
to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things: competition, the ability
of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, the ability of the combined company to build or maintain relationships with
customers and suppliers and retain its management and key employees, the supply and demand for rare earth minerals, the timing and amount
of future production, costs of production, capital expenditures and requirements for additional capital, timing of future cash flow provided
by operating activities, if any, uncertainty in any mineral estimates, uncertainty in any geological, metallurgical, and geotechnical
studies and opinions, and transportation risks; (9) costs related to the Business Combination; (10) the possibility that USARE or the
combined company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (11) estimates of expenses and profitability
and underlying assumptions with respect to stockholder redemptions and purchase price and other adjustments; (12) risks related to the
development of USA Rare Earths magnet production facility and the timing of expected production milestones, and (13) other risks
and uncertainties set forth in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus, the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and similar sections in Inflection Points final prospectus relating to its initial
public offering dated May 24, 2023, and in subsequent Inflection Point filings with the SEC, including the definitive proxy statement/prospectus
relating to the Business Combination filed by Inflection Point, and any periodic Exchange Act reports filed with the SEC such as its Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K. The recipient of this communication should carefully
consider the foregoing risk factors and the other risks and uncertainties which are more fully described in the Risk Factors
section of the definitive proxy statement/prospectus s and other documents filed by Inflection Point from time to time with the SEC. If
any of these risks materialize or the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results
implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither Inflection Point nor USARE presently know or that
they currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from contained in the forward-looking statements.
In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Inflection Point and USAREs expectations, plans, or forecasts of future events
and views as of the date of this communication. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation by any person that
the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking statements
will be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this communication. Inflection Point, USARE, and their
respective representatives and affiliates specifically disclaim any obligation to, and do not intend to, update or revise these forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Accordingly, these forward-looking statements should
not be relied upon as representing Inflection Points, USAREs, or any of their respective representatives or affiliates
assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this communication, and therefore undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking
statements. This communication contains preliminary information only, is subject to change at any time, and is not, and should not be
assumed to be, complete or constitute all of the information necessary to adequately make an informed decision regarding any potential
investment in connection with the Business Combination.

3

No Offer

This Current Report on Form 8-K is for
informational purposes only and shall neither constitute an offer to sell nor the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities,
nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to
the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdictions. No offering of securities shall be made
except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption
therefrom, nor shall any sale of securities in any states or jurisdictions in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be
unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction be effected. No securities
commission or securities regulatory authority in the United States or any other jurisdiction has in any way passed upon the merits
of the Business Combination or the accuracy or adequacy of this presentation.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibits

10.1 Form of Forward Purchase Agreement.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File-Embedded within the inline XBRL document.

4

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

Date: March 11, 2025 By: /s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023373201ex10-1_inflect2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF FORWARD PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Date: March
11, 2025

To: Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II (IPXX), a Cayman Islands exempted company (Counterparty) and
USA Rare Earth LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Target). 

Address: 100
W Airport Road, Stillwater, OK 74075

From: []
and [] (each, a Seller)

Re: Amended & Restated Confirmation to Share
Forward Transaction to Non-Redemption Agreement

The
purpose of this agreement (this Confirmation) is to confirm the terms and conditions of the transaction (the
Transaction) entered into between each Seller (severally and not jointly), IPXX and Target on the Trade Date
specified below. This Confirmation amends, restates and supersedes in its entirety the Confirmation dated as of March 10, 2024 (the
Original Confirmation Date), effective as of the date of this Confirmation. Each Seller enters into this
Confirmation with the Counterparty as a separate and distinct contractual party, and the rights and obligations of each Seller and
the Counterparty shall be several and not joint. The Counterpartys obligations to each Seller and each Sellers
obligations to the Counterparty shall be determined independently as if separate agreements existed between the Counterparty and
each Seller.

The
term Counterparty refers to IPXX until the Business Combination (as defined below), and to USA Rare Earth, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, following the Business Combination. Certain terms of the Transaction shall be as set forth in this Confirmation,
with additional terms as set forth in a Pricing Date Notice (the Pricing Date Notice) in the form of Schedule
B hereto. This Confirmation, together with the Pricing Date Notice, constitutes a Confirmation and the Transaction
constitutes a separate Transaction as referred to in the ISDA Form (as defined below).

This
Confirmation, together with the Pricing Date Notice, evidences a complete binding agreement between Seller, Target and Counterparty as
to the subject matter and terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates and shall supersede all prior or contemporaneous
written or oral communications with respect thereto.

The
2006 ISDA Definitions (the Swap Definitions) and the 2002 ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the Equity
Definitions, and with the Swap Definitions, the Definitions), each as published by the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., are incorporated into this Confirmation. If there is any inconsistency between the Definitions
and this Confirmation, this Confirmation governs. If, in relation to the Transaction, there is any inconsistency between the ISDA Form,
this Confirmation (including the Pricing Date Notice), the Swap Definitions and the Equity Definitions, the following will prevail for
purposes of such Transaction in the order of precedence indicated: (i) this Confirmation (including the Pricing Date Notice); (ii) the
Equity Definitions; (iii) the Swap Definitions; and (iv) the ISDA Form.

This
Confirmation, together with the Pricing Date Notice, shall supplement, form a part of, and be subject to an agreement in the form of
the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (the ISDA Form) as if Seller, Target and Counterparty had executed an agreement in
such form (but without any Schedule except as set forth herein under Schedule Provisions) on the Trade Date.

The
terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows, and capitalized terms, as used herein and to the
extent not otherwise defined, shall have as their definitions the applicable terms described below:

General
Terms 

Type
of Transaction: Share
Forward Transaction

Trade
Date: March
[], 2025

Pricing
Date: The
date specified in the Pricing Date Notice.

Effective
Date: One
(1) Settlement Cycle following the Pricing Date.

Valuation
Date: The
date that is 90 days after the closing of the transactions between Counterparty and Target (the Business Combination)
pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024 (as amended from time to time, the Merger
Agreement). 

Pricing
Date Notice: Seller
shall deliver to Counterparty the Pricing Date Notice no later than one (1) business day in which Nasdaq and commercial banks in
the City of New York are open for business (each such day an Exchange Business Day) following the closing of
the Business Combination. The Pricing Date Notice shall include the Number of Shares subject to this Confirmation.

Seller: Seller.

Buyer: Counterparty,
as set forth in the preamble above.

Shares: Prior
to the closing of the Business Combination, the Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of Inflection Point Acquisition
Corp. II a Cayman Islands exempted company (Ticker: IPXX) and, after the closing of the Business Combination, the shares of Class
A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Counterparty, which shall have redomesticated to Delaware and be renamed USA Rare
Earth, Inc.

Number
of Shares: The
number of IPXX shares owned by Seller on the day prior to the close of the Business Combination (such Shares referred to herein as
the Public Shares), as specified in the Pricing Date Notice, but in no event more than the Maximum Number of
Shares. The Number of Shares is subject to reduction as described under Optional Early Termination.

Maximum
Number of Shares: 

As
specified in Schedule A hereto in respect of the Transaction for the specified Seller.

Initial
Price: The
Redemption Price as determined in accordance with the organizational/constitutive documents of the Counterparty. 

Reset
Price: Initially
the Initial Price. From time to time in the Buyers sole discretion the Reset Price may be adjusted by delivering written
notice to the Seller; provided that the Reset Price shall not be adjusted to below $4.00. For the avoidance of doubt the Reset Price may only be adjusted downward. 

Prepayment: 

Payment
of the Prepayment Amount to the Seller shall be made directly from the Counterpartys Trust Account maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company holding the net proceeds of the sale of the units in Counterpartys initial public offering
(the Trust Account) no later than the Prepayment Date.

Counterparty
shall provide to Seller a final draft of the flow of funds from the Trust Account prior to the closing of the Business Combination
itemizing the Prepayment Amount due.

Prepayment
Amount: An
amount equal to the Number of Shares multiplied by the Initial Price (Prepayment Amount).

2

Prepayment
Date: The earlier of (a) one (1) Exchange
Business Day after the closing of the Business Combination and (b) the date any assets from the Trust Account are disbursed following
the Business Combination.

Variable Obligation: Not applicable.

Redemptions: Counterparty shall promptly accept any redemption reversal
requests in connection with purchases of Shares by Seller for any Public Shares subject to this Confirmation.

Exchange(s): The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq).

Related Exchange(s): All Exchanges.

Settlement
Terms 

Settlement
Method Election: Not
Applicable.

Settlement
Method: Physical
Settlement.

Settlement
Currency: USD.

Settlement
Date: Two
(2) Exchange Business Days following the Valuation Date.

Excess
Dividend Amount Ex
Amount.

Optional
Early Termination 

From
time to time and on any Exchange Business Day following the closing of the Business Combination (any such date, an OET
Date), and subject to the terms and conditions below, Seller may, in its absolute discretion, elect to sell any and
all Shares it owns. Any such sale shall automatically terminate the Transaction in whole or in part with respect to any such
number of sold Shares. Seller shall, on any OET Date, give written notice to Buyer of such termination and specify
the number of sold Shares (such quantity, the Terminated Shares). As of each OET Date, Buyer shall be entitled
from Seller, and the Seller shall pay to Buyer, an amount equal to the product of (a) the then in effect Reset Price and (b)
the number of Terminated Shares.

The
remainder of the Transaction, if any, shall continue in accordance with its terms with the Number of Shares reduced by the Terminated
Shares; provided that if the OET Date is also the stated Valuation Date, the remainder of the Transaction shall be settled in accordance
with the other provisions of Settlement Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, any Shares sold by Seller during the term of
the Transaction shall cease to be included in the Number of Shares.

Final
Settlement: On
the Settlement Date, in exchange for the delivery of the Number of Shares (as of the Valuation Date) by the Seller to the Buyer,
Seller shall be entitled to an amount equal to the product of (i) the Number of Shares (as of the Valuation Date) and (ii) the Initial
Price (such amount, the Maturity Consideration). The Seller will retain the Maturity Consideration from
the Prepayment Amount..

3

Share
Adjustments: 

Method
of Adjustment: Calculation
Agent Adjustment.

Extraordinary
Events: 

Consequences
of Merger Events involving Counterparty:

Share-for-Share: Calculation
Agent Adjustment.

Share-for-Other: Cancellation 
and Payment.

Share-for-Combined: Component
Adjustment.

Tender
Offer: Applicable;
provided, however, that Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by adding , or of the outstanding
Shares, before of the Issuer in the fourth line thereof. Sections 12.1(e) and 12.1(l)(ii) of the Equity Definitions
are hereby amended by adding or Shares, as applicable, after voting Shares.

Consequences
of Tender Offers: 

Share-for-Share: Calculation
Agent Adjustment.

Share-for-Other: Calculation
Agent Adjustment.

Share-for-Combined: Calculation
Agent Adjustment.

Composition
of Combined Consideration: Not
Applicable.

Nationalization,
Insolvency or Delisting: Cancellation
and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination); provided that in addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity
Definitions, it shall also constitute a Delisting if the Exchange is located in the United States and the Shares are not immediately
re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Nasdaq Capital Market or
the Nasdaq Global Market (or their respective successors) or such other exchange or quotation system which, in the determination
of the Calculation Agent, has liquidity comparable to the aforementioned exchanges; if the Shares are immediately re-listed, re-traded
or re-quoted on any such exchange or quotation system, such exchange or quotation system shall be deemed to be the Exchange.

Business
Combination Exclusion: Notwithstanding
the foregoing or any other provision herein, the parties agree that the Business Combination shall not constitute a Merger Event,
Tender Offer, Delisting or any other Extraordinary Event hereunder and shall not constitute an event described in Section 11.2 of
the Equity Definitions.

Additional
Disruption Events: 

(a) Change
in Law: Applicable;
provided that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by adding the words (including, for the
avoidance of doubt and without limitation, adoption or promulgation of new regulations authorized or mandated by existing statute)
after the word regulation in the second line thereof.

(a) Failure
to Deliver: Not
Applicable.

(b) Insolvency
Filing: Applicable.

(c) Hedging
Disruption: Not
Applicable.

(d) Increased
Cost of Hedging: Not
Applicable.

(e) Loss
of Stock Borrow: Not
Applicable.

(f) Increased
Cost of Stock Borrow: Not
Applicable.

4

Determining
Party: For
all applicable events, Seller, unless (i) an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event has occurred and is
continuing with respect to Seller, or (ii) if Seller fails to perform its obligations as Determining Party, in which case a Third
Party Dealer (as defined below) in the relevant market selected by Counterparty will be the Determining Party.

Additional
Provisions: 

Calculation
Agent: 

Seller,
unless (i) an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Additional Termination Event has occurred and is continuing with respect
to Seller, or (ii) if Seller fails to perform its obligations as Calculation Agent, in which case an unaffiliated leading dealer in the
relevant market selected by Counterparty in its sole discretion will be the Calculation Agent.

In
the event that a party (the Disputing Party) does not agree with any determination made (or the failure to make
any determination) by the Calculation Agent (or the Determining Party, as applicable), the Disputing Party shall have the right to require
that the Calculation Agent (or the Determining Party, as applicable) have such determination reviewed by a disinterested third party
that is a dealer in derivatives of the type that is the subject of the dispute and that is not an Affiliate of either party (a Third
Party Dealer). Such Third Party Dealer shall be jointly selected by the parties within one (1) Business Day after the Disputing
Partys exercise of its rights hereunder (once selected, such Third Party Dealer shall be the Substitute Calculation
Agent or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable). If the parties are unable to agree on a Substitute
Calculation Agent (or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable) within the prescribed time, each of the parties shall elect a Third
Party Dealer and such two dealers shall agree on a Third Party Dealer by the end of the subsequent Business Day. Such Third Party Dealer
shall be deemed to be the Substitute Calculation Agent (or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable). Any exercise by the Disputing
Party of its rights hereunder must be in writing and shall be delivered to the Calculation Agent (or the Determining Party, as applicable)
not later than the third Business Day following the Business Day on which the Calculation Agent (or the Determining Party, as applicable)
notifies the Disputing Party of any determination made (or of the failure to make any determination). Any determination by the Substitute
Calculation Agent (or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable) shall be binding in the absence of manifest error and shall be made
as soon as possible but no later than the second Business Day following the Substitute Calculation Agents (or Substitute Determining
Partys, as applicable) appointment. The costs of such Substitute Calculation Agent (or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable)
shall be borne by (a) the Disputing Party if the Substitute Calculation Agent (or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable) substantially
agrees with the Calculation Agent (or the Determining Party, as applicable) or (b) the non-Disputing Party if the Substitute Calculation
Agent (or Substitute Determining Party, as applicable) does not substantially agree with the Calculation Agent (or the Determining Party,
as applicable). If, after following the procedures and within the specified time frames set forth above, a binding determination is not
achieved, the original determination of the Calculation Agent (or the Determining Party, as applicable) shall apply.

Non-Reliance: Applicable.

Agreements
and Acknowledgements Regarding Hedging Activities: Applicable.

Additional
Acknowledgements: Applicable.

5

Collateral
Provisions: 

Grant
of Security Interest: None.

Collateral: None.

Securities
Account: None.

Securities
Intermediary: None.

Perfection: None

Schedule
Provisions: 

Specified
Entity: 

For
the purpose of:

Section
5(a)(v) of the ISDA Form: Not Applicable

Section
5(a)(vi) of the ISDA Form: Not Applicable

Section
5(a)(vii) of the ISDA Form: Not Applicable

Section 5(b)(v) of the ISDA Form, Not Applicable

Cross-Default The
Cross-Default provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) of the ISDA Form will not apply to either party.

Credit
Event Upon Merger The
Credit Event Upon Merger provisions of Section 5(b)(v) of the ISDA Form will not apply to either party.

Automatic
Early Termination: The
Automatic Early Termination of Section 6(a) of the ISDA Form will not apply to either party.

Termination
Currency: United
States Dollars.

6

Additional
Termination Event: Will
apply to Seller and to Counterparty. The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute an Additional Termination Event:

(a) The
Business Combination fails to close on or before the Outside Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) (as such Outside Date may be amended
or extended from time to time);

(b) The
Merger Agreement is terminated prior to the closing of the Business Combination;

(c) If
it is, or, as a consequence of a change in law, regulation or interpretation, it becomes or will become, unlawful for the Seller or Counterparty
to perform any of its obligations contemplated by the Transaction; and

(d) Upon
the occurrence of any Material Adverse Change of the Counterparty.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the parties obligations set forth under the captions, Other Provisions (b) Indemnification
shall survive any termination due to the occurrence of any of the foregoing Additional Termination Events. Upon any termination that
occurs following the closing of the Business Combination due to paragraph (c) or (d) above, Counterparty shall, subject to applicable
law, promptly accept for redemption all of Sellers Shares (up to the Number of Shares) in exchange for an amount of the Initial
Price per share. Except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, in all other circumstances no further payments or deliveries
shall be due by either Seller to Counterparty or Counterparty to Seller in respect of the Transaction, including without limitation
in respect of any settlement amount, breakage costs or any amounts representing the future value of the Transaction, and neither
party shall have any further obligation under the Transaction and, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, no payments
will have accrued or be due under Sections 2, 6 or 11 of the ISDA Form.

Material
Adverse Change: Means
any change, event, or occurrence, that, individually or when aggregated with other changes, events, or occurrences has had a materially
adverse effect on the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations of the Counterparty and its subsidiaries, taken
as a whole; provided, however, that no change, event, occurrence or effect arising out of or related to any of the following, alone or
in combination, shall be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Change pursuant has occurred: (i) acts of war (whether
or not declared), sabotage, military or para-military actions or terrorism, or any escalation or worsening of any such acts, or changes
in global, national or regional political or social conditions; (ii) earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados, epidemics and pandemics declared
by the World Health Organization or any other reputable third party organization (including the COVID-19 virus) or other natural or man-made
disasters; (iii) changes attributable to the public announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated herein (including the impact
thereof on relationships with customers, suppliers, employees or governmental authorities); (iv) changes or proposed changes in law,
regulations or interpretations thereof or decisions by courts or any governmental authority; (v) changes or proposed changes in GAAP
(or any interpretation thereof); (vi) any downturn in general economic conditions, including changes in the credit, debt, securities,
financial, capital or reinsurance markets (including changes in interest or exchange rates or the price of any security, market index
or commodity), in each case, in the United States or anywhere else in the world; (vii) events or conditions generally affecting the industries
and markets in which the Counterparty operates; (viii) any failure to meet any projections, forecasts, estimates, budgets or financial
or operating predictions of revenue, earnings, cash flow or cash position, provided that this clause (viii) shall not prevent a determination
that any change, event, or occurrence underlying such failure (unless otherwise excluded by the other clauses of this proviso) has resulted
in a Material Adverse Change; or (ix) any actions expressly required to be taken, or expressly required not to be taken, pursuant to
the terms hereof; provided, however, that if a change or effect related to clause (ii) or clauses (iv) through (vii) disproportionately
adversely affects the Counterparty and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, compared to other Persons operating in the same industry as
the Counterparty, then such disproportionate impact may be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Change has occurred.

Governing
Law: 

New
York law (without reference to choice of law doctrine)

Credit
Support Document: With
respect to Seller and Counterparty, None.

Credit
Support Provider: With
respect to Seller and Counterparty, None.

Local
Business Days: 

Seller
specifies the following places for the purposes of the definition of Local Business Day as it applies to it: New York.

Counterparty
specifies the following places for the purposes of the definition of Local Business Day as it applies to it: New York.

7

Representations,
Warranties and Covenants 

1. Each
of Counterparty and Seller represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with, the
other as of the date on which it enters into the Transaction that (in the absence of any
written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the
contrary for the Transaction):

(a) Non-Reliance.
It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into the Transaction and as to whether
the Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary.
It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter
into the Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the Transaction
will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into the Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received
from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the Transaction. 

(b) Assessment
and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional
advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of the Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes,
the risks of the Transaction. 

(c) Non-Public
Information. It is in compliance with Section 10(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act). 

(d) Eligible
Contract Participant. It is an eligible contract participant under, and as defined in, the Commodity Exchange
Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(18)) and CFTC regulations (17 CFR 1.3). 

(e) Tax
Characterization. It shall treat the Transaction as a derivative financial contract for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
and it shall not take any action or tax return filing position contrary to this characterization. 

(f) Private
Placement. It (i) is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Regulation D as promulgated under the
Securities Act, (ii) is entering into the Transaction for its own account without a view to the distribution or resale thereof and
(iii) understands that the assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Transaction has not been and will not be registered under
the Securities Act. 

(g) Investment
Company Act. It is not and, after giving effect to the Transaction, will not be required to register as an investment
company under, and as such term is defined in, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(h) Authorization.
The Transaction has been entered into pursuant to authority granted by its board of directors or other governing authority. It
has no internal policy, whether written or oral, that would prohibit it from entering into any aspect of the Transaction, including,
but not limited to, the purchase of Shares to be made in connection therewith. 

(i) Tender
Offer Rules. It acknowledges that the Transaction has been structured, and all activity
in connection with the Transaction has been undertaken to comply with the requirements of
all tender offer regulations applicable to the Business Combination, included Rule 14e-5
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

2. Counterparty
represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with Seller as of the date on which
it enters into the Transaction that:

(a) Non-Reliance.
Without limiting the generality of Section 13.1 of the Equity Definitions, Counterparty acknowledges that Seller is not making
any representations or warranties or taking any position or expressing any view with respect to the treatment of the Transaction
under any accounting standards. 

8

(b) Solvency.
Counterparty is, and shall be as of the date of any payment or delivery by Counterparty under the Transaction, solvent and able to
pay its debts as they come due, with assets having a fair value greater than liabilities and with capital sufficient to carry on
the businesses in which it engages. Counterparty: (i) has not engaged in and will not engage in any business or transaction after
which the property remaining with it will be unreasonably small in relation to its business, (ii) has not incurred and does not intend
to incur debts beyond its ability to pay as they mature, and (iii) as a result of entering into and performing its obligations under
the Transaction, (a) it has not violated and will not violate any relevant state law provision applicable to the acquisition or redemption
by an issuer of its own securities and (b) it would not be nor would it be rendered insolvent (as such term is defined
under Section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code). 

(c) Public
Reports. As of the Trade Date, Counterparty is in material compliance with its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act,
and all reports and other documents filed by Counterparty with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act,
when considered as a whole (with the most recent such reports and documents deemed to amend inconsistent statements contained in
any earlier such reports and documents), do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or any omission of a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. 

(d) No
Distribution. Counterparty is not entering into the Transaction to facilitate a distribution of the Shares (or any security
that may be converted into or exercised or exchanged for Shares, or whose value under its terms may in whole or in significant part
be determined by the value of the Shares) or in connection with any future issuance of securities. 

(e) SEC
Documents. The Counterparty shall make reasonable best efforts to comply with the Securities and Exchange Commissions
Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation No. 166.01 (Interpretation 166.01) for all relevant disclosure in connection
with this Confirmation and the Transaction, and will not file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any Form 8-K, Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (including any post-effective amendment thereof), proxy statement, or other document that includes any disclosure
regarding this Confirmation or the Transaction without consulting with and reasonably considering any comments received from Seller,
provided that, no consultation shall be required with respect to any subsequent disclosures that are substantially similar to prior
disclosures by Counterparty that were reviewed by Seller. 

(f) Disclosure.
The Counterparty agrees to comply with applicable SEC guidance in respect of disclosure and the Counterparty shall preview with Seller
all public disclosure relating to the Transaction and shall consult with Seller to ensure that such public disclosure, including
the press release, Form 8-K or other filing that announces the Transaction adequately discloses the material terms and conditions
of the Transaction in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Seller; provided that the Form 8-K shall be publicly filed
on the same date that this Confirmation is executed. 

9

(g) 

No
conflicts. The execution and delivery by the Counterparty and Target of, and the performance by the Counterparty and the
Target of its obligations under, the Transaction and the Confirmation and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
Confirmation, including the payments and share issuances hereunder, do not and will not result in any breach or violation of or constitute
a default under (nor constitute any event which, with notice, lapse of time or both, would result in any breach or violation of or
constitute a default under or give the holder of any indebtedness (or a person acting on such holders behalf) the right to
require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a part of such indebtedness under) (or result in the creation or imposition
of a lien, charge or encumbrance on any property or assets of the Counterparty, the Target or any of their respective subsidiaries
pursuant to) (i) any provision of applicable law, (ii) the organizational documents of any of the Counterparty, the Target
or any of their respective subsidiaries, (iii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, bank loan or credit agreement or other
evidence of indebtedness, or any license, lease, contract or other agreement or instrument binding upon the Counterparty, the Target
or any of their respective subsidiaries, or (iv) any judgment, order or decree of any governmental body, agency or court having
jurisdiction over the Counterparty, the Target or any of their respective subsidiaries, and no consent, approval, authorization or
order of, or qualification with, any governmental body or agency is required for the performance by the Counterparty or the Target
of their respective obligations under the Confirmation, except as have been obtained. In addition, the Counterparty and Target covenant
and agree not to enter into any agreement or other arrangement that would prohibit, restrict or otherwise prevent the Counterparty
from performing its obligations hereunder, including the making of any payment or Share issuance to the Seller. 

3. Seller
represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with Counterparty as of the date on
which it enters into the Transaction and each other date specified that:

(a) Regulatory
Filings. It, together with each other person in the Seller Group (as defined in Other
Provisions below), is in compliance with all material regulatory filings relating
to the Counterparty and the Transaction. Seller covenants that it will make all regulatory
filings that it is required by law or regulation to make with respect to the Transaction
including, without limitation, as may be required by Section 13 or Section 16 under the Exchange
Act.

(b) 

Shareholder
Vote. Seller agrees to not vote any Shares it holds as of the applicable record date in connection with the Business Combination
at any meeting of the Counterpartys shareholders (or to provide a written consent for that purpose with respect to such Shares)
if it would be in violation of Interpretation 166.01 to do so. 

(c) 

Shorting.
During the term of this Transaction, Seller agrees not to effect any Short Sales in respect of the Shares prior to the earlier of a)
the Settlement Date and b) the cancellation of the Transaction. Short Sales means all short sales
as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act, whether or not against the box, and all types of
direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, put equivalent
positions (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) and similar arrangements (including on a total return
basis). 

Transactions
by Seller in the Shares 

Seller
hereby waives the redemption rights (Redemption Rights) set forth in Counterpartys memorandum and articles
of association in connection with the Business Combination with respect to the Public Shares save for any redemption following the Additional
Termination Events set out in clauses (c) and (d) in the Additional Termination Event section above.

No
Arrangements 

Seller
and Counterparty each acknowledge and agree that: (i) there are no voting, hedging or settlement arrangements between Seller and Counterparty
with respect to any Shares, other than those set forth herein; (ii) Counterparty will not be entitled to any voting rights in respect
of any of the Shares underlying the Transaction; and (iii) Counterparty will not seek to influence Seller with respect to the voting
of any Hedge Positions of Seller consisting of Shares.

10

Wall
Street Transparency and Accountability Act 

In
connection with Section 739 of the Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010 (WSTAA), the parties
hereby agree that neither the enactment of WSTAA or any regulation under WSTAA, nor any requirement under WSTAA or an amendment made
by WSTAA, nor any similar legal certainty provision in any legislation enacted, or rule or regulation promulgated, on or after the date
of this Confirmation, shall limit or otherwise impair either partys otherwise applicable rights to terminate, renegotiate, modify,
amend or supplement this Confirmation or the ISDA Form, as applicable, arising from a termination event, force majeure, illegality, increased
costs, regulatory change or similar event under this Confirmation, the Equity Definitions incorporated herein, or the ISDA Form.

Address
for Notices 

Notice
to Seller: 

[]

With
a mandatory copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

[]

Notice
to IPXX:

Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II

167
Madison Avenue, Suite 205, #1017

New
York, NY 10016

Attn:
Michael Blitzer

E-mail:
[]

With
a mandatory copy to (which will not constitute notice):

White
& Case LLP

1221
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, NY 10020

Attn: Joel
Rubinstein

E-mail: []

11

Notice
to Target:

USA
Rare Earth, LLC

100
W Airport Road,

Stillwater,
OK 74075

Attn:
David Kronenfeld

E-mail:
[]

With
a mandatory copy to (which will not constitute notice):

King
& Spalding LLP

1100 Louisiana Street, Suite 4100

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Timothy FitzSimons, Trevor G. Pinkerton

E-mail:
[]

Other
Provisions. 

(a) Rule
10b5-1.

(i) Counterparty
represents and warrants to Seller that Counterparty is not entering into the Transaction
to create actual or apparent trading activity in the Shares (or any security convertible
into or exchangeable for the Shares) or to raise or depress or otherwise manipulate the price
of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) for the purpose
of inducing the purchase or sale of such securities or otherwise in violation of the Exchange
Act, and Counterparty represents and warrants to Seller that Counterparty has not entered
into or altered, and agrees that Counterparty will not enter into or alter, any corresponding
or hedging transaction or position with respect to the Shares. Counterparty acknowledges
that it is the intent of the parties that the Transaction comply with the requirements of
paragraphs (c)(1)(i)(A) and (B) of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act (Rule 10b5-1)
and the Transaction shall be interpreted to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c).

(ii) Counterparty
agrees that it will not seek to control or influence Sellers decision to make any
purchases or sales (within the meaning of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B)(3)) under
the Transaction, including, without limitation, Sellers decision to enter into any
hedging transactions. Counterparty represents and warrants that it has consulted with its
own advisors as to the legal aspects of its adoption and implementation of this Confirmation
and the Transaction under Rule 10b5-1.

(iii) Counterparty
acknowledges and agrees that any amendment, modification, waiver or termination of this Confirmation must be effected in accordance with
the requirements for the amendment or termination of a plan as defined in Rule 10b5-1(c). Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that any such amendment, modification, waiver or termination shall be made in
good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5, and no such amendment, modification or waiver
shall be made at any time at which Counterparty, or any officer, director, manager or similar person of Counterparty is aware of any
material non-public information regarding Counterparty or the Shares.

12

(b) Indemnification.
Each of Counterparty and Seller (each, an Indemnifying Party) agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the other party, its affiliates and its assignees and their
respective directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons (each such person
being an Indemnified Party) from and against any and all losses, incurred
by or asserted against such Indemnified Party arising out of, in connection with, or relating
to, any breach of any covenant or representation made by the Indemnifying Party in this Confirmation
or the ISDA Form, regulatory filings made by the Indemnifying Party related to the Transaction
(other than as relates to any information provided by or on behalf of the other party or
its affiliates); provided that neither party will not be liable under the foregoing indemnification
provision to the extent that any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense is found in a
non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the other
partys material breach of any covenant, representation or other obligation in this
Confirmation or the ISDA Form or from the other partys willful misconduct, gross negligence
or bad faith in performing the services that are subject of the Transaction. If for any reason
the foregoing indemnification is unavailable to any Indemnified Party or insufficient to
hold harmless any Indemnified Party, then the applicable Indemnifying Party shall contribute,
to the maximum extent permitted by law, to the amount paid or payable by the Indemnified
Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability. In addition (and in addition
to any other Reimbursement of Legal Fees and other Expenses contemplated by this Confirmation),
the applicable Indemnifying Party will reimburse any Indemnified Party for all reasonable,
out-of-pocket, expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) as they are incurred
in connection with the investigation of, preparation for or defense or settlement of any
pending or threatened claim or any action, suit or proceeding arising therefrom, whether
or not such Indemnified Party is a party thereto and whether or not such claim, action, suit
or proceeding is initiated or brought by or on behalf of the applicable Indemnifying Party.
The Indemnifying Party also agrees that no Indemnified Party shall have any liability to
the applicable Indemnifying Party or any person asserting claims on behalf of or in right
of the applicable Indemnifying Party in connection with or as a result of any matter referred
to in this Confirmation except to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, liabilities
or expenses incurred by the applicable Indemnifying Party result from such Indemnified Partys
breach of any covenant, representation or other obligation in this Confirmation or the ISDA
Form or from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the Indemnified Party
or breach of any U.S. federal or state securities laws or the rules, regulations or applicable
interpretations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The provisions of this paragraph
shall survive the completion of the Transaction contemplated by this Confirmation and any
assignment and/or delegation of the Transaction made pursuant to the ISDA Form or this Confirmation
shall inure to the benefit of any permitted assignee.

(c) Transfer
or Assignment. The rights and duties under this Confirmation may not be transferred
or assigned by any party hereto without the prior written consent of the other party, such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, subject to the immediately following sentence. If
at any time following the closing of the Business Combination at which (A) either the Section
16 Percentage exceeds 9.9%, or the Share Amount exceeds the Applicable Share Limit (if any
applies) (any such condition described in clause (A) or (B), an Excess Ownership
Position), and (B) Seller is unable to effect a transfer or assignment of a portion
of the its Shares or the Transaction to a third party on pricing terms reasonably acceptable
to Seller and within a time period reasonably acceptable to Seller such that no Excess Ownership
Position exists, then Seller may designate any Exchange Business Day as an Early Termination
Date with respect to a portion of the Transaction (the Terminated Portion),
such that following such partial termination no Excess Ownership Position exists. In the
event that Seller so designates an Early Termination Date with respect to a portion of the
Transaction, a portion of the Shares with respect to the Transaction shall be delivered to
Counterparty as if the Early Termination Date was the Valuation Date in respect of a Transaction
having terms identical to the Transaction and a Number of Shares equal to the number of Shares
underlying the Terminated Portion. The Section 16 Percentage as of any
day is the fraction, expressed as a percentage, as determined by Seller, (A) the numerator
of which is the number of Shares that Seller and each person subject to aggregation of Shares
with Seller under Section 13 or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and rules promulgated thereunder
and all persons who may form a group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1)
of the Exchange Act) with Seller directly or indirectly beneficially own (as defined under
Section 13 or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and rules promulgated thereunder) (the Seller
Group ) and (B) the denominator of which is the number of Shares outstanding.

The
Share Amount as of any day is the number of Shares that Seller and any person whose ownership position would be
aggregated with that of Seller and any group (however designated) of which Seller is a member (Seller or any such person or group, a
Seller Person) under any law, rule, regulation, regulatory order or organizational documents or contracts of Counterparty
that are, in each case, applicable to ownership of Shares (Applicable Restrictions), owns, beneficially owns, constructively
owns, controls, holds the power to vote or otherwise meets a relevant definition of ownership under any Applicable Restriction, as determined
by Seller in its sole discretion.

The
Applicable Share Limit means a number of Shares equal to (A) the minimum number of Shares that could give rise to
reporting or registration obligations or other requirements under Section 16 of the Exchange Act including obtaining prior approval from
any person or entity) of a Seller Person, or could result in an adverse effect on a Seller Person, under any Applicable Restriction,
as determined by Seller in its sole discretion, minus (B) 0.1% of the number of Shares outstanding.

13

(d) Amendments
to Equity Definitions.

(i) Section
12.6(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) deleting from the fourth line
thereof the word or after the word official and inserting a comma
therefor, and (ii) deleting the semi-colon at the end of subsection (B) thereof and inserting
the following words therefor or (C) the occurrence of any of the events specified
in Section 5(a)(vii)(1) through (9) of the ISDA Form with respect to that Issuer;
and

(ii) Section
12.6(c)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing the words the
Transaction will be cancelled, in the first line with the words Seller will
have the right, which it must exercise or refrain from exercising, as applicable, in good
faith acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to cancel the Transaction within one Business
Day of the Announcement Date,

(e) Waiver
of Jury Trial. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating
to the Transaction. Each party (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of
either party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in
the event of such a suit, action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and
(ii) acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to enter into the Transaction,
as applicable, by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications provided herein.

(f) Attorney
and Other Fees. In the event of any legal action initiated by any party arising under
or out of, in connection with or in respect of, this Confirmation or the Transaction, the
prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses
incurred in such action, as determined and fixed by the court.

(g) Tax
Disclosure. Effective from the date of commencement of discussions concerning the
Transaction, Counterparty and each of its employees, representatives, or other agents may
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax
structure of the Transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax
analyses) that are provided to Counterparty relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.

(h) Securities
Contract; Swap Agreement. The parties hereto intend for (i) the Transaction to be (a) a securities contract as
defined in the Bankruptcy Code, in which case each payment and delivery made pursuant to the Transaction is a termination value,
payment amount or other transfer obligation within the meaning of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code and
a settlement payment, within the meaning of Section 546 of the Bankruptcy Code, and (b) a swap agreement
as defined in the Bankruptcy Code, with respect to which each payment and delivery hereunder or in connection herewith is a termination
value, payment amount or other transfer obligation within the meaning of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy
Code and a transfer, as such term is defined in Section 101(54) of the Bankruptcy Code and a payment or other transfer
of property within the meaning of Sections 362 and 546 of the Bankruptcy Code, and the parties hereto to be entitled to the protections
afforded by, among other Sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(17), 546(e), 546(g), 555 and 560 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) a partys
right to liquidate, terminate and accelerate the Transaction and to exercise any other remedies upon the occurrence of any Event of Default
under the ISDA Form with respect to the other party to constitute a contractual right as described in the Bankruptcy Code,
and (iii) each payment and delivery of cash, securities or other property hereunder to otherwise constitute a margin payment
or settlement payment and a transfer as defined in the Bankruptcy Code. 

(i) Process Agent. For the purposes of Section 13(c)
of the ISDA Form:

Seller
appoints as its Process Agent: None

Counterparty
appoints as its Process Agent: None.

[Signature
page follows]

14

Please
confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by executing a copy of this Confirmation and returning it
to us at your earliest convenience.

Very
truly yours,

[]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed
and accepted by: 

INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

USA
RARE EARTH, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE
A

SELLER
TERMS

SELLER MAXIMUM
NUMBER OF SHARES

SCHEDULE
B

FORM
OF PRICING DATE NOTICE

Date: [ 
], 2025

To: Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II (IPXX)

Address: 

Phone: 

From: []
and [] (each, a Seller) 

Re: OTC
Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction

1. This Pricing Date Notice
supplements, forms part of, and is subject to the Confirmation (Re: Share Forward Transaction to Non-Redemption Agreement)
dated as of March 10, 2025 (as amended, restated or amended and restated from time to time, the Confirmation) between IPXX and each Seller, as amended and supplemented from
time to time. All provisions contained in the Confirmation govern this Pricing Date Notice except as expressly modified
below.

2. The
purpose of this Pricing Date Notice is to confirm certain terms and conditions relating to the Transaction described in the Confirmation
for each respective Seller.

Pricing
Date: [March
[], 2025] 

Number
of Shares: As
specified below for the corresponding Seller 

SELLER NUMBER
OF SHARES

[] []

[] []

3. Each
Seller represents as of the date hereof that it (a) owns Shares at least equal to the Number of Shares set forth in this Pricing Date
Notice, (b) has not submit such Number of Shares to the Counterparty for redemption, or has otherwise rescinded its redemption request
with respect to such Number of Shares, and (c) shall maintain ownership over such Number of Shares until after the closing of the Business
Combination.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250311.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250311_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250311_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250311_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 11, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41711

Entity Registrant Name INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

Entity Central Index Key 0001970622

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10016

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 476-6908

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol IPXXU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol IPXX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol IPXXW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IPXX_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IPXX_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IPXX_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://inflectionpointacquisition.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0233732-8k_inflect2.htm 
ipxx-20250311.xsd 
ipxx-20250311_def.xml 
ipxx-20250311_lab.xml 
ipxx-20250311_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-022829-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0233732-8k_inflect2_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001970622 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

0001970622 

IPXX:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

0001970622 

IPXX:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

0001970622 

IPXX:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001970622 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-03-11 
INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
E9 
001-41711 
167 Madison Avenue Suite 205 #1017 
New York 
NY 
10016 
212 
476-6908 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
IPXXU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
IPXX 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
IPXXW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>