<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-044406.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-044406.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250303182547
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-044406
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Viridian Therapeutics, Inc.\DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001590750
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				471187261
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36483
		FILM NUMBER:		25700545

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		221 CRESCENT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 103A
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02453
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617.272.4600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		221 CRESCENT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 103A
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02453

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MIRAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MIRAGEN THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIGNAL GENETICS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140710
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d909216d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

Viridian Therapeutics, Inc.\DEfalse000159075000015907502025-03-032025-03-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 3, 2025

VIRIDIAN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-36483 47-1187261

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

221 Crescent Street, Suite 103A 

Waltham, MA 02453

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (617)272-4600

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value VRDN The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 3, 2025, Viridian Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement (the Sale Agreement) with Jefferies LLC, as sales agent (the Sales Agent), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell from time to time through the Sales Agent, shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), having an aggregate offering price of up to $300,000,000 (the Shares). The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering, if any, to further the clinical development of the Companys product candidates and prepare for commercialization of any of the Companys product candidates that receive regulatory approval, including veligrotug, as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

The offer and sale of the Shares will be made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-267351) (the Registration Statement), which the Company filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on September 9, 2022 and which became effective upon filing. The Company filed a prospectus supplement, dated March 3, 2025, to the Registration Statement with the SEC in connection with the entry into the Sale Agreement. 

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Sale Agreement, the Sales Agent will use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Shares from time to time, based upon the Companys instructions. The Company has provided the Sales Agent with customary indemnification and contribution rights, and the Sales Agent will be entitled to a commission of up to 3.0% of the gross proceeds of Shares sold pursuant to the Sale Agreement. 

Sales of the Shares, if any, under the Sale Agreement may be made in privately negotiated transactions with the consent of the Company, as block transactions, or by any other method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company has no obligation to sell any of the Shares and may at any time suspend sales under the Sale Agreement. The Sale Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the sale of all shares of Common Stock subject to the Sale Agreement and (ii) the termination of the Sale Agreement as permitted therein. The Company and the Sales Agent may each terminate the Sale Agreement at any time upon ten days prior notice. 

The foregoing description of the Sale Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Sale Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

The legal opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP relating to the Shares being offered pursuant to the Sale Agreement is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Shares, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of the Shares in any state or country in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or country. 

Item 1.02 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

In connection with entering into the Sale Agreement, effective as of March 3, 2025, the Company terminated that certain Open Market Sale Agreement, dated September 9, 2022, by and between the Company and the Sales Agent (the Prior Sale Agreement), relating to the offering of shares of the Companys Common Stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $175,000,000. Accordingly, with the termination of the Prior Sale Agreement, the Company also terminated its at-the-market offering of shares of the Companys Common Stock conducted pursuant to the Companys prospectus supplement filed with the SEC as part of the Registration Statement on September 9, 2022 (the Prior Prospectus Supplement). As of the termination of the Prior Sale Agreement and the associated offering, the Company had sold $115.2 million of shares of its Common Stock thereunder. No 

further offerings or sales of Common Stock will be conducted under the Prior Sale Agreement or the Prior Prospectus Supplement. There are no costs or payments associated with the early termination of the Prior Sale Agreement. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are filed with this report: 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit

No. Description

1.1 Open Market Sale Agreement, dated March 3, 2025, by and between Viridian Therapeutics, Inc. and Jefferies LLC. 

5.1 Opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP. 

23.1 Consent of Ropes & Gray LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1 above). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Viridian Therapeutics, Inc.

Date: March 3, 2025 By: 

/s/ Stephen Mahoney

Stephen Mahoney

President, Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d909216dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

EXECUTION VERSION 

OPEN
MARKET SALE AGREEMENTSM

March 3, 2025 

JEFFERIES LLC 

520 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10022 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Viridian Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated herein, to issue
and sell from time to time through Jefferies LLC, as sales agent and/or principal (the Agent), shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Shares), having an aggregate
offering price of up to $300,000,000 on the terms set forth in this agreement (this Agreement). 

Reference is made to the Open Market
Sale Agreement, dated September 9, 2022, among the Company and the Agent (the Prior Agreement). The Prior Agreement is hereby terminated as of the date hereof by mutual agreement of the parties thereto pursuant to
Section 7 thereof. 

Section 1. DEFINITIONS 

(a) Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the following respective
meanings: 

Affiliate of a Person means another Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with, such first-mentioned Person. The term control (including the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with) means the possession, direct
or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Agency Period means the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the earlier to occur of (x) the date on which
the Agent shall have placed the Maximum Program Amount pursuant to this Agreement and (y) the date this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7. 

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Floor Price Limitation means the minimum price per share set by the Company in an Issuance Notice, below which the Agent shall not sell
Shares during the applicable period set forth in the applicable Issuance Notice, which may be adjusted by the Company at any time during the period set forth in the applicable Issuance Notice by delivering written notice of such change to the Agent
and which in no event shall be less than $1.00 per share without the prior written consent of the Agent, which may be withheld in the Agents sole discretion. 

Issuance Amount means the aggregate Sales Price of the Shares to be sold by the Agent pursuant to any Issuance Notice. 

Issuance Notice means a written notice delivered to the Agent by the Company in accordance with this Agreement in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A that is executed by its Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer. 

Issuance Notice Date means
any Trading Day during the Agency Period that an Issuance Notice is delivered pursuant to Section 3(b)(i). 

Issuance Price means the Sales Price less the Selling Commission. 

Maximum Program Amount means Common Shares with an aggregate Sales Price equal to the lesser of (a) the number or dollar amount of
Common Shares the issuance and sale of which is registered under the effective Registration Statement (as defined below) pursuant to which the offering is being made, (b) the number of authorized but unissued Common Shares (less Common Shares
issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of any outstanding securities of the Company or otherwise reserved from the Companys authorized capital stock), (c) the number or dollar amount of Common Shares permitted to be sold under Form S-3 (including General Instruction I.B.6 thereof, if applicable), and (d) the number or dollar amount of Common Shares for which the Company has filed a Prospectus (as defined below). 

Open Market Sale Agreement is a service mark of Jefferies LLC. 

Person means an individual or a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint venture, joint stock company, governmental authority or other entity of any kind. 

Principal Market means the Nasdaq Capital
Market or such other national securities exchange on which the Common Shares, including any Shares, are then listed. 

Sales Price means
the actual sale execution price of each Share placed by the Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Selling Commission means three percent (3%) of the
gross proceeds of Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement, or as otherwise agreed between the Company and the Agent with respect to any Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement. 

Settlement Date means the first business day, or such other time period as required by the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated
thereunder, following each Trading Day during the period set forth in the applicable Issuance Notice pursuant to which Shares are sold pursuant to this Agreement, when the Company shall deliver to the Agent the amount of Shares sold on such Trading
Day and the Agent shall deliver to the Company the Issuance Price received with respect to such sales. 

Shares means the Companys
Common Shares issued or issuable pursuant to this Agreement. 

Trading Day means any day on which the Principal Market is open for
trading. 

Section 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 

The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Agent that as of (1) the date of this Agreement; (2) each Issuance Notice Date;
(3) each Settlement Date; (4) each Triggering Event Date (as defined below); and (5) each Time of Sale (as defined below) (each of the times referenced above is referred to herein as a Representation Date), except
as may be disclosed in the Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference therein and any supplements thereto) on or before a Representation Date, and unless such representation, warranty or agreement specifies a different time: 

(a) Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and will file or has filed with the Commission an automatic shelf registration
statement, as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act, on Form S-3ASR that contains a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus). Such registration statement registers the issuance and
sale by the Company of the Shares under the Securities Act. The Company may file one or more additional registration statements from time to time that will contain a base prospectus and related prospectus or prospectus supplement, if applicable,
with respect to the Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, such registration statement(s), including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, including all financial statements,
exhibits and schedules thereto and all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by 

reference pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3ASR under the Securities Act as from time to time amended or supplemented, is herein referred to as the
Registration Statement, and the prospectus (including the Base Prospectus) constituting a part of such registration statement(s), together with any prospectus supplement filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
Securities Act relating to a particular issuance of the Shares, including all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3ASR under the Securities
Act, in each case, as from time to time amended or supplemented, is referred to herein as the Prospectus. The Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is herein called the Original Registration
Statement. As used in this Agreement, the terms amendment or supplement when applied to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing by the Company with the Commission of any
document under the Exchange Act after the date hereof that is or is deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. 

All references in this Agreement to
financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included or stated in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and
include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed under the Securities Act to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement or the
Prospectus, as the case may be, as of any specified date; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include, without limitation, the filing of any
document under the Exchange Act which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed under the Securities Act to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, as of any
specified date. The Companys obligations under this Agreement to furnish, provide or deliver or make available (and all other similar references) copies of any report or statement shall be deemed satisfied if the same is filed with the
Commission through its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR). 

At the time the Original Registration
Statement became effective and at the time the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K was filed with the Commission, if later, the Company was, or will be, a well-known seasoned
issuer as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Original Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company has not received from the
Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act objecting to the Companys use of the automatic shelf registration form. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3
under the Securities Act. During the Agency Period, each time the Company files an Annual Report on Form 10-K the Company will meet the then-applicable requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. 

(b) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Original Registration Statement
will become or became automatically effective upon filing with the Commission and prior to the issuance of any Issuance Notice by the Company. The Company has complied to the Commissions satisfaction with all requests of the Commission for
additional or supplemental information in connection therewith, if any. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment thereto, is in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been
instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. 

At the time the Companys most recent Annual Report
on Form 10-K was filed with the Commission, or, if later, at the time the Registration Statement was originally filed with the Commission, the Company met the then-applicable requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Company is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act specified in FINRA Conduct Rules 5110(h)(1)(C) and 5110(j)(6). The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, at
the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, or became effective under the Exchange Act, as the case may be, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act. 

The Prospectus when filed complied and, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and, if filed
with the Commission through EDGAR (except as may be permitted by Regulation S-T under the Securities Act), was identical to the copy thereof delivered to the Agent for use in connection with the issuance and
sale of the Shares. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment or supplement thereto, at the time it became effective and at all subsequent times, complied and will 

comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. As of the date of this Agreement, the Prospectus and any Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) considered together (collectively, the Time of Sale Information) did not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, as
of its date and at each Time of Sale, did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The representations and warranties set forth in the three immediately preceding sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus, or
any amendments or supplements thereto, made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to the Agent furnished to the Company in writing by the Agent expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such
information furnished by the Agent to the Company consists of the information described in Section 6 below. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to
the Registration Statement which have not been described or filed as required. The Registration Statement and the offer and sale of the Shares as contemplated hereby meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and comply in all
material respects with said rule. 

(c) Ineligible Issuer Status. The Company is not an ineligible issuer in connection with the
offering of the Shares pursuant to Rules 164, 405 and 433 under the Securities Act. Any Free Writing Prospectus that the Company is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act has been, or will be, filed with the Commission in
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act. Each Free Writing Prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act or that was prepared by or on behalf of or used or referred to
by the Company complies or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of Rule 433 under the Securities Act including timely filing with the Commission or retention where required and legending, and each such Free Writing Prospectus,
as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the issuance and sale of the Shares did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts with or will conflict with the information contained in
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein. Except for the Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, and electronic road shows, if any, furnished to the Agent before first use, the Company has not
prepared, used or referred to, and will not, without the Agents prior consent, prepare, use or refer to, any Free Writing Prospectus. 

(d)
Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, at the time they were filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the
requirements of the Exchange Act, as applicable, and, when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, do not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(e) Exchange Act Compliance. The
documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, and any Free Writing Prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto complied and will comply in all
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, and, when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, at the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto become effective and at each Time of Sale, as the
case may be, will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(f) Statistical and Market-Related Data. All statistical, demographic and
market-related data included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes, after reasonable inquiry, to be reliable and accurate. To the extent required, the Company has obtained the
written consent for the use of such data from such sources. 

(g) Disclosure Controls and Procedures; Deficiencies in or Changes to Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting. The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act), which
(i) are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Companys principal executive officer and its principal financial officer by others within those
entities, particularly during the periods in which the periodic reports required under the Exchange Act are being prepared; (ii) have been evaluated by management of the Company for effectiveness as of the end of the Companys most recent
fiscal quarter; and (iii) are effective in all material respects to perform the functions for which they were established. Since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there have been no significant deficiencies or
material weaknesses in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Company is not aware of any change in its internal control over financial reporting that has occurred during its most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

(h) This Agreement. This
Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(i) Authorization of the Shares. The Shares have been duly authorized
for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and, when issued and delivered by the Company against payment therefor pursuant to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the issuance and sale of the Shares are not
subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase any Shares. 

(j) No Applicable
Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this
Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived. 

(k) No Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus: (i) there has been no material adverse change, or any development that could reasonably be
expected to result in a material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business, properties, operations, assets, liabilities or prospects, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of
business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity (any such change being referred to herein as a Material Adverse Change); (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, have not incurred
any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent, including without limitation any losses or interference with their business from fire, explosion, flood, earthquakes, accident or other calamity, whether or not covered by
insurance, or from any strike, labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, that are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, and have not entered into any
transactions not in the ordinary course of business that are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company; and (iii) there has not been any material decrease in the capital stock or any material increase in any short-term or
long-term indebtedness of the Company or its subsidiaries and there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company or, except for dividends paid to the Company or other subsidiaries, by any of the
Companys subsidiaries on any class of capital stock, or any repurchase or redemption by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any class of capital stock. 

(l) Independent Accountants. KPMG LLP, which has expressed its opinion with respect to the financial statements (which term as used in this Agreement
includes the related notes thereto) or reviewed the financial statements, each as filed with the Commission as a part of and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, is (i) an independent registered public
accounting firm as required by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB); (ii) in compliance with the applicable requirements relating to the qualification of
accountants under Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act; (iii) a registered public accounting firm as defined by the PCAOB whose registration has not
been suspended or revoked and who has not requested such registration to be withdrawn and (iv) to the Companys knowledge, KPMG LLP is not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended
(the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) with respect to the Company. 

(m) Financial Statements. The financial statements filed with the
Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations,
changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally 

accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. The
interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the
Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus. The financial data included in each of the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus fairly present in all material respects the information set forth therein on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial statements contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. To the
Companys knowledge, no person who has been suspended or barred from being associated with a registered public accounting firm, or who has failed to comply with any sanction pursuant to Rule 5300 promulgated by the PCAOB, has participated in or
otherwise aided the preparation of, or audited, the financial statements, supporting schedules or other financial data filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. 

(n) Companys Accounting System. The Company and each of its subsidiaries make and keep accurate books and records and maintain a system of
internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and is prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(o) Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and to
enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and each other jurisdiction in which such
qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business. 

(p) Subsidiaries. Each of the
Companys subsidiaries (for purposes of this Agreement, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) has been duly incorporated or organized, as the case may be, and is validly existing as a corporation, partnership or limited
liability company, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has the power and authority (corporate or other) to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as
described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. Each of the Companys subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation, partnership or limited liability company, as applicable, to transact business and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business. All of the issued and outstanding capital stock or other equity or ownership interests of each of the
Companys subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance
or adverse claim. None of the outstanding capital stock or equity interest in any subsidiary was issued in violation of preemptive or similar rights of any security holder of such subsidiary. The constitutive or organizational documents of each of
the subsidiaries comply in all material respects with the requirements of applicable laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and are in full force and effect. The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any
corporation, association or other entity other than the subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(q) Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters. The authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus under the captions Description of Securities and Prospectus Supplement SummaryThe Offering as of the dates set forth therein (other than for subsequent issuances, if any,
pursuant to employee benefit plans, or upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, in each case as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus). The Common Shares (including the Shares) conform in all material respects to
the description thereof contained in the Prospectus. All of 

the issued and outstanding Common Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities
laws. All of the issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share (Preferred Shares), of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and have been issued in
compliance with all federal and state securities laws. None of the outstanding Common Shares or Preferred Shares were issued in violation of any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase
securities of the Company. There are no authorized or outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase, or equity or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any
capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than those described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The descriptions of the Companys stock option, stock bonus and other stock plans or arrangements, and the
options or other rights granted thereunder, set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus accurately and fairly presents the information required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights. 

(r) [Reserved.] 

(s) Stock Exchange Listing. The Shares
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and are listed on the Principal Market, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Shares under the
Exchange Act or delisting the Shares from the Principal Market, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission or the Principal Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. To the Companys knowledge, it
is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Principal Market. 

(t) Non-Contravention of
Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of its charter or by-laws, partnership agreement or operating
agreement or similar organizational documents, as applicable, or is in default (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, would be in default) (Default) under any indenture, loan, credit agreement, note, lease, license
agreement, contract, franchise or other instrument (including, without limitation, any pledge agreement, security agreement, mortgage or other instrument or agreement evidencing, guaranteeing, securing or relating to indebtedness) to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of their respective properties or assets are subject (each, an Existing Instrument), except for such Defaults as could not
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus and the issuance and sale of the Shares (including the use of proceeds from the sale of the Shares as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds) (i) have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and will not result in any violation of the provisions of the charter or by -laws, partnership agreement or operating agreement or similar organizational documents, as applicable, of the Company
or any subsidiary; (ii) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default or a Debt Repayment Triggering Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or
assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, or require the consent of any other party to, any Existing Instrument; and (iii) will not result in any violation of any law, administrative regulation or administrative or court
decree applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries; except for such conflicts, breaches, Defaults or Debt Repayment Triggering Events or liens, charges, encumbrances or violations specified in subsection (ii) and (iii)
that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of, or registration or filing with, any court or other governmental or regulatory
authority or agency, is required for the Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, except such as have been
obtained or made by the Company and are in full force and effect under the Securities Act and such as may be required under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.s
(FINRA). As used herein, a Debt Repayment Triggering Event means any event or condition which gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would give, the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence
of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

(u) No Material Actions or Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, or
investigation brought by or before any governmental entity now pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which could reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. No material labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or with the employees of any principal supplier, manufacturer, customer or contractor of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened or imminent. 

(v) Suppliers, Customers, Partners and Distributors. No
supplier, customer, partner or distributor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has notified the Company or any of its subsidiaries that it intends to discontinue or decrease the rate of business done with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, except where such discontinuation or decrease has not resulted in and would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(w) Intellectual Property Rights. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company and its subsidiaries own,
or have obtained valid and enforceable licenses for, the inventions, patent applications, patents, trademarks, trade names, service names, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property described in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus as being owned or licensed by them or which are necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as currently conducted or as currently proposed to be conducted (collectively, Intellectual Property). To the
Companys knowledge: (i) there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property, except for (A) customary reversionary rights of third-party licensors with respect to Intellectual Property that is disclosed in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus as licensed to the Company or one or more of its subsidiaries and (B) Intellectual Property that has been out-licensed to a third party as disclosed in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus; and (ii) there is no infringement by third parties of any Intellectual Property. There is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others:
(i) challenging the Companys rights in or to any Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim; (ii) challenging the validity,
enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim; or (iii) asserting that the Company or any of its subsidiaries
infringes or otherwise violates, or would, upon the commercialization of any product or service described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus as under development, infringe or violate, any patent, trademark, trade name, service name,
copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim. The Company and its subsidiaries have complied with the terms
of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or any subsidiary, and all such agreements are in full force and effect. To the Companys knowledge, there are no material defects in any of the patents
or patent applications included in the Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable steps to protect, maintain and safeguard their Intellectual Property, including the execution of appropriate nondisclosure,
confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements and invention assignments with their employees, and no employee of the Company is in or has been in violation of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement,
invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer
where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company. The duty of candor and good faith as required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office during the prosecution of the United States patents and
patent applications included in the Intellectual Property have been complied with; and in all foreign offices having similar requirements, all such requirements have been complied with. None of the Company owned Intellectual Property or technology
(including information technology and outsourced arrangements) employed by the Company or its subsidiaries has been obtained or is being used by the Company or its subsidiary in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or its
subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors or employees or otherwise in violation of the rights of any persons. The product candidates described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as under development by the Company or
any subsidiary fall within the scope of the claims of one or more patents owned by, or exclusively licensed to, the Company or any subsidiary. 

(x) All
Necessary Permits, etc. The Company and its subsidiaries possess such valid and current certificates, authorizations or permits required by state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies to conduct their respective businesses as
currently conducted and as described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (Permits), except where any failures to possess could not reasonably be expected to, singularly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse
Change. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of, or in default under, any of the Permits or has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of, or
non-compliance with, any such certificate, authorization or permit, except as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(y) Title to Properties. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all of
the real and personal property and other assets reflected as owned in the financial statements referred to in Section 2(m) (or elsewhere in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus), in each case free and clear of any
security interests, mortgages, liens, encumbrances, equities, adverse claims and other defects, except such as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. The real property,
improvements, equipment and personal property held under lease by the Company or any of its subsidiaries are held under valid and enforceable leases, with such exceptions as are not material and do not materially interfere with the use made or
proposed to be made of such real property, improvements, equipment or personal property by the Company or such subsidiary. 

(z) Tax Law Compliance.
The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all federal, state and foreign income and franchise tax returns required to be filed by any of them or have properly requested extensions thereof and have paid all taxes required to be paid by any of them
and, if due and payable, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them except as may be being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings. The Company has made adequate charges, accruals and reserves in the
applicable financial statements referred to in Section 2(m) in respect of all federal, state and foreign income and franchise taxes for all periods as to which the tax liability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has
not been finally determined. 

(aa) Company Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and will not be, either after receipt of
payment for the Shares or after the application of the proceeds therefrom as described under Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). 

(bb) Insurance. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries are
insured by recognized, financially sound and reputable institutions with policies in such amounts and with such deductibles and covering such risks as the Company reasonably believes are generally deemed adequate and customary for their businesses
including, but not limited to, policies covering real and personal property owned or leased by the Company and its subsidiaries against theft, damage, destruction, acts of vandalism and earthquakes and policies covering the Company and its
subsidiaries for product liability claims and clinical trial liability claims. The Company has no reason to believe that it or any of its subsidiaries will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies
expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been denied any insurance coverage which it has sought or for which it has applied. 

(cc) No Price
Stabilization or Manipulation; Compliance with Regulation M. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in stabilization or
manipulation of the price of the Shares or of any reference security (as defined in Rule 100 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act (Regulation M)) with respect to the Shares, whether to facilitate the sale or resale
of the Shares or otherwise, and has taken no action which would directly or indirectly violate Regulation M. 

(dd) Related Party Transactions.
There are no business relationships or related-party transactions involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus that have not been described as required.

(ee) FINRA Matters. All of the information provided to the Agent or to counsel for the Agent by the Company, its counsel, its officers and
directors and the holders of any securities (debt or equity) or options to acquire any securities of the Company in connection with the offering of the Shares is true, complete and correct in all material respects and compliant with FINRAs
rules and any letters, filings or other supplemental information provided to FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rules or NASD Conduct Rules is true, complete and correct. 

(ff) No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any employee or agent of the Company or any subsidiary, has made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or
candidate for, any federal, state or foreign office in violation of any applicable law or of the character required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus. 

(gg) Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse
Change: (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial or administrative interpretation
thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment, relating to pollution or protection of human health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or
subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products
(collectively, Hazardous Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws); (ii) the
Company and its subsidiaries have all permits, authorizations and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements; (iii) there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the Company or any of its
subsidiaries; and (iv) to the knowledge of the Company, there are no events or circumstances that might reasonably be expected to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit
or proceeding by any private party or governmental body or agency, against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws. 

(hh) ERISA Compliance. The Company and its subsidiaries and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or their ERISA Affiliates (as defined
below) are in compliance in all material respects with ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any member of any group of organizations described in Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or
(o) of the Code of which the Company or such subsidiary is a member. Except as could not be reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change, no reportable event (as defined under
ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan
established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA).
Neither the Company, its subsidiaries nor any of their ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit
plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a)
of the Code is so qualified and nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification. 

(ii)
Brokers. Except pursuant to this Agreement, there is no broker, finder or other party that is entitled to receive from the Company any brokerage or finders fee or other fee or commission as a result of any transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. 

(jj) No Outstanding Loans or Other Extensions of Credit. The Company does not have any outstanding extension of credit, in the
form of a personal loan, to or for any director or executive officer (or equivalent thereof) of the Company except for such extensions of credit as are expressly permitted by Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act. 

(kk) Compliance with Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries have been and are in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, except
where failure to be so in compliance could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(ll) Dividend Restrictions. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, no subsidiary of the Company is
prohibited or restricted, directly or indirectly, from paying dividends to the Company, or from making any other distribution with respect to such subsidiarys equity securities or from repaying to the Company or any other subsidiary of the
Company any amounts that may from time to time become due under any loans or advances to such subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any property or assets to the Company or to any other subsidiary. 

(mm) Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director,
officer, agent, employee, Affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has, in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, the Company or any of its subsidiaries (i) used any corporate funds for any
unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (ii) made or taken any act in furtherance of an offer, promise, or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any
foreign or domestic government official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or public international organization, or any political party, party official, or candidate for political office; (iii) violated or is in
violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA), the UK Bribery Act 2010, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law; or (iv) made, offered, authorized,
requested, or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment or benefit. The Company and its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Companys Affiliates
have conducted their respective businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. 

(nn) Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are, and have been conducted at all times, in compliance with applicable
financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or
similar applicable rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental
agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(oo) Clinical Data and Regulatory Compliance. The preclinical tests and clinical trials, and other studies (collectively, studies)
that are described in, or the results of which are referred to in, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus were and, if still pending, are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with the protocols, procedures and controls
designed and approved for such studies and with standard medical and scientific research procedures and all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, 21 C.F.R. Parts 50, 54, 56, 58, 312 and 812; each description of the results
of such studies is accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly presents the data derived from such studies, and the Company and its subsidiaries have no knowledge of any other studies the results of which are inconsistent with, or
otherwise call into question, the results described or referred to in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; the Company and its subsidiaries have made all such filings and obtained all such approvals as may be required by the Food and Drug
Administration of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services or any committee thereof or from any other U.S. or foreign government or drug or medical device regulatory agency, or health care facility Institutional Review Board (collectively,
the Regulatory Agencies), except as could not be reasonably expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change; neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of, or
correspondence from, any Regulatory Agency requiring the termination, suspension or material modification of any clinical trials that are described or referred to in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; and the Company and its subsidiaries
have each operated and currently are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable rules, regulations and policies of the Regulatory Agencies. 

(pp) Sanctions. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, after due inquiry, any director, officer, agent,
employee, Affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently the subject or the target of any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury
or the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions); nor is the Company or
any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or the target of Sanctions, including, without limitation, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North 

Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic and the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic (each,
a Sanctioned Country); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of this offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, or any joint venture partner or other
person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of such financing, is the subject or the target of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a
violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of applicable Sanctions. For the past ten years, the Company and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in
and are not now knowingly engaged in any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country. 

(qq) Sarbanes-Oxley. There is, and has been, no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their
capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906
related to certifications. 

(rr) Duties, Transfer Taxes, Etc. No stamp or other issuance or transfer taxes or duties and no capital gains, income,
withholding or other taxes are payable by the Agent in the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Company or the sale and
delivery by the Company of the Shares. 

(ss) Cybersecurity. The Company and its subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment,
computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of
the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted and, to the Companys knowledge, based on commercially reasonably security and monitoring, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs,
malware and other corruptants. The Company and its subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data, including Personal Data, used in connection with their businesses. Personal Data means (i) a
natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number,
bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined
by GDPR (as defined below); (iv) any information which would qualify as protected health information under HIPAA (as defined below); and (v) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or
his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. 

To the
Companys knowledge, there have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor any
incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same. The Company and its subsidiaries are presently in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or
arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification. 

(tt) Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. To the Companys knowledge, the Company and its
subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance with all applicable state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including without limitation HIPAA, and the Company and its subsidiaries have taken
commercially reasonable actions to prepare to comply with, and since May 25, 2018, have been and currently are in compliance with, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, the
Privacy Laws). To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects with their
policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies). To the Companys knowledge, the Company and its subsidiaries
have at all times made all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable Privacy Laws, and none of such 

disclosures made or contained in any Policy have, to the knowledge of the Company, been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements in any material
respect. The Company further certifies that neither it nor any subsidiary: (i) has received notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or
(iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law. 

(uu) Other Underwriting
Agreements. Other than the Prior Agreement, the Company is not a party to any agreement with an agent or underwriter for any other at the market or continuous equity transaction. 

(vv) Forward-Looking Statements. Each financial or operational projection or other forward-looking statement (as defined by
Section 27A of the Securities Act or Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (i) was so included by the Company in good faith and with reasonable basis after due consideration by the
Company of the underlying assumptions, estimates and other applicable facts and circumstances and (ii) as required, is accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying those factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those in such forward-looking statement. No such statement was made that was false or misleading with the knowledge of a director or senior manager of the Company that it was false or misleading. 

(ww) Compliance with Health Care Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are, and at all times have been, in compliance in all material respects with
all Health Care Laws. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), and the
regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) all applicable federal, state, local and all applicable foreign health care-related fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)), the Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.), the criminal false statements law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(a)), 18 U.S.C. 286 and 287,
the health care fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) (42 U.S.C. 1320d et seq.), the Stark Law (42 U.S.C. 1395nn), the civil monetary penalties
law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a), the exclusion law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7), the Physician Payments Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. 
1320-7h), and applicable laws governing government funded or sponsored healthcare programs; (iii) HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C.
17921 et seq.); (iv) the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; (v) licensure, quality, safety and accreditation requirements under applicable federal,
state, local or foreign laws or regulatory bodies; (vi) all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws, relating to the regulation of the Company or its subsidiaries; and (vii) the directives and regulations
promulgated pursuant to such statutes and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing,
enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Health Care Laws nor, to the
Companys knowledge, is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action threatened. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents,
forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Health Care Laws, and, to the Companys knowledge, all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims,
submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed in all material respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission). Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any
corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, or similar agreements related to enforcement actions with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally, neither the Company, any of
its subsidiaries nor any of their respective employees, officers, directors, or agents has been excluded, suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human clinical research or, to the knowledge of the
Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action that could reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion. 

(xx) Margin Rules. Neither the issuance, sale and delivery of the Shares nor the application of the proceeds thereof by the Company as described in
each of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation of such Board of Governors. 

(yy) No Rated Securities. There are no debt securities or preferred stock of, or guaranteed
by, the Company or any its subsidiaries that are rated by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization as that term is used in Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act. 

(zz) Status under the Securities Act. The Company has paid the registration fee for this offering pursuant to Rule 456(b)(1) under the Securities Act
or will pay such fee within the time period required by such rule (without giving effect to the proviso therein). 

Any certificate signed by any officer
or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and delivered to the Agent or counsel for the Agent in connection with an issuance of Shares shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Agent as to the matters
covered thereby on the date of such certificate. 

The Company acknowledges that the Agent and, for purposes of the opinions to be delivered pursuant to
Sections 4(p) and 5(a)(iv), counsel to the Company and counsel to the Agent, will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and hereby consents to such reliance. 

Section 3. ISSUANCE AND SALE OF COMMON SHARES 

(a)
Sale of Securities. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company and the Agent agree that the Company may from time to time seek to sell
Shares through the Agent, acting as sales agent, or directly to the Agent, acting as principal, as follows, with an aggregate Sales Price of up to the Maximum Program Amount, based on and in accordance with Issuance Notices as the Company may
deliver, during the Agency Period. 

(b) Mechanics of Issuances. 

(i) Issuance Notice. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, on any Trading Day during the Agency Period on which the conditions
set forth in Sections 5(a) and 5(b) shall have been satisfied, the Company may exercise its right to request an issuance of Shares by delivering to the Agent an Issuance Notice; provided, however, that (A) in no
event may the Company deliver an Issuance Notice to the extent that the sum of (x) the aggregate Sales Price of the requested Issuance Amount, plus (y) the aggregate Sales Price of all Shares issued under all previous Issuance Notices
effected pursuant to this Agreement, would exceed the Maximum Program Amount; and (B) prior to delivery of any Issuance Notice, the period set forth for any previous Issuance Notice shall have expired or been terminated. An Issuance Notice
shall be considered delivered on the Trading Day that it is received by email to the Persons set forth in Schedule A hereto and confirmed by the Company by telephone (including a voicemail message to the Persons so identified), with the
understanding that, with adequate prior written notice, the Agent may modify the list of such persons from time to time. 

(ii) Agent Efforts. Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, upon the receipt of an Issuance Notice, the Agent will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal sales and trading practices to place the Shares with
respect to which the Agent has agreed to act as sales agent, subject to, and in accordance with the information specified in, the Issuance Notice, unless the sale of the Shares described therein has been suspended, cancelled or otherwise terminated
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties to this Agreement may modify an Issuance Notice at any time provided they both agree in writing to any such modification. 

(iii) Method of Offer and Sale. The Shares may be offered and sold (A) in privately negotiated transactions with the consent of the Company;
(B) as block transactions; or (C) by any other method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on the Principal Market or sales
made into any other existing trading market of the Common Shares. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to require either party to agree to the method of offer and sale specified in the preceding sentence, and (except as specified in clauses
(A) and (B) above) the method of placement of any Shares by the Agent shall be at the Agents discretion. 

(iv) Confirmation to the Company. If acting as sales agent hereunder, the Agent will provide written
confirmation to the Company no later than the opening of the Trading Day next following the Trading Day on which it has placed Shares hereunder setting forth the number of Shares sold on such Trading Day, the corresponding Sales Price and the
Issuance Price payable to the Company in respect thereof. 

(v) Settlement. Each issuance of Shares will be settled on the applicable Settlement
Date for such issuance of Shares and, subject to the provisions of Section 5, on or before each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Shares being sold by
crediting the Agent or its designees account at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System, or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto and, upon receipt of such
Shares, which in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form, the Agent will deliver, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, the related Issuance Price in same day funds delivered to an
account designated by the Company prior to the Settlement Date. The Company may sell Shares to the Agent as principal at a price agreed upon by the parties at each relevant time Shares are sold pursuant to this Agreement (each, a Time of
Sale). 

(vi) Suspension or Termination of Sales. Consistent with standard market settlement practices, the Company or the Agent may, upon
notice to the other party hereto in writing or by telephone (confirmed immediately by verifiable email), suspend any sale of Shares, and the period set forth in an Issuance Notice shall immediately terminate; provided, however, that
(A) such suspension and termination shall not affect or impair either partys obligations with respect to any Shares placed or sold hereunder prior to the receipt of such notice; (B) if the Company suspends or terminates any sale of
Shares after the Agent confirms such sale to the Company, the Company shall still be obligated to comply with Section 3(b)(v) with respect to such Shares; and (C) if the Company defaults in its obligation to deliver
Shares on a Settlement Date, the Company agrees that it will hold the Agent harmless against any loss, claim, damage or expense (including, without limitation, penalties, interest and reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of
or in connection with such default by the Company. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, in performing its obligations under this Agreement, the Agent may borrow Common Shares from stock lenders in the event that the Company has not
delivered Shares to settle sales as required by Section 3(b)(v), and may use the Shares to settle or close out such borrowings. The Company agrees that no such notice shall be effective against the Agent unless it is made
to the persons identified in writing by the Agent pursuant to Section 3(b)(i). 

(vii) No Guarantee of Placement, Etc. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that (A) there can be no assurance that the Agent will be successful in placing Shares; (B) the Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other Person if it does not sell Shares; and (C) the Agent
shall be under no obligation to purchase Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise specifically agreed by the Agent and the Company. 

(viii) Material Non-Public Information. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company and
the Agent agree that the Company shall not deliver any Issuance Notice to the Agent, and the Agent shall not be obligated to place any Shares, during any period in which the Company is in possession of material
non-public information. 

(c) Fees. As compensation for services rendered, the Company shall pay to the
Agent, on the applicable Settlement Date, the Selling Commission for the applicable Issuance Amount (including with respect to any suspended or terminated sale pursuant to Section 3(b)(vi)) by the Agent deducting the
Selling Commission from the applicable Issuance Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall not be required to pay to the Agent any Selling Commission with respect to any Issuance Notice, except to the extent Shares are placed pursuant
thereto. 

(d) Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations
hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Shares (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses of
the registrar and transfer agent of the Shares; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public
or certified public accountants and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement

(including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), the Prospectus, any Free Writing Prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by
the Company, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Agent in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from
the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Shares for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws or the provincial securities laws of Canada, and, if requested by the Agent, preparing and printing a Blue
Sky Survey or memorandum and a Canadian Wrapper, and any supplements thereto, advising the Agent of such qualifications, registrations, determinations and exemptions; (vii) the reasonable fees and disbursements of
the Agents counsel, including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Agent in connection with, FINRA review, if any, and approval of the Agents participation in the offering and distribution of the Shares; (viii) the
filing fees incident to FINRA review, if any; (ix) the costs and expenses of the Company relating to investor presentations on any road show undertaken in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Shares, including,
without limitation, expenses associated with the preparation or dissemination of any electronic road show, expenses associated with the production of road show slides and graphics, fees and expenses of any consultants engaged in connection with the
road show presentations with the prior approval of the Company, travel and lodging expenses of the representatives, employees and officers of the Company and of the Agent and any such consultants, and the cost of any aircraft chartered in connection
with the road show; and (x) the fees and expenses associated with listing the Shares on the Principal Market. The fees and disbursements of the Agents counsel pursuant to subsections (vi) and (vii) shall not exceed (A)
$100,000 in connection with the establishment of the at the market offering program due upon the execution of this Agreement, (B) $25,000 in connection with each Triggering Event Date (as defined below) on which the Company files with the Commission
an Annual Report on Form 10-K (including any Form 10-K/A containing amended financial information or a material amendment to the previously filed Annual Report on Form 10-K) and is required to provide a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) and (C) $15,000 in connection with each other Triggering Event Date on which the Company is required to provide a
certificate pursuant to Section 4(p). 

Section 4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS 

The Company covenants and agrees with the Agent as follows, in addition to any other covenants and agreements made elsewhere in this Agreement: 

(a) Exchange Act Compliance. During the Agency Period, the Company shall (i) file, on a timely basis, with the Commission all reports and
documents required to be filed under Section 13, 14 or 15 of the Exchange Act in the manner and within the time periods required by the Exchange Act; and (ii) either (A) include in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, a summary detailing, for the relevant reporting period, (1) the number of Shares sold through the Agent pursuant to this
Agreement and (2) the net proceeds received by the Company from such sales or (B) prepare a prospectus supplement containing, or include in such other filing permitted by the Securities Act or Exchange Act (each an Interim
Prospectus Supplement), such summary information and, at least once a quarter and subject to this Section 4, file such Interim Prospectus Supplement pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (and within the
time periods required by Rule 424(b) and Rule 430B under the Securities Act). 

(b) Securities Act Compliance. After the date of this Agreement, the
Company shall promptly advise the Agent in writing (i) of the receipt of any comments of, or requests for additional or supplemental information from, the Commission relating to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; (ii) of the
time and date of any filing of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus, or any Free Writing Prospectus; (iii) of the time and date that any post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement becomes effective; and (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment thereto, or any amendment or supplement to the
Prospectus or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of any proceedings to remove, suspend or terminate from listing or quotation the Common Shares from any securities exchange upon which
they are listed for trading or included or designated for quotation, or of the threatening or initiation of any proceedings for any of such purposes. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order at any time, the Company will use its best
efforts to obtain the lifting of such order as soon as reasonably practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of Rule 424(b) and Rule 433, as applicable, under the Securities Act and will use its reasonable
efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) or Rule 433 were received in a timely manner by the Commission. 

(c) Amendments and Supplements to the Prospectus and Other Securities Act Matters. If any event shall
occur or condition exist as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus so that the Prospectus does not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading, or if in the opinion of the Agent or counsel for the Agent it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus to
comply with applicable law, including the Securities Act, the Company agrees (subject to Sections 4(d) and 4(f)) to promptly prepare, file with the Commission and furnish at its own expense to the Agent, amendments or supplements to
the Prospectus (including by filing a document incorporated by reference therein) so that the statements in the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not be misleading or so that the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will comply with applicable law including
the Securities Act. Neither the Agents consent to, or delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the Companys obligations under Sections 4(d) and 4(f). 

(d) Agents Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements.Prior to amending or supplementing the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
(excluding any amendment or supplement through incorporation of any report filed under the Exchange Act), the Company shall furnish to the Agent for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a copy of
each such proposed amendment or supplement, and the Company shall not file or use any such proposed amendment or supplement without the Agents prior consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Company shall
file with the Commission within the applicable period specified in Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act any prospectus required to be filed pursuant to such Rule. 

(e) Use of Free Writing Prospectus. Neither the Company nor the Agent has prepared, used, referred to or distributed, or will prepare, use, refer to or
distribute, without the other partys prior written consent, any written communication that constitutes a free writing prospectus as such terms are defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act with respect to the
offering contemplated by this Agreement (any such free writing prospectus being referred to herein as a Free Writing Prospectus). 

(f)
Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company shall furnish to the Agent for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a copy of each proposed Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto to be prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company and the Company shall not file, use or refer to any proposed Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto without the Agents consent, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Company shall furnish to the Agent, without charge, as many copies of any Free Writing Prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, or used by the Company, as the Agent may reasonably
request. If at any time when a prospectus is required by the Securities Act (including, without limitation, pursuant to Rule 173(d)) to be delivered in connection with sales of the Shares (but in any event if at any time through and including the
date of this Agreement) there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which any Free Writing Prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company conflicted or would conflict with the information contained
in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at
that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly amend or supplement such Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict or so that the statements in such Free Writing Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at such subsequent time, not misleading, as the case may be;
provided, however, that prior to amending or supplementing any such Free Writing Prospectus, the Company shall furnish to the Agent for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a copy of
such proposed amended or supplemented Free Writing Prospectus and the Company shall not file, use or refer to any such amended or supplemented Free Writing Prospectus without the Agents consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed. 

(g) Filing of Agent Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company shall not take any action that would
result in the Agent or the Company being required to file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act a Free Writing Prospectus prepared by or on behalf of the Agent that the Agent otherwise would not have been required to
file thereunder. 

(h) Copies of Registration Statement and the Prospectus. After the date of this Agreement through the last time that a prospectus
is required by the Securities Act (including, without limitation, pursuant to Rule 173(d)) to be delivered in connection with sales of the Shares, the Company agrees to furnish the Agent with copies (which may be electronic copies) of the
Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, and with copies of the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto in the form in which it is filed with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act or Rule 424(b) under the Securities
Act, both in such quantities as the Agent may reasonably request from time to time; and, if the delivery of a prospectus is required under the Securities Act or under the blue sky or securities laws of any jurisdiction at any time on or prior to the
applicable Settlement Date for any period set forth in an Issuance Notice in connection with the offering or sale of the Shares and if at such time any event has occurred as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made when such Prospectus is delivered, not misleading, or,
if for any other reason it is necessary during such same period to amend or supplement the Prospectus or to file under the Exchange Act any document incorporated by reference in the Prospectus in order to comply with the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act, to notify the Agent and to request that the Agent suspend offers to sell Shares (and, if so notified, the Agent shall cease such offers as soon as practicable); and if the Company decides to amend or supplement the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented, to advise the Agent promptly by telephone (with confirmation in writing) and to prepare and cause to be filed promptly with the Commission an amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented that will correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance; provided, however, that if during such same period the Agent is required to deliver a prospectus in
respect of transactions in the Shares, the Company shall promptly prepare and file with the Commission such an amendment or supplement. 

(i) Blue Sky
Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Agent and counsel for the Agent to qualify or register the Shares for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws or Canadian provincial
securities laws (or other foreign laws) of those jurisdictions designated by the Agent, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the
Shares. The Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to
taxation as a foreign corporation. The Company will advise the Agent promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Shares for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any
initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof as soon as
reasonably practicable. 

(j) Earnings Statement. As soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event not later than 15 months after the end the
Companys current fiscal quarter as of the date of this Agreement, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Agent an earnings statement (which need not be audited) covering a period of at least twelve months
beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the date of this Agreement which shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 under the Securities Act. 

(k) Listing; Reservation of Shares. (i) The Company will maintain the listing of the Shares on the Principal Market; and (ii) the Company
will reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, Shares for the purpose of enabling the Company to satisfy its obligations under this Agreement. 

(l) Transfer Agent. The Company shall engage and maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Shares. 

(m) Due Diligence. During the term of this Agreement, the Company will reasonably cooperate with any reasonable due diligence review conducted by the
Agent in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, providing information and making available documents and senior corporate officers, during normal business hours and at the Companys principal
offices or virtually, as the Agent may reasonably request from time to time. 

(n) Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds delivered against receipt of the Shares as
described in the Prospectus in the section entitled Use of Proceeds. 

(o) Representations and Warranties. The Company acknowledges that
each delivery of an Issuance Notice and each delivery of Shares on a Settlement Date shall be deemed to be (i) an affirmation to the Agent that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement
are true and correct as of the date of such Issuance Notice or of such Settlement Date, as the case may be, as though made at and as of each such date, except as may be disclosed in the Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference
therein and any supplements thereto); and (ii) an undertaking that the Company will advise the Agent if any of such representations and warranties will not be true and correct as of the Settlement Date for the Shares relating to such Issuance
Notice, as though made at and as of each such date (except that such representations and warranties shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented relating to such Shares). 

(p) Deliverables at Triggering Event Dates; Certificates. The Company agrees that on or prior to the date of the first Issuance Notice and, during the
term of this Agreement after the date of the first Issuance Notice, upon: 

(i) the filing of the Prospectus or the amendment or supplement of any
Registration Statement or the Prospectus (other than a prospectus supplement relating solely to an offering of securities other than the Shares or a prospectus filed pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii)(b)), by means of a
post-effective amendment, sticker or supplement, but not by means of incorporation of documents by reference into the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; 

(ii) the filing with the Commission of an Annual Report on Form 10-K or a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (including any Form 10-K/A or Form 10-Q/A containing amended financial information or a material amendment to the previously filed
Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), in each case, of the Company; or 

(iii) the filing with the Commission of a Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company (i) containing amended
financial information (other than information furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01 of Form 8-K
relating to reclassification of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144) and/or (ii) disclosing any material transaction requiring the filing of historical or pro
forma financial statements under Item 9.01 of Form 8-K and subject to the guidance set forth in Section 2050.3 of the Financial Reporting Manual of the Commission that is material to the offering of
securities of the Company in the Agents reasonable discretion; 

(any such event described in clauses (i) through (iii) above, a
Triggering Event Date), the Company shall furnish the Agent (but in the case of clause (iii) above only if the Agent reasonably determines that the information contained in such Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company is material) with a certificate as of the Triggering Event Date, in the form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel, substantially similar to the form previously provided to the
Agent and its counsel, modified, as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented: (i) confirming that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement are true and
correct; (ii) confirming that the Company has performed all of its obligations hereunder to be performed on or prior to the date of such certificate and as to the matters set forth in Section 5(a)(iv); and
(iii) containing any other certification that the Agent shall reasonably request. The requirement to provide a certificate under this Section 4(p) shall be waived for any Triggering Event Date occurring at a time when
no Issuance Notice is pending or a suspension is in effect, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers instructions for the sale of Shares hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a
Triggering Event Date) and the next occurring Triggering Event Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company subsequently decides to sell Shares following a Triggering Event Date when a suspension was in effect and did not provide the Agent
with a certificate under this Section 4(p), then before the Company delivers the instructions for the sale of Shares or the Agent sells any Shares pursuant to such instructions, the Company shall provide the Agent with a
certificate in conformity with this Section 4(p) dated as of the date that the instructions for the sale of Shares are issued. 

(q) Legal Opinions. The Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent on or prior to the date of
the first Issuance Notice and on or prior to each Triggering Event Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) for which no waiver is applicable and excluding the
date of this Agreement, (i) a negative assurances letter and the written legal opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP, counsel to the Company, and (ii) the written legal opinion of Proskauer Rose LLP, intellectual property counsel to the
Company, each such opinion or negative assurance letter, as applicable, dated the date of delivery, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel, substantially similar to the form previously provided to the Agent and
its counsel, modified, as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented. In lieu of such opinions for subsequent periodic filings, in the discretion of the Agent, the Company may furnish a
reliance letter from each such counsel to the Agent, permitting the Agent to rely on a previously delivered opinion letter, modified as appropriate for any passage of time or Triggering Event Date (except that statements in such prior opinion shall
be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented as of such Triggering Event Date). 

(r) Comfort
Letter. On or prior to the date of the first Issuance Notice and on or prior to each Triggering Event Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) for which no
waiver is applicable and excluding the date of this Agreement, the Company shall cause KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm who has audited or reviewed the financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, to furnish the Agent a comfort letter, dated the date of delivery, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel, substantially similar to the form previously provided to the Agent and its
counsel; provided, however, that any such comfort letter will only be required on the Triggering Event Date specified to the extent that it contains financial statements filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act and incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference into a Prospectus. If requested by the Agent during any period set forth in an Issuance Notice for which the sale of Shares has not been suspended by either party pursuant to
Section 3(b)(vi), the Company shall also cause a comfort letter to be furnished to the Agent on the date of occurrence of any material transaction or event requiring the filing of a current report on Form 8-K containing material amended financial information of the Company, including the restatement of the Companys financial statements; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to
deliver such a comfort letter if, promptly upon receipt of such request from the Agent, the Company instead elects to suspend the sale of Shares pursuant to Section 3(b)(vi). The Company shall be required to furnish no more
than one comfort letter hereunder per calendar quarter. 

(s) Secretarys Certificate. On or prior to the date of the first Issuance Notice and
on or prior to each Triggering Event Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) for which no waiver is applicable, the Company shall furnish the Agent a certificate
executed by the Secretary of the Company, signing in such capacity, dated the date of delivery (i) certifying that attached thereto are true and complete copies of the resolutions duly adopted by the Companys Board of Directors
authorizing the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement), which authorization shall be in full force
and effect on and as of the date of such certificate; (ii) certifying and attesting to the office, incumbency, due authority and specimen signatures of each Person who executed this Agreement for or on behalf of the Company; and
(iii) containing any other certification that the Agent shall reasonably request. 

(t) Agents Own Account; Clients Account. The
Company consents to the Agent trading, in compliance with applicable law, in the Common Shares for the Agents own account and for the account of its clients at the same time as sales of the Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement. 

(u) Investment Limitation. The Company shall not invest, or otherwise use the proceeds received by the Company from its sale of the Shares in such a
manner as would require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

(v) Market
Activities. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that might be reasonably expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Shares or any other reference security, whether to
facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares or otherwise, and the Company will, and shall cause each of its Affiliates to, comply with all applicable provisions of Regulation M. If the limitations of Rule 102 of Regulation M (Rule
102) do not apply with respect to the Shares or any other reference security pursuant to any exception set forth in Section (d) of Rule 102, then promptly upon notice from the Agent (or, if later, at the time stated in the notice),
the Company will, and shall cause each of its Affiliates to, comply with Rule 102 as though such exception were not available but the other provisions of Rule 102 (as interpreted by the Commission) did apply. The Company shall promptly notify the
Agent if it no longer meets the requirements set forth in Section (d) of Rule 102. 

(w) Notice of Other Sale. Without the written consent of the Agent, the Company will not, directly or
indirectly, offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Shares (other than Shares hereunder), warrants or any rights to purchase
or acquire Common Shares, or effect a reverse stock split, recapitalization, share consolidation, reclassification or similar transaction affecting the outstanding Common Shares, during the period beginning on the third Trading Day immediately prior
to the date on which any Issuance Notice is delivered to the Agent hereunder and ending on the earlier of (A) the third Trading Day immediately following the Settlement Date with respect to Shares sold pursuant to such Issuance Notice or
(B) the date an Issuance Notice is cancelled if no Shares have been sold pursuant to such Issuance Notice and will not directly or indirectly enter into any other at the market or continuous equity transaction to offer to sell,
sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Shares (other than the Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Shares, warrants or any rights to
purchase or acquire, Common Shares prior to the termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that such restrictions will not be required in connection with the Companys (i) offer, issuance or sale of Common Shares,
options to purchase Common Shares or Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of options or other equity awards pursuant to any employee or director share option, incentive or benefit plan, share purchase or ownership plan, long-term incentive plan,
dividend reinvestment plan, inducement award under the rules of the Principal Market or other compensation plan of the Company or its subsidiaries, as in effect on the date of this Agreement; (ii) offer, issuance or sale of Common Shares
issuable upon exchange, conversion or redemption of securities or the exercise or vesting of warrants, options or other equity awards outstanding at the date of this Agreement; and (iii) modification of any outstanding options, warrants or any
rights to purchase or acquire Common Shares. 

Section 5. CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF ISSUANCE NOTICES AND TO SETTLEMENT 

(a) Conditions Precedent to the Right of the Company to Deliver an Issuance Notice and the Obligation of the Agent to Sell Shares. The right of the
Company to deliver an Issuance Notice hereunder is subject to the satisfaction, on the date of delivery of such Issuance Notice, and the obligation of the Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts to place Shares during the applicable period
set forth in the Issuance Notice is subject to the satisfaction, on each Trading Day during the applicable period set forth in the Issuance Notice, of each of the following conditions: 

(i) Accuracy of the Companys Representations and Warranties; Performance by the Company. The representations and warranties of the Company
contained in this Agreement are true and correct as of the date of the Issuance Notice (other than representations and warranties made as of a specific date that shall be true and correct as of such date), the Company shall have delivered the
certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 4(p) on or before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 4(p). The Company shall have performed,
satisfied and complied with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to such date, including, but not limited to, the covenants contained in
Sections 4(q), 4(r) and 4(s). 

(ii) No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction
shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby that prohibits or directly and
materially adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. 

(iii) Material Adverse Change. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus and the Time of Sale Information, (A) in the judgment of the
Agent there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; and (B) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that
does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as such term is defined for purposes of
Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act. 

(iv) No Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Common Shares; Other Events. The trading of the
Common Shares (including without limitation the Shares) shall not have been suspended by the Commission, the Principal Market or FINRA and the Common Shares (including without limitation the Shares) shall have been approved for listing or quotation
on and shall not have been delisted from the Principal Market. There shall not have occurred (and be continuing in the case of occurrences under clauses (A) and (B) below) any of the following: (A) trading or quotation in any of the
Companys securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or by the Principal Market or trading in securities generally on the Principal Market shall have either been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall
have been generally established on any of such stock exchanges by the Commission or FINRA; (B) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of federal or New York authorities; or (C) there shall have occurred any outbreak
or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United
States or international political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the Agent is material and adverse and makes it impracticable to market the Shares in the manner and on the terms described in the Prospectus or to
enforce contracts for the sale of securities. 

(b) Documents Required to Be Delivered on Each Issuance Notice Date. The Agents obligation to
use its commercially reasonable efforts to place Shares hereunder shall additionally be conditioned upon the delivery to the Agent on or before the Issuance Notice Date of a certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent,
executed by the Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that all conditions to the delivery of such Issuance Notice shall have been satisfied as at the date of such certificate (which certificate
shall not be required if the foregoing representations shall be set forth in the Issuance Notice). 

(c) No Misstatement or Material Omission. The
Agent shall not have advised the Company that the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Time of Sale Information, or any amendment or supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion is
material, or omits to state a fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion is material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

Section 6. INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION 

(a)
Indemnification of the Agent. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, its officers and employees, and each person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act against any
loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Agent or such officer, employee or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or the
laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions where Shares have been offered or sold or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof
as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, including any information deemed to be a part
thereof pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) any untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Free Writing Prospectus that the Company has used, referred to or filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act or the Prospectus (or any amendment or
supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and to reimburse the Agent and
each such officer, employee and controlling person for any and all documented expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Agent) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by the Agent or such
officer, employee or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement
shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in
conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any such Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed
that the only such information furnished by the Agent to the Company consists of the information set forth in the first sentence of the ninth paragraph under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus beginning with the words:
Jefferies and its affiliates may in the future provide various investment banking, commercial banking, financial advisory and other financial services . . . . The indemnity agreement set forth in this
Section 6(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have. 

(b) Indemnification of the Company and Company Officers and Directors. The Agent agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act against any loss, claim,
damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Company or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or the laws or
regulations of foreign jurisdictions where Shares have been offered or sold or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as
contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, including any information deemed to be a part thereof
pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Free Writing Prospectus that the Company has used, referred to or filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement
thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; but, for each of (i) and (ii) above,
only to the extent arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Agent expressly for use
in the Registration Statement, any such Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Agent to the Company consists of the
Agents information, and to reimburse the Company and each such director, officer and controlling person for any and all documented expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Company) as
such expenses are reasonably incurred by the Company or such officer, director or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. The
indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 6(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Agent or the Company may otherwise have. 

(c) Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 6
of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 6, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the
commencement thereof, but the omission to so notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party for contribution or otherwise than under the indemnity agreement contained in this
Section 6 or to the extent it is not prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an
indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly
after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, if the defendants in any such action include both the
indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that a conflict may arise between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense of any such action
or that there may be legal defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate
counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying
partys election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 6 for any legal or other
expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless (i) the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the preceding sentence (it being understood,
however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate counsel (together with local counsel), representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such action), which counsel (together with
any local counsel) 

for the indemnified parties shall be selected by the indemnified party (in the case of counsel for the indemnified parties referred to in Sections 6(a) and 6(b)); (ii) the
indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action; or (iii) the indemnifying party has
authorized in writing the employment of counsel for the indemnified party at the expense of the indemnifying party, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party and shall be paid as they
are incurred. 

(d) Settlements. The indemnifying party under this Section 6 shall not be liable for any settlement of any
proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or
expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as
contemplated by Section 6(c), the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days
after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request; and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party
shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could
have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the
subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding. 

(e) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this
Section 6 is for any reason held to be unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each
indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, from the offering of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement; or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not
permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, in
connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the
Agent, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total gross proceeds from the offering of the Shares (before deducting expenses)
received by the Company bear to the total Selling Commission received by the Agent. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such
untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Agent, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of
the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6(c), any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party
in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. The provisions set forth in Section 6(c) with respect to notice of commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made under
this Section 6(e); provided, however, that no additional notice shall be required with respect to any action for which notice has been given under Section 6(c) for purposes of
indemnification. 

The Company and the Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this
Section 6(e) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 6(e). 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6(e), the Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the
Selling Commission received by the Agent in connection with the offering contemplated hereby. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from
any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of 

this Section 6(e), each officer and employee of the Agent and each person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act
shall have the same rights to contribution as the Agent, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company with the meaning of the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. 

Section 7. TERMINATION & SURVIVAL 

(a) Term. Subject to the provisions of this Section 7, the term of this Agreement shall continue from the date of this
Agreement until the end of the Agency Period, unless earlier terminated by the parties to this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7. 

(b) Termination; Survival Following Termination. 

(i)
Either party may terminate this Agreement prior to the end of the Agency Period, by giving written notice as required by this Agreement, upon ten (10) Trading Days notice to the other party; provided that, (A) if the Company
terminates this Agreement after the Agent confirms to the Company any sale of Shares, the Company shall remain obligated to comply with Section 3(b)(v) with respect to such Shares and (B) Sections 2,
6, 7 and 8 shall survive termination of this Agreement. If termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Shares, such sale shall nevertheless settle in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(ii) In addition to the survival provision of Section 7(b)(i), the respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties
and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the Agent set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent or the Company or any of
its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, will survive delivery of and payment for the Shares sold hereunder and any termination of this
Agreement. 

Section 8. MISCELLANEOUS 

(a)
Press Releases and Disclosure. The Company may issue a press release describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby following the date of this Agreement, and may file with the Commission a current report on Form 8-K, with this Agreement attached as an exhibit thereto, describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Company shall consult with the Agent prior to making such disclosures, and the
parties hereto shall use all commercially reasonable efforts, acting in good faith, to agree upon a text for such disclosures that is reasonably satisfactory to all parties hereto. No party hereto shall issue thereafter any press release or like
public statement (including, without limitation, any disclosure required in reports filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act, other than disclosure related to entry into this Agreement or related to periodic sales pursuant to this
Agreement as required to be included in any reports filed with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act or Exchange Act) related to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written approval of the other
party hereto, except as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the party seeking to make disclosure to comply with the requirements of applicable law or stock exchange rules. If any such press release or like public statement
is so required, the party making such disclosure shall consult with the other party prior to making such disclosure, and the parties shall use all commercially reasonable efforts, acting in good faith, to agree upon a text for such disclosure that
is reasonably satisfactory to all parties hereto. 

(b) No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship.The Company acknowledges and agrees that
(i) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the determination of any fees, are arms-length commercial transactions between the Company and the Agent; (ii) when acting as a
principal under this Agreement, the Agent is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, or its stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party; (iii) the Agent has not assumed nor will
assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Agent has advised or is currently advising the Company on other
matters) and the Agent does not have any obligation to the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement; (iv) the Agent and its respective Affiliates may be engaged in
a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company; and (v) the Agent has not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and the Company
has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. 

(c) Research Analyst Independence. The Company acknowledges that the Agents research analysts
and research departments are required to and should be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and as such the Agents research analysts may hold views and
make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company or the offering contemplated by this Agreement that differ from the views of their respective investment banking divisions. The Company
understands that the Agent is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in debt
or equity securities of the companies that may be the subject of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(d) Notices. All communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, sent via electronic mail (if applicable) or telecopied and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows: 

If to the Agent: 

Jefferies LLC 

520 Madison Avenue 

New York, NY 10022 

Facsimile: (646) 619-4437

Attention: General Counsel 

with a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to: 

Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP 

7 World Trade Center 

250 Greenwich Street 

New York, New York 10007 

Facsimile: (212) 230-8888

Attention: Lisa Firenze 

If to the Company: 

Viridian Therapeutics, Inc. 

221 Crescent Street, Suite 103A 

Waltham, MA 02453 

Attention: Seth Harmon 

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to: 

Ropes & Gray LLP 

800 Boylston Street

Boston, MA 01299 

Attention: Zachary Blume 

zachary.blume@ropesgray.com 

Any party hereto may change the
address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others in accordance with this Section 8(d). 

(e) Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto,
and to the benefit of the employees, officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 6, and in each case their respective successors, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.
The term successors shall not include any purchaser of the Shares as such from the Agent merely by reason of such purchase. 

(f) Partial
Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any Article, Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Article, Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Article,
Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

(g) Governing Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York
applicable to agreements made and to be performed in such state. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of
America located in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York (collectively, the Specified Courts), and each
party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (except for proceedings instituted in regard to the enforcement of a judgment of any such court, as to which such jurisdiction is non-exclusive) of such
courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail to such partys address set forth above shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any
such court. The parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such
court that any such suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

(h) General Provisions.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument, and may be delivered by facsimile transmission or by
electronic delivery of a portable document format (PDF) file. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each
party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Article and Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

(i) Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. 

(a) In the event that the Agent is a Covered Entity (as defined below) and becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime (as defined
below), the transfer from the Agent of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement,
and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(b) In the event that the Agent is
a Covered Entity and the Agent or a BHC Act Affiliate (as defined below) of the Agent becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights (as defined below) under this Agreement that may be exercised against the
Agent are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(c) As used in this Section 8(i): 

BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
1841(k). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or
382.1, as applicable. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

[Signature Page Immediately Follows] 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and return to the
Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms 

Very truly yours,

VIRIDIAN THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Seth Harmon

Name: Seth Harmon

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to Sales Agreement 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Agent in New York, New York as of the date
first above written. 

JEFFERIES LLC

By: /s/ Donald Lynaugh

Name: Donald Lynaugh

Title: Managing Director

Signature Page to Sales Agreement 

EXHIBIT A 

Issuance Notice 

[Date] 

Jefferies LLC 

520 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10022 

Attn: [__________] 

Reference is made to the Open Market Sale Agreement between Viridian Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) and Jefferies LLC (the
Agent) dated as of March 3, 2025. The Company confirms that all conditions to the delivery of this Issuance Notice are satisfied as of the date hereof. 

Date of Delivery of Issuance Notice (determined pursuant to Section 3(b)(i)): _______________________ 

Issuance Amount (equal to the total Sales Price for such Shares): 

$

Number of days in selling period: 

First date of selling period: 

Last date of selling period: 

Settlement Date(s), if other than standard T+2 settlement: 

Floor Price Limitation (in no event less than $1.00 without the prior written consent of the Agent, which consent may be withheld in the Agents sole
discretion): $ ____ per share 

Comments: 

By: 

Name:

Title:

SCHEDULE A 

Notice Parties 

The Company 

Steve Mahoney 

Seth Harmon 

Tom Beetham 

Jennifer Tousignant 

The Agent 

Donald Lynaugh 

Michael Magarro
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d909216dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

ROPES & GRAY LLP

PRUDENTIAL TOWER

800 BOYLSTON STREET

BOSTON, MA 02199-3600

WWW.ROPESGRAY.COM

March 3, 2025 

Viridian Therapeutics, Inc. 

221 Crescent Street, Suite 103A

Waltham, MA 02453

Re: 

Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-267351)

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel to Viridian Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with its entry
into the Open Market Sale AgreementSM, dated March 3, 2025, by and between the Company and Jefferies LLC (the Agreement) pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell up
to $300,000,000 of shares (the Shares) of the common stock, $0.01 par value (the Common Stock), of the Company pursuant to the above-referenced registration statement (the Registration
Statement), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 

In connection with this opinion letter, we have examined such certificates, documents and records and have made such investigation of fact and
such examination of law as we have deemed appropriate in order to enable us to render the opinions set forth herein. In conducting such investigation, we have relied, without independent verification, upon certificates of officers of the Company,
public officials and other appropriate persons. 

The opinions expressed below are limited to the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and delivered
pursuant to the Agreement against payment of the consideration set forth therein, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

We hereby consent to your filing this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to the use of our name therein and in the
related prospectus under the caption Legal Matters. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
of the Commission thereunder. 

Viridian Therapeutics, Inc. - 2 - 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Ropes & Gray LLP

Ropes & Gray LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>vrdn-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vrdn-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>vrdn-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g909216dsp6a.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g909216g0226151504775.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name Viridian Therapeutics, Inc.\DE

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001590750

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-36483

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-1187261

Entity Address, Address Line One 221 Crescent Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 103A

Entity Address, City or Town Waltham

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02453

City Area Code (617)

Local Phone Number 272-4600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol VRDN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://dfinsolutions.com//20250303/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d909216d8k.htm 
vrdn-20250303.xsd 
vrdn-20250303_lab.xml 
vrdn-20250303_pre.xml 

g909216g0226151504775.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-044406-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d909216d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001590750 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

Viridian Therapeutics, Inc.\DE 
false 
0001590750 
8-K 
2025-03-03 
DE 
001-36483 
47-1187261 
221 Crescent Street 
Suite 103A 
Waltham 
MA 
02453 
(617) 
272-4600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
VRDN 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>