<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-000140.txt : 20250102
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-000140.hdr.sgml : 20250102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250102075031
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-000140
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Veritone, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001615165
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				471161641
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38093
		FILM NUMBER:		25500265

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1615 PLATTE STREET
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-507-1737

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1615 PLATTE STREET
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d859534d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000161516500016151652025-01-022025-01-02

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 2, 2025

Veritone, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-38093 47-1161641

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1615 Platte Street

2nd Floor

Denver, Colorado 80202

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (888)507-1737

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share VERI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Registered Direct Offering 

On January 2, 2025 (the Agreement Date), Veritone, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Esousa Group Holdings, LLC, a New York based family office (the Purchaser) pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering (the Registered Direct Offering) 4,414,878 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock) and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 3,608,838 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants). The Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants are collectively referred to herein as the Securities. The offering price of each Share is $2.53 per share. The offering price of each Pre-Funded Warrant is $2.52 (equal to the offering price per Share, minus $0.01, the exercise price of each Pre-Funded Warrant). The gross proceeds to the Company from the Registered Direct Offering are expected to be approximately $20.3 million, before deducting offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company will receive nominal proceeds, if any, from the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

The Registered Direct Offering is expected to close on or about January 3, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The Company currently plans to use the net proceeds from the Registered Direct Offering, together with existing cash and cash equivalents, for working capital and general corporate purposes including, but not limited to, capital expenditures, debt service, repayment of indebtedness and other business opportunities and to further develop and market its AI platform and applications. 

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company, including for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made only for the purposes of such agreement and as of the specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, until 75 days following the Agreement Date, the Company has agreed not to issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible or exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock, subject to certain exceptions; provided, that, after 60 days following the Agreement Date, the Company may sell and issue shares of Common Stock pursuant to its previously disclosed at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program) in amounts and subject to restrictions as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

The Registered Direct Offering was made pursuant to the Companys effective registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-280148) that was originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 12, 2024, and that became effective on June 21, 2024 and a related base prospectus and prospectus supplement (the Prospectus Supplement) thereunder. 

The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the form of Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated by reference herein. 

Terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants 

The Pre-Funded Warrants are being offered in lieu of shares of Common Stock and provide that the holder may not exercise any portion of the Pre-Funded Warrants to the extent that immediately prior to or after giving effect to such exercise the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own more than 9.99% of the Companys outstanding Common Stock (the Maximum Percentage) after exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants. Each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share. Subject to the Maximum Percentage, the Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until the fifth anniversary of the original issue date of the Pre-Funded Warrants. If, at the time of exercise, there is no effective registration statement registering, or the 

prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares, in lieu of making cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to the Company upon exercise of a Pre-Funded Warrant in payment of the aggregate exercise price, the holder may elect instead to receive upon such exercise (either in whole or in part) the net number of shares of Common Stock determined according to a formula set forth in the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

In the event of any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of Common Stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys properties or assets, its consolidation or its merger with or into another person, the holders of Pre-Funded Warrants will be entitled to receive, upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders would have received had they exercised the Pre-Funded Warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction without regard to any limitations on exercise contained in the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

The foregoing description of the terms and conditions of the Pre-Funded Warrants do not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the form of Pre-Funded Warrant, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1, and incorporate by reference herein. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On January 2, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Registered Direct Offering described above, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 

The information set forth in this Item 7.01 and contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and is not incorporated by reference into any of the Companys filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in any such filing. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

As of December 31, 2024, the Company had completed sales of approximately $4.5 million gross proceeds upon the sale of 1,707,791 shares of Common Stock pursuant to its ATM Program since the commencement of the ATM Program in November 2024. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had 40,179,855 outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

In connection with the filing of the Prospectus Supplement, the Company is filing a legal opinion of its counsel, Cooley LLP, regarding the validity of the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, and the Warrant Shares being registered, which opinion is attached as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. Description

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant. 

5.1 Opinion of Cooley LLP. 

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and among Veritone, Inc. and the Purchaser, dated January 2, 2025. 

23.1 Consent of Cooley LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1). 

99.1 Press Release of Veritone, Inc. dated January 2, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to the Companys expectations regarding the completion of the Registered Direct Offering and the use of proceeds therefrom. Forward-looking statements are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except for the Companys ongoing obligations under the U.S. federal securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 

Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on estimates and assumptions that are subject to change or revision. These statements are only predictions based on current information and expectations and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from those projected in any of such statements due to various factors, including, without limitation, market conditions and the Companys ability to satisfy the closing conditions to the Registered Direct Offering, as well as risks and uncertainties inherent in the Companys business. For a discussion of these and other factors, please refer to the risk factors included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, the Companys Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024, and the Companys other filings with the SEC. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Veritone, Inc.

Date: January 2, 2025 By: 

/s/ Michael L. Zemetra

Michael L. Zemetra

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d859534dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

PRE-FUNDED WARRANT 

Original Issue Date: [], 2025 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
Veritone, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that Esousa Group Holdings, LLC, or its registered assigns (the Holder) is entitled to purchase from the Company 3,608,838 duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable shares of Common Stock at a purchase price per share of $0.01 (the Exercise Price), all subject to the terms, conditions, and adjustments set forth below in this Warrant. Certain
capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 1 hereof. 

This Warrant has been issued pursuant to (i) the terms of the Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2025, between the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement), (ii) the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (Commission File
No. 333-280148) (the Registration Statement) and (iii) the Companys prospectus supplement dated as of January 2, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement).

1. Definitions. As used in this Warrant, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below: 

Aggregate Exercise Price means an amount equal to the product of (a) the number of Warrant Shares in
respect of which this Warrant is then being exercised pursuant to Section 3 hereof, multiplied by (b) the Exercise Price. 

Board means the board of directors of the Company. 

Business Day means any day, except a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday, on which banking institutions in
the city of New York, New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

Closing Sale
Price means, for any security as of any date, the last trade price for such security on the Principal Trading Market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or if the foregoing do not apply, the
last trade price for such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg Financial
Markets.. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and
the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as determined by an independent appraiser mutually
selected by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during such period. 

Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company, and any capital stock into
which such Common Stock shall have been converted, exchanged, or reclassified following the date hereof. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Convertible Securities means any securities (directly or indirectly) convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock, but excluding Options. 

Exercise Date means, for any given exercise of this Warrant, the
date on which the conditions to such exercise as set forth in Section 3 shall have been satisfied at or prior to 5:00 p.m., New York, New York time, on a Business Day, including, without limitation, the receipt by the Company of the Exercise
Notice, the Warrant and the Aggregate Exercise Price. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. 

Exercise Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a)(i). 

Exercise Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2. 

Exercise Price has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Holder has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Options means any warrants or other rights or options to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock or
Convertible Securities. 

Original Issue Date means [], 2025. 

Person means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint
venture, trust, incorporated organization or government or department or agency thereof. 

Principal Trading
Market means the national securities exchange or other trading market on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading, which, as of the date of this Warrant, is the Nasdaq Global Market. 

Purchase Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for
the Principal Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock that is in effect on the date of delivery of an applicable Exercise Notice, which as of the date of this Warrant was T+1. 

Trading Day means any weekday on which the Principal Trading Market is normally open for trading. 

Warrant means this Pre-Funded Warrant and all warrants issued upon
division or combination of, or in substitution for, this Pre-Funded Warrant. 

2 

Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock or other
capital stock of the Company then purchasable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant. 

2. Term of
Warrant. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at any time or from time to time after the date hereof and prior to 5:00 p.m., New York, New York time, on the fifth (5th) anniversary of
the date hereof or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day (the Exercise Period), the Holder of this Warrant may exercise this Warrant for all or any part of the Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder
(subject to adjustment as provided herein). 

3. Exercise of Warrant. 

(a) Exercise Procedure. This Warrant may be exercised from time to time on any Business Day during the Exercise Period,
for all or any part of the unexercised Warrant Shares, upon: 

(i) delivery of an Exercise Notice in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A (each, an Exercise Notice), duly completed (including specifying the number of Warrant Shares to be purchased) and executed; and 

(ii) unless the Holder is permitted to and elects to exercise this Warrant on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(c), payment to the Company of the Aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with Section 3(b). 

The Holder shall not be
required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. 

(b) Payment of the Aggregate
Exercise Price. Payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price shall be made by delivery to the Company of a certified or official bank check payable to the order of the Company or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account
designated in writing by the Company, in the amount of such Aggregate Exercise Price. 

(c) Cashless Exercise. If at
the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares to or by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised,
in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)]
by (A), where: 

(A) = the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock as of the Trading Day immediately preceding the Exercise Date;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

3 

(d) Delivery of Stock. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof
(including, without limitation, the obligations of the Holder to payment to the Company of the Aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with Section 3(b) and the limitations set forth in Section 3(j)), on or before the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period following the date on which the Company has received an Exercise Notice, the Company shall transmit by e-mail an acknowledgment of confirmation of receipt of such
Exercise Notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, to the Holder and the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent). On or before the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period
following the date on which the Company has received such Exercise Notice (the Required Delivery Date), the Company shall, upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC) through its Deposit/ Withdrawal at Custodian system. Upon delivery of an Exercise Notice and
payment to the Company of the Aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with Section 3(b), the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been
exercised, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders DTC account evidencing such Warrant Shares (as the case may be). 

(e) Fractional Shares. The Company shall not be required to issue a fractional Warrant Share upon exercise of any
Warrant. 

(f) Delivery of New Warrant. Unless the purchase rights represented by this Warrant shall have expired or
shall have been fully exercised, the Company shall, at the time of crediting the Holders DTC account evidencing such Warrant Shares being issued in accordance with Section 3(c) hereof, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unexpired and unexercised Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant. Such new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical to this Warrant. 

(g) Companys Failure to Timely Deliver Securities. If the Company for any reason, including as a result of the
Companys failure to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement pursuant to Section 4(s)(i) of the Purchase Agreement, fails to issue and credit the balance account of Holder or Holders
nominee with DTC for such number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercised by the Holder, then, in addition to all other remedies available to Holder, at the sole discretion of Holder, the Company shall: 

(i) pay in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, to Holder on each Trading Day after the Required Delivery Date
that the issuance and credit of such Warrant Shares is not timely effected an amount equal to 1% of the product of (A) the number of shares of Common Stock not so credited to Holder or Holders nominee multiplied by (B) the Closing
Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Required Delivery Date; or 

4 

(ii) if on or after the Required Delivery Date, Holder (or any other Person
in respect, or on behalf, of Holder) purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Stock (Replacement Shares) to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by Holder of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock,
or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, that Holder so anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, within five (5) Trading Days after
Holders request and in Holders sole discretion, either (A) pay cash to Holder in an amount equal to Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the Replacement Shares (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation to so credit
Holders balance account shall terminate and such shares shall be cancelled, or (B) promptly honor its obligation to so credit Holders DTC account representing such number of shares of Common Stock that would have been so delivered
if the Company timely complied with its obligations hereunder and pay cash to Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (1) such number of shares of Common
Stock that the Company was required to deliver to Holder by the Required Delivery Date multiplied by (2) the lowest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date Holder purchased Replacement
Shares and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (ii); provided, that, for purposes of clarity, under this clause (ii), the Holder shall not be entitled to both (i) require the reinstatement of the portion of the
Warrant and the equivalent Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored, and (ii) receive the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements hereunder.

To the extent permitted by law, the Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant in
accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or
any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by
the Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance that might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of the Common Stock. Nothing herein shall limit the Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver the Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

5 

(h) Valid Issuance of Warrant and Warrant Shares; Payment of Taxes.
With respect to the exercise of this warrant, the Company hereby represents, covenants, and agrees: 

(i) This Warrant is,
and any Warrant issued in substitution for or replacement of this Warrant shall be, upon issuance, duly authorized and validly issued. 

(ii) All Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant pursuant to the terms hereof shall be, upon issuance, and
the Company shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that such Warrant Shares are, validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, issued without violation of any preemptive or
similar rights of any stockholder of the Company and free and clear of all taxes, liens, and charges. 

(iii) The Company
shall take all such actions as may be necessary to ensure that all such Warrant Shares are issued without violation by the Company of any applicable law or governmental regulation or any requirements of any domestic securities exchange upon which
shares of Common Stock or other securities constituting Warrant Shares may be listed at the time of such exercise (except for official notice of issuance which shall be immediately delivered by the Company upon each such issuance). 

(iv) The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Warrant Shares, immediately upon such exercise, to be listed on any
national securities exchange upon which shares of Common Stock or other securities constituting Warrant Shares are listed at the time of such exercise. 

(v) The Company shall pay all expenses in connection with, and all taxes and other governmental charges that may be imposed
with respect to, the issuance or delivery of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant; provided, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed with respect to any applicable withholding
or the issuance or delivery of the Warrant Shares to any Person other than the Holder, and no such issuance or delivery shall be made unless and until the Person requesting such issuance has paid to the Company the amount of any such tax, or has
established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. 

(i) Reservation of Shares. During the
Exercise Period, the Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock or other securities constituting Warrant Shares, solely for the purpose of issuance upon the exercise of this Warrant, the
maximum number of Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant, and the par value per Warrant Share shall at all times be less than or equal to the applicable Exercise Price. The Company shall not increase the par value of any Warrant
Shares receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, and shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable
shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant. 

6 

(j) Limitations on Exercises and Exchanges. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Warrant, this Warrant shall not be exercisable or exchangeable by the Holder hereof to the extent (but only to the extent) that the Holder (together with the Holders affiliates, and any other persons acting as
a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Maximum Percentage). To the extent the above limitation applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant shall be exercisable or exchangeable (vis--vis other convertible, exercisable or exchangeable securities owned by the
Holder or any of its affiliates) and of which such securities shall be exercisable or exchangeable (as among all such securities owned by the Holder) shall, subject to such Maximum Percentage limitation, be determined on the basis of the first
submission to the Company for conversion, exercise or exchange (as the case may be). To ensure compliance with the Maximum Percentage limitation, the Holder shall be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice of Exercise that
such Notice of Exercise has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. No prior inability to exercise or exchange this Warrant pursuant
to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability or exchangeability. For the purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership and all
determinations and calculations (including, without limitation, with respect to calculations of percentage ownership) shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this paragraph to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Maximum
Percentage beneficial ownership limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such Maximum Percentage limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a
successor Holder of this Warrant. The holders of Common Stock shall be third party beneficiaries of this paragraph and the Company may not waive this paragraph without the consent of holders of a majority of its Common Stock. For any reason at any
time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Business Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding, including by virtue of any prior conversion
or exercise or exchange of convertible or exercisable or exchangeable securities into shares of Common Stock, including, without limitation, pursuant to this Warrant or securities issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

4. Adjustment to Number of Warrant Shares. The number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be subject to
adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section 4 (in each case, after taking into consideration any prior adjustments pursuant to this Section 4). 

7 

(a) Adjustment to Number of Warrant Shares Upon Dividend, Subdivision or
Combination of Common Stock. If the Company shall, at any time or from time to time after the Original Issue Date, (i) pay a dividend or make any other distribution upon the Common Stock or any other capital stock of the Company payable in
shares of Common Stock or in Options or Convertible Securities, or (ii) subdivide (by any stock split, recapitalization, or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the number of Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to any such dividend, distribution, or subdivision shall be proportionately increased; provided, that, any reduction in nominal value of Common Stock without any dividend or distribution shall not lead
to any such adjustment. If the Company at any time combines (by combination, reverse stock split, or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 4(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such
dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision or combination. 

(b) Adjustment to Number of Warrant Shares Upon Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation, or Merger. In the event of any
(i) capital reorganization of the Company, (ii) reclassification of the stock of the Company (other than a change in par value or from par value to no par value or from no par value to par value or as a result of a stock dividend or
subdivision, split-up, or combination of shares), (iii) consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another Person, (iv) sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to another
Person or (v) other similar transaction (other than any such transaction covered by Section 4(a), in each case which entitles the holders of Common Stock to receive (either directly or upon subsequent liquidation) stock, securities, or
assets with respect to or in exchange for Common Stock, each Warrant shall, immediately after such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, or similar transaction, remain outstanding and shall thereafter, in lieu of or in
addition to (as the case may be) the number of Warrant Shares then exercisable under this Warrant, be exercisable for the kind and number of shares of stock or other securities or assets of the Company or of the successor Person resulting from such
transaction to which the Holder would have been entitled upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, or similar transaction if the Holder had exercised this Warrant in full immediately prior to the time of such
reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, or similar transaction and acquired the applicable number of Warrant Shares then issuable hereunder as a result of such exercise (without taking into account any limitations or
restrictions on the exercisability of this Warrant); and, in such case, appropriate adjustment (in form and substance satisfactory to the Holder) shall be made with respect to the Holders rights under this Warrant to insure that the provisions
of this Section 4 hereof shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as possible, to this Warrant in relation to any shares of stock, securities, or assets thereafter acquirable upon exercise of this Warrant. The provisions of this
Section 4(b) shall similarly apply to successive reorganizations, reclassifications, consolidations, mergers, sales, or similar transactions. The Company shall not effect any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale,
or similar transaction unless, prior to the consummation thereof, the successor Person (if other than the Company) resulting from such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, or similar transaction, shall assume, by written
instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant 

8 

and satisfactory to the Holder, the obligation to deliver to the Holder such shares of stock, securities, or assets which, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, such Holder shall be
entitled to receive upon exercise of this Warrant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, with respect to any corporate event or other transaction contemplated by the provisions of this Section 4(b), the Holder shall have
the right to elect prior to the consummation of such event or transaction, to give effect to the exercise rights contained in Section 2 instead of giving effect to the provisions contained in this Section 4(b) with respect to this Warrant.

(c) Certain Events. If any event of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section 4 but not expressly
provided for by such provisions (including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights, or other rights with equity features) occurs, then the Board shall make an appropriate adjustment in the number of
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant so as to protect the rights of the Holder in a manner consistent with the provisions of this Section 4; provided, that no such adjustment pursuant to this Section 4(c) shall
decrease the number of Warrant Shares issuable as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 4. 

(d) Certificate as
to Adjustment. 

(i) As promptly as reasonably practicable following any adjustment of the number of Warrant Shares pursuant
to the provisions of this Section 4, but in any event not later than five (5) Business Days thereafter, the Company shall furnish to the Holder a certificate of an executive officer setting forth in reasonable detail such adjustment and
the facts upon which it is based and certifying the calculation thereof. 

(ii) As promptly as reasonably practicable
following the receipt by the Company of a written request by the Holder, but in any event not later than five (5) Business Days thereafter, the Company shall furnish to the Holder a certificate of an executive officer certifying the number of
Warrant Shares or the amount, if any, of other shares of stock, securities, or assets then issuable upon exercise of the Warrant. 

(e) Notices. In the event: 

(i) that the Company shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock (or other capital stock or securities at the time
issuable upon exercise of the Warrant) for the purpose of entitling or enabling them to receive any dividend or other distribution, to vote at a meeting (or by written consent), to receive any right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any class or any other securities, or to receive any other security; or 

(ii) of any capital reorganization of the
Company, any reclassification of the Common Stock of the Company, any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another Person, or sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to another Person; or 

9 

(iii) of the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up of the Company; 

then, and in each such case, the Company shall send or cause
to be sent to the Holder at least fifteen (15) days prior to the applicable record date or the applicable expected effective date, as the case may be, for the event, a written notice specifying, as the case may be, (A) the record date for
such dividend, distribution, meeting or consent, or other right or action, and a description of such dividend, distribution, or other right or action to be taken at such meeting or by written consent, or (B) the effective date on which such
reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up is proposed to take place, and the date, if any is to be fixed, as of which the books of the Company shall
close or a record shall be taken with respect to which the holders of record of Common Stock (or such other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrant) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or
such other capital stock or securities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up, and the
amount per share and character of such exchange applicable to the Warrant and the Warrant Shares. 

5. Purchase Rights. In addition
to any adjustments pursuant to Section 4 above, if at any time the Company grants, issues, or sells any shares of Common Stock, Options, Convertible Securities, or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities, or other property pro rata to
the record holders of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder shall be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder would have acquired if the
Holder had held the number of Warrant Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance, or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date
as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue, or sale of such Purchase Rights. 

6. [Reserved].

7. Transfer of Warrant. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the transfer conditions referred to in the
legend endorsed hereon, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, by the Holder without charge to the Holder, upon surrender of this Warrant to the Company at its then principal executive offices with a properly
completed and duly executed Assignment in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, together with funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes described in Section 3(h)(v) in connection with the making of such transfer. Upon such compliance,
surrender, and delivery and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees and in the denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to
the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant, if any, not so assigned and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this
Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

10 

8. Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder; Limitations on Liability. Except as otherwise
specifically provided herein, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares to which the Holder is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed
the holder of shares of capital stock of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give, or
withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance, or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise. In
addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are
asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

9. Replacement on Loss; Division and Combination. 

(a) Replacement of Warrant on Loss. Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
destruction, or mutilation of this Warrant and upon delivery of an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it (it being understood that a written indemnification agreement or affidavit of loss of the Holder shall be a sufficient indemnity) and, in case
of mutilation, upon surrender of such Warrant for cancellation to the Company, the Company at its own expense shall execute and deliver to the Holder, in lieu hereof, a new Warrant of like tenor and exercisable for an equivalent number of Warrant
Shares as the Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed; provided, that, in the case of mutilation, no indemnity shall be required if this Warrant in identifiable form is surrendered to the Company for cancellation. 

(b) Division and Combination of Warrant. Subject to compliance with the applicable provisions of this Warrant as to any
transfer or other assignment which may be involved in such division or combination, this Warrant may be divided or, following any such division of this Warrant, subsequently combined with other Warrants, upon the surrender of this Warrant or
Warrants to the Company at its then principal executive offices, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the respective Holders or their agents or attorneys. Subject to
compliance with the applicable provisions of this Warrant as to any transfer or assignment which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall at its own expense execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the
Warrant or Warrants so surrendered in accordance with such notice. Such new Warrant or Warrants shall be of like tenor to the surrendered Warrant or Warrants and shall be exercisable in the aggregate for an equivalent number of Warrant Shares as the
Warrant or Warrants so surrendered in accordance with such notice. 

11 

10. No Impairment. The Company shall not, by amendment of its Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to
be observed or performed by it hereunder, but shall at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Warrant and in the taking of all such action as may reasonably be requested by the Holder in order to protect the
exercise rights of the Holder against dilution or other impairment, consistent with the tenor and purpose of this Warrant. 

11. Warrant
Register. The Company shall keep and properly maintain at its principal executive offices books for the registration of the Warrant and any transfers thereof. The Company may deem and treat the Person in whose name the Warrant is registered on
such register as the Holder thereof for all purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary, except any assignment, division, combination, or other transfer of the Warrant effected in accordance with the provisions of
this Warrant. 

12. Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such
notice shall be given in accordance with Section 10(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant, including in reasonable detail a
description of such action and the reason therefor. 

13. Cumulative Remedies. Except to the extent expressly provided in
Section 8 to the contrary, the rights and remedies provided in this Warrant are cumulative and are not exclusive of, and are in addition to and not in substitution for, any other rights or remedies available at law, in equity or otherwise. 

14. Equitable Relief. Each of the Company and the Holder acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach by such party of any of its
obligations under this Warrant would give rise to irreparable harm to the other party hereto for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and hereby agrees that in the event of a breach or a threatened breach by such party of any such
obligations, the other party hereto shall, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available to it in respect of such breach, be entitled to equitable relief, including a restraining order, an injunction, specific
performance, and any other relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction. 

15. Entire Agreement. This
Warrant, together with the Purchase Agreement, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the parties to this Warrant with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements,
both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. In the event of any inconsistency between the statements in the body of this Warrant and the Purchase Agreement, the statements in the body of this Warrant shall control. 

16. Successor and Assigns. This Warrant and the rights evidenced hereby shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and the successors of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of the Holder. Such successors and/or permitted assigns of the Holder shall be deemed to be a Holder for all purposes hereunder. 

12 

17. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Warrant is for the sole benefit of the Company
and the Holder and their respective successors and, in the case of the Holder, permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any
nature whatsoever, under or by reason of this Warrant. 

18. Headings. The headings in this Warrant are for reference only and shall
not affect the interpretation of this Warrant. 

19. Amendment and Modification; Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, this
Warrant may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each party hereto. No waiver by the Company or the Holder of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and
signed by the party so waiving. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach, or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether
occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any rights, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this Warrant shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any right, remedy, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege. 

20. Severability. If any term or provision of this Warrant is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Warrant or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. 

21. Governing Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of New York. 

22. Submission to Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Warrant or the transactions
contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, and each party irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action, or proceeding. Service of process, summons, notice, or other document by certified or registered mail to such partys address set forth herein shall be effective service of process
for any suit, action, or other proceeding brought in any such court. The parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action, or any proceeding in such courts and irrevocably waive and agree not to
plead or claim in any such court that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

23. Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this Warrant is likely to
involve complicated and difficult issues and, therefore, each such party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any legal action arising out of or relating to this Warrant or the transactions
contemplated hereby. 

13 

24. Counterparts. This Warrant may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Warrant delivered by facsimile, e-mail, or other means of electronic transmission shall
be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Warrant. 

25. No Strict Construction. This
Warrant shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has duly executed this Warrant on the Original Issue Date.

VERITONE, INC.

By: 

Name: Michael Zemetra

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Accepted and agreed,

ESOUSA GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC

By: 

Name: Michael Wachs

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page to
Form of Pre-Funded Warrant] 

EXHIBIT A 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

TO: VERITONE, INC.

The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in
full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(1) Payment shall
take the form of (check applicable box): 

in lawful money of the United States; or 

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
3(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in section 3(c). 

(2) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

________________________ 

The Warrant Shares
shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number: 

________________________ 

________________________ 

________________________ 

(4)
Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER] 

Name of Investing Entity:
________________________ 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _____________________________ 

Name of Authorized Signatory: ______________________________________ 

Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________ 

Date:
_____________________________________________________ 

EXHIBIT B 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

The Company hereby acknowledges
this Exercise Notice and hereby directs __________ to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock to __________. 

VERITONE, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT C 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d859534dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

John-Paul Motley 

T: +1 213
561 3204 

jpmotley@cooley.com 

January 2, 2025 

Veritone, Inc. 

1615 Platte Street, 2nd Floor 

Denver, CO 80202 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel to Veritone, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), with respect to certain matters in connection with
the offering by the Company of (i) 4,414,878 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) and
(ii) pre-funded warrants (the Warrants) to purchase up to 3,608,838 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares), pursuant to the Registration Statement
on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280148) (the Registration Statement),filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the prospectus included in the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus), and the
prospectus supplement relating to the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus). 

In connection with this opinion, we have examined and relied upon (a) the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (b) the form of the Warrants,
(c) the Companys certificate of incorporation and bylaws, each as currently in effect, and (d) such other records, documents, opinions, certificates, memoranda and instruments as in our judgment are necessary or appropriate to enable
us to render the opinion expressed below. We have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to originals of all documents submitted to us as copies, the accuracy,
completeness and authenticity of certificates of public officials and the due authorization, execution and delivery of all documents by all persons other than the Company where authorization, execution and delivery are prerequisites to the
effectiveness thereof. As to certain factual matters, we have relied upon a certificate of an officer of the Company and have not independently verified such matters. 

We express no opinion with respect to the Warrants and the Warrant Shares to the extent that future issuances of securities of the Company, antidilution
adjustments to outstanding securities of the Company, or other matters cause the Warrants to be exercisable for more shares of Common Stock than the number available for issuance by the Company or that the consideration paid upon exercise of the
Warrants is below the par value per shares of the Common Stock. 

Our opinion is expressed only with respect to the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware and as to the Warrants constituting binding obligations of the Company, the laws of the State of New York. We express no opinion to the extent that any other laws are applicable to the subject matter hereof and express no opinion and
provide no assurance as to compliance with any federal or state securities law, rule or regulation. 

Cooley LLP 355 S. Grand
Avenue Suite 900, Los Angeles, CA 90071-1560 

t: 213.561.3250 f: 213.561.3244 cooley.com 

Veritone, Inc. 

January 2, 2025 

Page Two 

With regard to our opinion concerning the Warrants constituting binding obligations of the Company: 

(i) Our opinion is subject to, and may be limited by, (a) applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent
conveyance, debtor and creditor, and similar laws which relate to or affect creditors rights generally, and (b) general principles of equity (including, without limitation, concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair
dealing) regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law; 

(ii) Our opinion is subject to the qualification that
(a) the enforceability of provisions for indemnification or limitations on liability may be limited by applicable law and by public policy considerations, and (b) the availability of specific performance, an injunction or other equitable
remedies is subject to the discretion of the court before which the request is brought; 

(iii) We express no opinion with respect to any
provision of the Warrants that: (a) relates to the subject matter jurisdiction of any federal court of the United States of America or any federal appellate court to adjudicate any controversy related to the Warrants; (b) specifies
provisions may be waived in writing, to the extent that an oral agreement or implied agreement by trade practice or course of conduct has been created that modifies such provision; (c) contains a waiver of an inconvenient forum;
(d) provides for liquidated damages, default interest, late charges, monetary penalties, prepayment or make whole payments or other economic remedies; (e) relates to advance waivers of claims, defenses, rights granted by law, or notice,
opportunity for hearing, evidentiary requirements, statutes of limitations, trial by jury, service of process or procedural rights; (f) restricts non-written modifications and waivers; (g) provides
for the payment of legal and other professional fees where such payment is contrary to law or public policy; (h) relates to exclusivity, election or accumulation of rights or remedies; (i) authorizes or validates conclusive or
discretionary determinations or (j) provides that provisions of the Warrants are severable to the extent an essential part of the agreed exchange is determined to be invalid and unenforceable; and 

(iv) We express no opinion as to whether a state court outside of the State of New York or a federal court of the United States would give
effect to the choice of New York law or jurisdiction provided for in the Warrants. 

On the basis of the foregoing, in reliance thereon, and subject to the
qualifications set forth herein, we are of the opinion that (i) the Shares, when sold and issued against payment therefore in accordance with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
(ii) the Warrants, when duly executed by the Company and delivered to the purchasers thereof against payment therefor in accordance with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will be binding obligations of the Company, and
(iii) the Warrant Shares, when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

This opinion is limited to the matters expressly set forth in this letter and no opinion has been or should be implied or may be inferred, beyond the matters
expressly stated. This opinion speaks only as to law and facts in effect or existing as of the date hereof, and we have no obligation or responsibility to update or supplement this letter to reflect any facts or circumstances that may hereafter come
to our attention or any changes in law that may hereafter occur. 

Cooley LLP 355 S. Grand
Avenue Suite 900, Los Angeles, CA 90071-1560 

t: 213.561.3250 f: 213.561.3244 cooley.com 

Veritone, Inc. 

January 2, 2025 

Page Three 

We consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Prospectus and to
the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission for incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement. In giving such consents, we
do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

Cooley LLP

By: 

/s/ John-Paul Motley

John-Paul Motley

Cooley LLP 355 S. Grand
Avenue Suite 900, Los Angeles, CA 90071-1560 

t: 213.561.3250 f: 213.561.3244 cooley.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d859534dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of January 2, 2025 (the Effective
Date), is by and between Veritone, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Esousa Group Holdings, LLC, a New York limited liability company (including its successors and assigns, the
Purchaser). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser, and
the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, 4,414,878 shares of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), and Pre-Funded Warrants (as defined
below) to purchase 3,608,838 shares of Common Stock. Shares of Common Stock issued at the Closing (as defined below) or issuable pursuant to the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants, including, without limitation,
upon exercise or otherwise, are collectively referred to herein as the Shares, and, together with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Securities. 

The Company and the Purchaser is executing and delivering this Agreement with respect to the Securities in reliance upon the effective
registration statement on Form S-3 (SEC File No. 333-280148) (as amended, the Registration Statement) filed by the Company with the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), for the registration of
the Securities, as such Registration Statement may be amended and supplemented from time to time (including pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act), including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and
including all information deemed to be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act, and the prospectus supplement (the Prospectus Supplement) complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities
Act that is delivered by the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, and that is filed with the SEC. 

DEFINITIONS 

In
addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth below: 

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or
is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Board of
Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any
Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

Closing shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1(a). 

Closing Date shall mean the Trading Day on which the Closing is held, and shall mean the Trading Day on which all of the
Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto related to such Closing Date, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Purchase Price at such Closing and
(ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities to be issued and sold at such Closing, in each case, have been satisfied or waived. 

Company Counsel means Cooley LLP. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

Governmental Entity means any nation, state, county, city, town, village, district, or other political jurisdiction of any
nature, federal, state, local, municipal, foreign, or other government, governmental or quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental agency, branch, department, official, or entity and any court or other tribunal),
multi-national organization or body; or body exercising, or entitled to exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any nature or instrumentality of any of the foregoing,
including any entity or enterprise owned or controlled by a government or a public international organization or any of the foregoing 

Knowledge means, with respect to any Person, (x) such Person is
actually aware of such fact or matter or (y) such Person should reasonably have been expected to discover or otherwise become aware of such fact or matter after reasonable investigation, and for purposes hereof it shall be assumed that such
Person has conducted a reasonable investigation of the accuracy of the representations and warranties set forth herein. 

Lien means any security or other property interest or right, claim, lien, pledge, option, charge, security interest,
contingent or conditional sale, or other title claim or retention agreement, interest or other right or claim of third parties, whether perfected or not perfected, voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law, and including any agreement
(other than this Agreement) to grant or submit to any of the foregoing in the future. 

Lock-Up Agreement means the Lock-Up
Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Person means an
individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Pre-Funded Warrants means the Common Stock purchase warrants in the form of
Exhibit B attached hereto delivered to Purchaser at the Closing in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and which shall be exercisable at an exercise price of $0.001 per share. 

Principal Market shall mean The Nasdaq Global Market. 

Prospectus means the base prospectus filed with the Registration Statement, including all information, documents and
exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Trading Day means a day on which the Principal Market is open for trading; provided, that in the event that the Common
Stock is not listed or quoted for trading on a Trading Market on the date in question, then Trading Day shall mean a Business Day. 

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on
the date in question: the NYSE American, the NASDAQ Capital Market, the NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB, OTCQX, or the OTC Pink (or any successors to any of the foregoing). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, term Trading Market shall only include the OTC Pink for any interim period of time required upon the Companys delisting from any other Trading Market provided that the Company shall be required to list its Common
Stock for trading or quotation on another Trading Market (excluding the OTC Pink) promptly upon such delisting and the failure to do so shall constitute a default under the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble. 

Transaction Documents means this Agreement all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto, the Pre-Funded Warrants and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser hereby agree as
follows: 

1. 

PURCHASE AND SALE. 

(a) Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to issue and sell,
and the Purchaser agrees to purchase, (i) 4,414,878 shares of Common Stock and (ii) Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase 3,608,838 shares of Common Stock in exchange for the Purchase Price (such purchase and
sale being the Closing). At the Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Company the Purchase Price (as hereinafter defined), which shall consist solely of cash in immediately available funds, and the Company shall deliver to
the Purchaser the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants. The Company and the Purchaser shall also deliver the other items set forth in Section 1(b) and 1(c), respectively, deliverable at the Closing. Upon
satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth herein and receipt of the Purchase Price by the Company, the Closing shall occur at the principal offices of the Company or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. 

2 

(b) Company Deliverables. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser the following: 

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company; 

(ii) a legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Purchaser, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser; 

(iii) a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to credit shares to the applicable balance
accounts at The Depository Trust Company (DTC), registered in the name of Purchaser or its respective nominee(s), for the Shares (minus the number of Shares issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded
Warrants issued hereunder), or, at the election of Purchaser, evidence of the issuance of the Shares hereunder as held in DRS book-entry form by the Transfer Agent and registered in the name of Purchaser, which evidence shall be reasonably
satisfactory to Purchaser 

(iv) the Pre-Funded Warrants duly executed by the Company; 

(v) Lock-Up Agreements duly executed by the Companys directors and executive officers; 

(vi) a Certificate of Good Standing of the Company from its jurisdiction of incorporation dated no earlier than five Business Days prior to the
Closing Date; 

(vii) a certificate, in the form acceptable to the Purchaser, executed by the Secretary of the Company dated as of the
Closing Date as to (i) the resolutions consistent with Section 3(b) as adopted by the Companys Board of Directors in a form reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser, (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and
(iii) the Bylaws of the Company, each as in effect at the Closing; 

(viii) a certificate, executed by the Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, (the Officers Certificate) attesting that each and every representation and warranty of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and
as of the Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied
in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date, including, without limitation the issuance of all Securities on the Closing
Date as required by the Transaction Documents and the Company has a sufficient number of duly authorized shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance as may be required to fulfill its obligations pursuant to the Transaction Documents; 

(ix) reimbursement for legal expenses incurred by the Purchaser for legal counsel in connection with preparation of the Transaction Documents
in an amount equal to $50,000, which, if not paid before the Closing, is to be deducted from the payment of the Purchase Price by Purchaser to the Company; and 

(x) all documents, instruments and other writings required to be delivered by the Company to the Purchaser on or before the Closing Date
pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(c) Purchaser
Deliverables. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following: 

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser; and 

(ii) the Purchase Price by wire transfer to the account specified by the Company on
Schedule 1 hereto. 

(d) Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Securities (the Purchase Price) shall be
$20,263,913.10.

3 

2. 

PURCHASERS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 

The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company that, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date: 

(a) Organization; Authority. The Purchaser is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization with the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and
thereunder. 

(b) No Public Sale or Distribution. The Purchaser is acquiring the Shares for its own account and not with a view
towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof in violation of applicable securities laws, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act; provided, however, by making the representations
herein, such Purchaser does not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a
registration statement or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Such Purchaser does not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute any of the Securities in violation of
applicable securities laws. 

(c) Information. The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials
relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities that have been requested by the Purchaser. The Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have had (i) the opportunity to
review the Transaction Documents and the SEC Reports (as defined below) and has been afforded the opportunity to ask such questions of the Company as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning
the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties,
management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to
make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by the Purchaser or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the
Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained herein. The Purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk. The Purchaser acknowledges that it can bear the
economic risk and complete loss of its investment in the Securities and has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment contemplated hereby. The Purchaser did
not learn of the investment in the Securities as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising. The Purchaser has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with
respect to its acquisition of the Securities. The Purchaser is not relying upon, and has not relied upon, any statement, representation or warranty made by any person, except for statements, representations and warranties contained in this
Agreement, in making its investment or decision to invest in the Company. 

(d) No Governmental Review. The Purchaser understands
that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such
authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities. 

(e) Validity; Enforcement. This Agreement has
been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Purchaser and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Purchaser enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors
rights and remedies. 

(f) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the
consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of the Purchaser, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or
lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party, or (iii) result in a
violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws) applicable to the Purchaser, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations
which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Purchaser to perform its obligations hereunder. 

3. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. 

The Company represents and warrants to the Purchaser that, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date: 

(a) Organization and Qualification. Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are entities duly organized and validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are formed, and have the requisite power and authority to own their properties and to carry on their business as now being conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted.
Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such
qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 

4 

Effect (as defined below). As used in this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties, assets, liabilities,
operations (including results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the legality, validity or enforceability of the Transaction Documents or any other agreements or
instruments to be entered into in connection herewith or therewith or (iii) the authority or ability of the Company to perform any of their respective obligations under any of the Transaction Documents. Subsidiaries means any
Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (I) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or holds a majority of the equity or similar interest of such Person or (II) controls or operates all or any part of the business,
operations or administration of such Person, and each of the foregoing, is individually referred to herein as a Subsidiary. 

(b) Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company, and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Shares at the Closing and the reservation for issuance and issuance of the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants) have been duly authorized by the Companys Board of Directors and (other than (i) any filings as may be required by any state securities agencies or pursuant to the securities
regulations, (ii) the filing of the Prospectus Supplement, and (iii) the filing of a notice with the Principal Market (clauses (i) (iv) are collectively referred to as the Required Filings) no further
filing, consent or authorization is required by the Company, its Board of Directors or stockholders or other governing body. This Agreement has been, and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party will, prior to the Closing, have been,
duly executed and delivered by the Company, and each constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to
indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal or state securities law. 

(c) Issuance of Securities. The issuance of
the Securities is duly authorized and when issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all Liens with
respect to the issuance thereof. As of the Closing Date, the Company shall have reserved from its duly authorized capital stock not less than 100% of the maximum number of Shares issuable hereunder (without taking into account any limitations on the
exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants set forth therein). The Shares, when issued, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights or Liens with respect to the
issue thereof that have not been waived in writing, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. 

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Shares and the reservation for issuance of the Shares) will not
(i) result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (including, without limitation, any certificate of designation contained therein, the Certificate of Incorporation),
and the Companys bylaws, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the Bylaws) or other organizational documents of the Company, or any capital stock or other securities of the Company, (ii) conflict with, or
constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) in any respect under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or
instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including, without limitation, foreign, federal and state securities laws and
regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal Market and including all applicable foreign, federal and state laws, rules and regulations) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected assuming, with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii) above, the making of the Required Filings and except in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii) above, for such breaches, violations or conflicts as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) Consents. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is required to obtain any consent from, authorization or order of, or make any
filing or registration with (other than the Required Filings), any Governmental Entity or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other Person in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its respective obligations under or
contemplated by the Transaction Documents, in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. Other than the Required Filings, all consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain
pursuant to the preceding sentence have been or will be obtained or effected on or prior to the Closing Date, and the Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances which might prevent the Company from obtaining or effecting any of the
registration, application or filings contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the reports, schedules, forms, proxy statements, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the Securities
Act and the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act during the one year prior to the date hereof (all of the foregoing filed during the one year prior to the date hereof and all exhibits and appendices included therein and financial statements,
notes and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter, together with the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement, referred to as the SEC Reports), the Company is not in violation of the
requirements of the Principal Market and has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which would reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of the Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

5 

(f) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and that the Purchaser is not
(i) an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or a successor rule thereto) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
The Company further acknowledges that the Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby, and any advice given by the Purchaser or any of
its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Purchaser
that the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives. 

(g) Placement Agents Fees. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agents fees,
financial advisory fees, or brokers commissions (other than for Persons engaged by the Purchaser or its investment advisor) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company shall pay, and hold the Purchaser
harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any such
claim. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged any placement agent or other agent in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities. 

(h) [Intentionally Omitted] 

(i)
Dilutive Effect. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue the Shares in accordance with this Agreement and the Pre-Funded Warrants is absolute and unconditional regardless of the
dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other stockholders of the Company. 

(j) Application of
Takeover Protections; Rights Agreement. The Company and its Board of Directors have taken all necessary corporate action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, interested stockholder, business combination, poison
pill (including, without limitation, any distribution under a rights agreement), stockholder rights plan or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or other organizational documents or the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or otherwise which is or could become applicable to the Purchaser as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Companys issuance of the Securities and the
Purchasers ownership of the Securities. 

(k) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(k),
during the one (1) year prior to the date hereof, the Company has timely filed all SEC Reports. The Company has delivered or has made available to the Purchaser or its representatives true, correct and complete copies of each of the SEC Reports
not available on the EDGAR system. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC
Reports, and none of the SEC Reports, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect as of the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except
(i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments which will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate). The reserves, if any, established by the Company or the lack of reserves, if applicable, are reasonable based upon
facts and circumstances known by the Company on the date hereof and there are no loss contingencies that are required to be accrued by the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board which are
not provided for by the Company in its financial statements or otherwise. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company is not currently contemplating amending or restating any of the financial statements (including, without limitation,
any notes or any letter of the independent accountants of the Company with respect thereto) included in the SEC Reports (the Financial Statements), nor is the Company currently aware of facts or circumstances which would require
the Company to amend or restate any of the Financial Statements, in each case, in order for any of the Financials Statements to be in compliance with GAAP and the rules and regulations of the SEC. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the
Company has not been informed by its independent accountants that they recommend that the Company amend or restate any of the Financial Statements or that there is any need for the Company to amend or restate any of the Financial Statements. 

(l) Absence of Certain Changes. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, since the date of the Companys most recent audited
financial statements contained in a Form 10-K, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the business, assets, liabilities, properties, operations (including results
thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, since the date of the Companys most recent audited 

6 

financial statements contained in a Form 10-K, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has (i) declared or paid any dividends, (ii) sold
any assets, individually or in the aggregate, outside of the ordinary course of business or (iii) made any capital expenditures, individually or in the aggregate, outside of the ordinary course of business. Other than as disclosed in the SEC
Reports, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any steps to seek protection pursuant to any law or statute relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, liquidation or winding up, nor does the Company or any
Subsidiary have any knowledge or reason to believe that any of their respective creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings or any actual knowledge of any fact which would reasonably lead a creditor to do so. Other than as
disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are not as of the date hereof, and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur at the Closing, will not be Insolvent (as defined
below). For purposes of this Section 3(l), Insolvent means, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, (A) the present fair saleable value of the Companys and
its Subsidiaries assets is less than the amount required to pay the Companys and its Subsidiaries total indebtedness, (B) the Company and its Subsidiaries are unable to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent
or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured or (C) the Company and its Subsidiaries intend to incur or believe that they will incur debts that would be beyond their ability to pay as such debts mature. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in any business or in any transaction and is not about to engage in any business or in any transaction, for which the Companys or such Subsidiarys remaining assets constitute unreasonably
small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted. 

(m) No Undisclosed Events, Liabilities, Developments or Circumstances. No event, liability, development or circumstance has occurred or
exists, or is reasonably expected to exist or occur with respect to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, properties, liabilities, prospects, operations (including results thereof) or condition (financial or
otherwise), that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made and which has not been publicly announced. 

(n) Conduct of Business; Regulatory Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any term of or in
default under its Certificate of Incorporation, any certificate of designation, preferences or rights of any other outstanding series of preferred stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Bylaws or their organizational charter, certificate
of formation, memorandum of association, articles of association, articles of incorporation or bylaws, respectively. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any judgment, decree or order or any statute, ordinance, rule or
regulation applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will conduct its business in violation of any of the foregoing, except in all cases for possible violations which would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as set forth on Schedule 3(n), the Company is not in violation of any of the rules,
regulations or requirements of the Principal Market and has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances that would reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of the Common Stock by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. During the two years
prior to the date hereof, (i) the Common Stock has been listed or designated for quotation on the Principal Market, (ii) trading in the Common Stock has not been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market and (iii) except as set
forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has received no communication, written or oral, from the SEC or the Principal Market regarding the suspension or delisting of the Common Stock from the Principal Market. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations or permits would not have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permit. There is
no agreement, commitment, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party which has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of
prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any acquisition of property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the conduct of business by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as
currently conducted other than such effects, individually or in the aggregate, which have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(o) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee, nor any other person acting for or on behalf of the Company (individually and collectively, a Company Affiliate) (i) violated the FCPA or any comparable applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, (ii) used any
corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity, (iii) made any unlawful payment from corporate funds to any foreign or domestic government official or employee or
foreign or domestic political party or campaign or (iv) made any bribe, illegal rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment. 

(p) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder. 

7 

(q) Transactions With Affiliates. Since January 1, 2024, except as
disclosed in the SEC Reports, no current or former employee, director, officer of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any affiliate of any thereof, or any relative with a relationship no more remote than first
cousin of any of the foregoing, is presently, or has been, (i) a party to any transaction with the Company or its Subsidiaries (including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services by, or rental of
real or personal property from, or otherwise requiring payments to, any such director, officer or stockholder or such associate or affiliate or relative Subsidiaries (other than for ordinary course services as employees, officers or directors of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries)) or (ii) the direct or indirect owner of an interest in any corporation, firm, association or business organization which is a competitor, supplier or customer of the Company or its Subsidiaries (except for a
passive investment (direct or indirect) in less than 5% of the common stock of a company whose securities are traded on or quoted through an Eligible Market (as hereinafter defined)), nor does any such Person receive income from any source other
than the Company or its Subsidiaries which relates to the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries or should properly accrue to the Company or its Subsidiaries, in each case in excess of $120,000. No employee, officer, or director of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or member of his or her immediate family is indebted to the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries indebted (or committed to make loans or extend or guarantee credit)
to any of them, other than (i) for payment of salary for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred on behalf of the Company, and (iii) for other standard employee benefits made generally available to all
employees or executives (including stock option agreements outstanding under any stock option plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Company). 

(r) Equity Capitalization. 

(i) Definitions: 

(B) Preferred Stock means (x) the Companys blank check preferred stock, $0.001 par value per
share, the terms of which may be designated by the Board of Directors of the Company in a certificate of designations and (y) any capital stock into which such preferred stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a
reclassification of such preferred stock (other than a conversion of such preferred stock into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of such certificate of designations). 

(ii) Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company
consists of (A) 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which, 40,179,855 are issued and outstanding and 23,505,076 shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to Convertible Securities (as defined below) (other than the
Pre-Funded Warrants) exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, shares of Common Stock and (B) 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, none of which is issued
and outstanding. No shares of Common Stock are held in the treasury of the Company. Convertible Securities means any capital stock or other security of the Company that is at any time and under any circumstances directly or
indirectly convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any capital stock or other security of the Company (including, without limitation, Common Stock). 

(iii) Valid Issuance; Available Shares; Affiliates. All of such outstanding shares are duly authorized and have been, or
upon issuance will be, validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. 

(iv) Existing Securities; Obligations.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports: (A) none of the Companys shares, interests or capital stock is subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or Liens suffered or permitted by the Company; (B) there are no
outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests or capital stock of the
Company, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or
commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests or capital stock of the Company; (C) there are no agreements or arrangements under which
the Company is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the Securities Act; (D) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company which contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no
contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company; (E) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be
triggered by the issuance of the Securities; and (F) the Company has no stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. 

(v) Organizational Documents. The Company has furnished to the Purchaser (through the SEC Reports) true, correct and complete copies of
the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and the Companys Bylaws, in each case as in effect as of the date hereof, and the terms of all Convertible Securities and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. 

(s) [Intentionally Omitted] 

8 

(t) Litigation. There is no action, suit, arbitration, proceeding, inquiry or
investigation before or by the Principal Market, any court, public board, other Governmental Entity, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company, the Common
Stock or any of the Companys officers or directors, whether of a civil or criminal nature or otherwise, in their capacities as such, which, if there were an unfavorable decision, would reasonably be expected result in a Material Adverse
Effect. To the Companys knowledge, no director or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has willfully violated 18 U.S.C. 1519 or engaged in spoliation in reasonable anticipation of litigation. Without limitation of the
foregoing, there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The SEC has not issued any stop
order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

(u) Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any
insurance coverage sought or applied for, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will be unable to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from
similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(v) [Intentionally
Omitted] 

(w) Title. 

(i) Real Property. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries holds good title to all real property, leases in real
property, facilities or other interests in real property owned or held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the Real Property) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as applicable). Except as set forth in the SEC
Reports, the Real Property is free and clear of all Liens and is not subject to any rights of way, building use restrictions, exceptions, variances, reservations, or limitations of any nature except for (a) Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties, (b) zoning laws and other land use restrictions that do not impair
the present or anticipated use of the property subject thereto, (c) Liens that do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the
Subsidiaries and (d) Liens that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Any Real Property held under lease by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are held by them under
valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(ii) Fixtures and Equipment. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as applicable) has good title to, or a valid
leasehold interest in, the tangible personal property, equipment, improvements, fixtures, and other personal property and appurtenances that are used by the Company or its Subsidiary in connection with the conduct of its business (the
Fixtures and Equipment). The Fixtures and Equipment are structurally sound, are in good operating condition and repair, are adequate for the uses to which they are being put, are not in need of maintenance or repairs except for
ordinary, routine maintenance and repairs and are sufficient for the conduct of the Companys and/or its Subsidiaries businesses (as applicable) in the manner as conducted prior to the Closing. 

(x) [Intentionally Omitted] 

(y)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. 

(z) [Intentionally
Omitted] 

(aa) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is
subject, (ii) has timely paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and
(iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to
be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries know of no basis for any such claim. 

9 

(bb) Internal Accounting and Disclosure Controls. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries maintains internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, including that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or
specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset and liability accountability, (iii) access to assets or incurrence of
liabilities is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets and liabilities is compared with the existing assets and liabilities at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any difference. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under
the Exchange Act) that are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer or officers and its principal financial officer or officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Except
as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not received any notice or correspondence from its independent accountants relating to any potential material weakness or significant deficiency in any part of the internal controls over financial
reporting of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(cc) Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction,
arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its Exchange Act filings and is not so disclosed or that
otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(dd) Investment Company Status. The Company is not, and
upon consummation of the sale of the Securities will not be, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(ee) Acknowledgement Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. It is understood and acknowledged by the Company that
(i) following the public disclosure of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, in accordance with the terms thereof, the Purchaser has not been asked by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to agree, nor has the Purchaser
agreed with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, to desist from effecting any transactions in or with respect to (including, without limitation, purchasing or selling, long and/or short) any securities of the Company, or derivative
securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold any of the Securities for any specified term; (ii) the Purchaser, and counterparties in derivative transactions to which the Purchaser is a party, directly or
indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock which was established prior to the Purchasers knowledge of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; (iii) the Purchaser shall not be deemed
to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counterparty in any derivative transaction; and (iv) the Purchaser may rely on the Companys obligation to timely deliver Shares as and when required pursuant
to the Transaction Documents for purposes of effecting trading in the Common Stock of the Company. The Company further understands and acknowledges that following the public disclosure of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
pursuant to the 8-K Filing (as defined below) the Purchaser may engage in hedging and/or trading activities (including, without limitation, the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock)
at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value and/or number of the Shares deliverable with respect to the Securities are being determined and such hedging
and/or trading activities (including, without limitation, the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock), if any, can reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interest in the Company both at and after the
time the hedging and/or trading activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging and/or trading activities do not constitute a breach of this Agreement, the Pre-Funded
Warrants, or any other Transaction Document or any of the documents executed in connection herewith or therewith. 

(ff) Manipulation of
Price. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, (i) taken any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or
manipulation of the price of any security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the
Securities, (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) paid or agreed to pay any Person for research services with
respect to any securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(gg) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, or has ever been, and so long as any of the Securities are held by the Purchaser, shall become, a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code, and the Company and
each Subsidiary shall so certify upon the Purchasers request. 

(hh) [Intentionally Omitted] 

(ii) Transfer Taxes. On the Closing Date, all stock transfer or other taxes (other than income or similar taxes) which are required to
be paid in connection with the issuance, sale and transfer of the Securities to be sold to the Purchaser hereunder will be, or will have been, fully paid or provided for by the Company, and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been
complied with. 

10 

(jj) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is
subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five
percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

(kk) [Intentionally Omitted] 

(ll) [Intentionally Omitted] 

(mm) Money Laundering. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with, and have not previously violated, the USA Patriot Act of
2001 and all other applicable U.S. and non-U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the laws, regulations and Executive Orders and sanctions programs administered by the
U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, including, but not limited, to (i) Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 entitled, Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support
Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)); and (ii) any regulations contained in 31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V. 

(nn)
Management. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, during the past five year period, to the Companys knowledge, no current or former executive officer or director (provided such Person was an executive officer or director within the
past five years) has been the subject of: 

(i) a petition under bankruptcy laws or any other insolvency or moratorium law
or the appointment by a court of a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer for such Person, or any partnership in which such person was a general partner at or within two years before the filing of such petition or such appointment, or any
corporation or business association of which such person was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of the filing of such petition or such appointment; 

(ii) a conviction in a criminal proceeding or a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations
that do not relate to driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence); 

(iii) any order, judgment or decree, not
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining any such person from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

(1) Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor
broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the United States Commodity Futures Trading SEC or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an
affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

(2) Engaging in any particular type of business practice; or 

(3) Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any
violation of securities laws or commodities laws; 

(iv) any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended
or vacated, of any authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than sixty (60) days the right of any such person to engage in any activity described in the preceding sub paragraph, or to be associated with persons engaged in
any such activity; 

(v) a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or other authority
to have violated any securities law, regulation or decree and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC or any other authority has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; or 

(vi) a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading SEC to have violated
any federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated. 

(oo) Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the applicable
stock option plan of the Company and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under
the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no policy or practice of the Company to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant
of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects. 

11 

(pp) No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. Except as disclosed in the SEC
Reports, there are no material disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company is
current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents. In addition, on or prior to the date hereof, the Company had
discussions with its accountants about its financial statements previously filed with the SEC. Based on those discussions, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has no reason to believe that it will need to restate any such financial
statements or any part thereof. 

(qq) Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any Person that has been or will be paid
(directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of the Purchaser or potential purchasers in connection with the sale of the Securities. 

(rr) [Intentionally Omitted] 

(ss) [Intentionally Omitted] 

(tt) Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents
or counsel with any information that constitutes or would reasonably be expected to constitute material, non-public information concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than the existence of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All
disclosures provided to the Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the schedules to this Agreement, furnished by or on behalf of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 2. 

(uu) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Registration Statement became effective under the Securities Act on June 21,
2024. The Company has complied, to the SECs satisfaction with all requests of the SEC for additional or supplemental information, if any. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and, to the Companys knowledge, no
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement is in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are pending or contemplated or threatened by the SEC. The Company meets
the eligibility requirements for use of Form S-3 (pursuant to Instruction I.B.6) under the Securities Act. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, at
the time they were or hereafter are filed with the SEC, or became effective under the Exchange Act, as the case may be, complied and will comply with in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act. 

(vv) Prospectus Supplement Disclosure. The Prospectus Supplement when filed complied in all material respects with the Securities Act.
Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, including any documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, at the time it became or becomes effective pursuant to Rule
430(B) promulgated under the Securities Act, complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act, and did not, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus Supplement (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its date, did not, and at the Closing Date, will not, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the
Prospectus Supplement or to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement which have not been described or filed as required. 

4. 

COVENANTS. 

(a) Best Efforts. The Purchaser shall use its best efforts to timely satisfy each of the covenants hereunder and conditions to be
satisfied by it as provided in Section 6 of this Agreement. The Company shall use its best efforts to timely satisfy each of the covenants hereunder and conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement. 

(b) Blue Sky. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary
in order to obtain an exemption for, or to, qualify the Securities for sale to the Purchaser at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an
exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Purchaser on or prior to the Closing Date. Without limiting any other obligation of the Company under this Agreement, the Company shall timely make all
filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Securities required under all applicable securities laws (including, without limitation, all applicable federal securities laws and all applicable Blue Sky laws), and the Company
shall comply with all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, statutes, rules, regulations and the like relating to the offering and sale of the Securities to the Purchaser. 

12 

(c) Reporting Status. Until the date on which the Purchaser shall have sold all of
the Securities (the Reporting Period),the Company covenants to use commercially reasonable efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be
filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 

(d) Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Securities for working capital and general corporate
purposes. 

(e) Financial Information. The Company agrees to send the following to the Purchaser during the Reporting Period
(i) unless the following are filed with the SEC through EDGAR and are available to the public through the EDGAR system, within one (1) Business Day after the filing thereof with the SEC, a copy of its Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, any interim reports or any consolidated balance sheets, income statements, stockholders equity statements and/or cash flow
statements for any period other than annual, any Current Reports on Form 8-K and any registration statements (other than on Form S-8) or amendments filed pursuant to the
Securities Act, and (ii) unless the following are filed with the SEC through EDGAR, copies of any notices and other information made available or given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the making available or
giving thereof to the stockholders. 

(f) Listing. The Company shall promptly secure the listing or designation for quotation (as the
case may be) of all of the Shares upon each national securities exchange and automated quotation system, if any, upon which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as the case may be) (subject to official notice of issuance) and
shall maintain such listing or designation for quotation (as the case may be) of all Shares from time to time issuable under the terms of the Transaction Documents on such national securities exchange or automated quotation system. The Company shall
maintain the Common Stocks listing or authorization for quotation (as the case may be) on the Principal Market, The New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American, LLC, the Nasdaq Capital Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market (each, an
Eligible Market). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall take any action which could be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Common Stock on an Eligible Market. The Company shall pay
all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 4(f). 

(g) Fees and Expenses. The
Company shall pay McDermott Will & Emery LLP, counsel to the Purchaser, reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in the amount of $50,000. 

(h) Pledge of Securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company acknowledges and agrees that
the Securities may be pledged by the Purchaser in connection with a bona fide margin agreement or other loan or financing arrangement that is secured by the Securities. The pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or
assignment of the Securities hereunder, and the Purchaser, in effecting a pledge of Securities, shall not be required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any
other Transaction Document. The Company hereby agrees to execute and deliver such documentation as a pledgee of the Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge of the Securities to such pledgee by the Purchaser. 

(i) Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information. 

(i) Disclosure of Transaction. On or before 9:00 a.m., New York time, on the first (1st) Business Day after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing all the material terms of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents in the form required by the Exchange Act and attaching all the material Transaction Documents (the 8-K Filing). From and after the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company shall have disclosed all material, non-public information (if any) provided to the Purchaser by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company
acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or
agents, on the one hand, and the Purchaser or any of its affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate. 

(ii)
Limitations on Disclosure. Other than as required under the Transaction Documents (but subject to any other disclosure obligations of the Company with respect thereto), the Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its
Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents not to, provide the Purchaser with any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries from and after the date hereof unless prior thereto the Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. If any material, non-public information is required to be provided by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the Purchaser pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Company shall obtain the Purchasers prior written consent
prior to providing such information to the Purchaser, and if the Purchaser fails to provide such written consent, the Company shall not be deemed to be in breach of any of the Transaction Documents as a result of the failure to provide such
information. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Purchaser without the 

13 

Purchasers prior written consent in breach of the foregoing sentence, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality with respect to
such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. Subject to the foregoing, neither the Company, its Subsidiaries nor the Purchaser shall issue any
press releases or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Purchaser, to make any press release or other public disclosure
with respect to such transactions (i) in substantial conformity with the 8-K Filing and (ii) as is required by applicable law and regulations (provided that in the case of clause (i) above, the
Purchaser shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release or other public disclosure prior to its release). Without the prior written consent of the Purchaser (which may be granted or withheld in the Purchasers sole
discretion), the Company shall not (and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and affiliates to not) disclose the name of the Purchaser in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise, except in the 8-K
Filing and as otherwise may be required by applicable law or regulations. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary and without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true, the Company expressly acknowledges and
agrees that the Purchaser shall not have (unless expressly agreed to by the Purchaser after the date hereof in a written definitive and binding agreement executed by the Company and the Purchaser), any duty of confidentiality with respect to any
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, provide that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. 

(j) Reservation of Shares. So long as the Pre-Funded Warrants remain outstanding, the Company
shall take all action necessary to at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of issuance, no less than 100% of the maximum number of Shares (assuming for purposes hereof that any such amount shall not take into account any
limitations on the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants as set forth therein) (the Required Reserve Amount); provided that at no time shall the number of shares of Common Stock reserved
pursuant to this Section 4(j) be reduced other than in connection with any exercise and/or redemption of the Pre-Funded Warrants. If at any time the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and
reserved for issuance is not sufficient to meet the Required Reserve Amount, the Company will promptly take all corporate action necessary to authorize and reserve a sufficient number of shares, including, without limitation, calling a special
meeting of stockholders to authorize additional shares to meet the Companys obligations pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the case of an insufficient number of authorized shares, obtain stockholder approval of an increase in such
authorized number of shares, and voting the management shares of the Company in favor of an increase in the authorized shares of the Company to ensure that the number of authorized shares is sufficient to meet the Required Reserve Amount. 

(k) Conduct of Business. The business of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or
regulation of any Governmental Entity, except where such violations would not reasonably be expected to result, either individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(l) [Reserved]

(m)
Additional Issuance of Securities. The Company agrees that for the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on the 75th day after the Closing Date (the RestrictedPeriod), the Company shall not directly or indirectly issue, offer, sell, grant any option, restricted stock unit or right to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any issuance, offer, sale, grant of any option or right to
purchase or other disposition of) any shares of Common Stock equity security or any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt,
preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock (Common Stock Equivalents) .
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4(m) shall not apply in respect of the issuance of (i) shares of Common Stock or standard options to purchase or restricted stock units to acquire Common Stock to directors, officers or employees
of the Company in their capacity as such pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan (as defined below); (ii) shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion or exercise of Convertible Securities (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued
pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) issued prior to the date hereof, provided that the conversion, exercise or other method of issuance (as the case may be) of any such Convertible Security is made solely
pursuant to the conversion, exercise or other method of issuance (as the case may be) provisions of such Convertible Security that were in effect on the date immediately prior to the date of this Agreement, the conversion, exercise or issuance price
of any such Convertible Securities (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) is not lowered, none of such Convertible Securities (other than standard
options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are amended to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such Convertible
Securities (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are otherwise materially changed in any manner that adversely affects the Purchaser;
(iii) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to that certain Sales Agreement, dated November 19, 2024, by and among the Company, Needham & Company, LLC and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC; provided, however, that shares shall
not be issued pursuant to this Section 4(m)(iii) until after the 60th day after the Closing Date and only at a minimum price of at least $3.00 per share, provided further, that, with regard
to any Trading Day on which shares issued pursuant to this Section 4(m)(iii) are sold and issued, such number of shares sold and issued on such Trading Day shall not exceed: (A) 5% of the daily trading volume of the Common Stock on the
Principal Market on such Trading Day, (B) if the minimum price of all shares sold on such Trading 

14 

Day is at least $5.00, 10% of the daily trading volume of the Common Stock on the Principal Market on such Trading Day, of (C) if the minimum price of all shares sold on such Trading Day is
at least $7.00, 20% of the daily trading volume of the Common Stock on the Principal Market; (iv) the Shares; and (v) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested
directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith
during the Restricted Period, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset and shall provide to the
Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in
securities. Approved Stock Plan means any equity incentive plan, employee stock purchase plan or other employee benefit plan which has been approved by the board of directors of the Company prior to the date hereof pursuant to
which shares of Common Stock and standard options to purchase Common Stock may be issued to any employee, officer or director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such. 

(n) Passive Foreign Investment Company. During the Registration Period, the Company shall conduct its business, and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to conduct their respective businesses, in such a manner as will ensure that the Company will not be deemed to constitute a passive foreign investment company within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code. 

(o) Corporate Existence. So long as the Purchaser beneficially owns any Pre-Funded Warrants,
the Company shall not be party to any Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) unless the Company is in compliance with the applicable provisions governing Fundamental Transactions set
forth in the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

(p) Exercise Procedures. The form of Exercise Notice (as
defined in the Pre-Funded Warrant) included in the Pre-Funded Warrant sets forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchaser in order to exercise the Pre-Funded Warrant. The Company shall honor exercises of the Pre-Funded Warrant and shall deliver the Shares issuable upon exercise in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Pre-Funded Warrant. 

(q) Regulation M. The Company will
not take any action prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act, in connection with the distribution of the Securities contemplated hereby. 

(r) Registration Statement.

(i) Maintaining the Registration Statement. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement at all times while the Pre-Funded Warrants are outstanding (the Registration Period), except for any time during
which the SEC reviews any successor registration statement, post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, any supplement to the Prospectus Supplement, any successor prospectus supplement to the Registration Statement or other filing
necessary to register the offer and sale of the Pre-Funded Warrants. During the Registration Period, the Company shall notify the Purchaser promptly if (i) the Registration Statement shall cease to be
effective under the Securities Act, (ii) the Common Stock shall cease to be authorized for listing on the Principal Market, (iii) the Common Stock ceases to be registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act
or (iv) the Company fails to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act. 

(ii) Amendments and Other Filings. The Company shall (i) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including
post-effective amendments) and supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus Supplement or other related prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under
the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period; (ii) cause the related prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required prospectus supplement (subject to
the terms of this Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act; (iii) provide the Purchaser copies of all correspondence from and to the SEC relating to a Registration
Statement (provided that the Company may excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information). 

(iii) Effect of Failure to File Maintain Effectiveness of any Registration Statement. If (i) the Company fails to
maintain a Registration Statement covering the sale of the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants required to be covered thereby and required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this
Agreement or if a Registration Statement is not effective for any reason or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use for any reason and (ii) the Shares cannot be issued without any restrictive legend, then, the Company shall
enter into an exchange agreement with the Purchaser, pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, in order to allow the Purchaser to be able to sell the Shares. 

15 

5. 

REGISTER; TRANSFER AGENT. 

(a) Register. The Company shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice to each holder of Securities), a register for the Pre-Funded Warrants in which the Company shall record the name and address of the Person in whose name each
Pre-Funded Warrant has been issued (including the name and address of each transferee) and the number of Share issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants held by
such Person. The Company shall keep the register open and available at all times during business hours for inspection of the Purchaser or its legal representatives. 

(b) Transfer Agent. While the Pre-Funded Warrants remain outstanding, the Company shall
maintain a transfer agent that participates in FAST. Any fees (with respect to the transfer agent, counsel to the Company or otherwise) associated with the removal of any legends on any of the Securities shall be borne by the Company. 

6. 

CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATION TO SELL. 

(a) The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrantsto the Purchaser at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any
time in its sole discretion by providing the Purchaser with prior written notice thereof: 

(i) The Purchaser shall have
duly executed (as applicable) and delivered to the Company each of the items set forth in Section 1(c) of this Agreement. 

(ii) The Purchaser shall have delivered to the Company the Purchase Price in cash. 

(iii) The representations and warranties of the Purchaser shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date
when made and as of the Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such specific date), and the Purchaser shall have
performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Purchaser at or prior to the Closing Date. 

7. 

CONDITIONS TO THE PURCHASERS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE. 

(a) The obligation of the Purchaser hereunder to purchase the Sharesat the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the
Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Purchasers sole benefit and may be waived by the Purchaser at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Company with prior written notice
thereof: 

(i) The Company shall have duly executed (as applicable) and delivered to the Purchaser each of the items set
forth in Section 1(b) of this Agreement. 

(ii) Each and every representation and warranty of the Company shall be true
and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such
specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(iii) The Common Stock (A) shall be designated for quotation or listed (as applicable) on the Principal Market and
(B) shall not have been suspended, as of the Closing Date, by the SEC or the Principal Market from trading on the Principal Market nor shall suspension by the SEC or the Principal Market have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, in writing
by the SEC or the Principal Market. 

(iv) No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall
have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

(v) Since the date of execution of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that reasonably would have
or result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(vi) The Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser such other documents,
instruments or certificates relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as the Purchaser or its counsel may reasonably request. 

16 

8. 

TERMINATION. 

In the event that the Closing shall not have occurred within five (5) days of the date hereof, then the Purchaser shall have the right to
terminate its obligations under this Agreement at any time on or after the close of business on such date without liability of the Purchaser to the Company; provided, however, the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8 shall not
be available to the Purchaser if the failure of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to have been consummated by such date is the result of the Purchasers breach of this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Section 8 shall be
deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the terms and provisions of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its
obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. 

9. 

MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a) Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this
Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or under any of the other Transaction Documents or with any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to
preclude the Purchaser from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to the Purchaser or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the
Purchaser. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

(b) Counterparts. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. In the event that any
signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an e-mail which contains a portable document format (.pdf) file of an executed signature page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof. 

(c) Headings; Gender. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the
interpretation of, this Agreement. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including,
includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof and words of like
import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found. 

(d) Severability; Maximum Payment
Amounts. If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be
deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement so long as this Agreement as
so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair
the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or
any other Transaction Document (and without implication that the following is required or applicable), it is the intention of the parties that in no event shall amounts and value paid by the Company, or payable to or received by the Purchaser, under
the Transaction Documents (including without limitation, any amounts that would be characterized as interest under applicable law) exceed amounts permitted under any applicable law. Accordingly, if any obligation to pay, payment made to
the Purchaser, or collection by the Purchaser pursuant the Transaction Documents is finally judicially determined to be contrary to any such applicable law, such obligation to pay, payment or collection shall be deemed to have been made by mutual
mistake of the Purchaser and the Company and such amount shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by the applicable law. Such
adjustment shall be effected, to the extent necessary, by reducing or refunding, at the option of the Purchaser, the amount of interest or any other amounts 

17 

which would constitute unlawful amounts required to be paid or actually paid to the Purchaser under the Transaction Documents. For greater certainty, to the extent that any interest, charges,
fees, expenses or other amounts required to be paid to or received by the Purchaser under any of the Transaction Documents or related thereto are held to be within the meaning of interest or another applicable term to otherwise be
violative of applicable law, such amounts shall be pro-rated over the period of time to which they relate. 

(e) Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and
thereto and the instruments referenced herein and therein supersede all other prior oral or written agreements between the Purchaser, the Company, their affiliates and Persons acting on their behalf, including, without limitation, any transactions
by the Purchaser with respect to the Securities, and the other matters contained herein and therein, and this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and thereto and the instruments referenced herein
and therein contain the entire understanding of the parties solely with respect to the matters covered herein and therein; provided, however, nothing contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall (or shall be deemed
to) (i) have any effect on any agreements the Purchaser has entered into with, or any instruments the Purchaser has received from, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the date hereof with respect to any prior investment made by the
Purchaser in the Company or (ii) waive, alter, modify or amend in any respect any obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any rights of or benefits to the Purchaser or any other Person, in any agreement entered into prior to
the date hereof between or among the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and the Purchaser, or any instruments the Purchaser received from the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the date hereof, and all such agreements and
instruments shall continue in full force and effect. Except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Purchaser makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. For
clarification purposes, the Recitals and Definitions are part of this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Purchaser. No waiver shall be effective unless it is
in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party. As a material inducement for the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (x) no due diligence or other investigation
or inquiry conducted by the Purchaser, any of its advisors or any of its representatives shall affect the Purchasers right to rely on, or shall modify or qualify in any manner or be an exception to any of, the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (y) unless a provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document is expressly preceded by the phrase except as disclosed in the SEC Reports,
nothing contained in any of the SEC Reports shall affect the Purchasers right to rely on, or shall modify or qualify in any manner or be an exception to any of, the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or
any other Transaction Document. 

(f) Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be
given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by electronic mail (provided that such sent email is kept on
file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party does not receive an automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such e-mail could not be
delivered to such recipient); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The mailing addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Company: 

Veritone, Inc. 

1615 Platte
Street, 2nd Floor 

Denver, CO 80202 

Attention: Craig Gatarz, Chief Legal Officer 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Cooley LLP 

355 S. Grand
Avenue, 9th Floor 

Los Angeles, CA 90071 

Attention: John-Paul Motley 

If
to the Purchaser: 

To such address as has been delivered to the Company 

or to such other mailing address and/or e-mail address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient
party has specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication,
(B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders e-mail containing the time, date and recipients e-mail or (C) provided by an overnight
courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by e-mail or receipt from an overnight courier service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively. 

18 

(g) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns, including any purchasers of any of the Pre-Funded Warrants. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, including, without limitation, by way of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) (unless the Company is in compliance
with the applicable provisions governing Fundamental Transactions set forth in the Pre-Funded Warrants). The Purchaser may assign some or all of its rights hereunder in connection with any transfer of any of
its Securities without the consent of the Company, in which event such assignee shall be deemed to be a Purchaser hereunder with respect to such assigned rights. 

(h) No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted
successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, other than the Indemnitees referred to in Section 9(k). 

(i) Survival. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants shall survive the Closing. 

(j) Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall
execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby. 

(k) Indemnification. In consideration of the Purchasers execution and delivery of the Transaction
Documents and acquiring the Securities thereunder and in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under the Transaction Documents, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and each holder of any
Securities and all of their stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of the foregoing Persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and
expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified
Liabilities), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (i) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in any of the Transaction Documents, (ii) any
breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company contained in any of the Transaction Documents or (iii) any cause of action, suit, proceeding or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these
purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary) or which otherwise involves such Indemnitee that arises out of or results from (A) the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of any of the Transaction
Documents, (B) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities, or (C) the status of the Purchaser or holder of the Securities either as an
investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or as a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, as a party in interest or otherwise in any action or proceeding for injunctive or other
equitable relief), unless, with respect to this clause (iii), such action is based upon a material breach of Purchasers representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any conduct by Purchaser which is finally
judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and
satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law. 

(l) Construction. The language used
in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. No specific representation or warranty shall limit the generality or
applicability of a more general representation or warranty. Each and every reference to share prices, shares of Common Stock and any other numbers in this Agreement that relate to the Common Stock shall be automatically adjusted for any stock
splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions that occur with respect to the Common Stock after the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, for the avoidance
of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty against, or a prohibition of, any actions with respect to the borrowing of, arrangement to borrow, identification of the availability of, and/or securing of, securities
of the Company in order for the Purchaser (or its broker or other financial representative) to effect short sales or similar transactions in the future. 

(m) Remedies. The Purchaser and in the event of assignment by Purchaser of its rights and obligations hereunder, each holder of
Securities, shall have all rights and remedies set forth in the Transaction Documents and all rights and remedies which such holders have been granted at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights which such holders have
under any law. Any Person having any rights under any provision of this Agreement shall be entitled to enforce such rights specifically (without posting a bond or other security), to recover damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this
Agreement and to exercise all other rights granted by law. The remedies provided in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief). 

19 

(n) Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and
without limiting any similar provisions of) the Transaction Documents, whenever the Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the
periods therein provided, then the Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and
rights. 

(o) Payment Set Aside; Currency. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Purchaser hereunder or
pursuant to any of the other Transaction Documents or the Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights hereunder or thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in
full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all dollar amounts referred to in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are in United
States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and all amounts owing under this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the
U.S. Dollar equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Ratemeans, in relation to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Agreement,
the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation. 

[signature pages
follow] 

20 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Purchaser and the Company have caused their respective
signature page to this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY:

Veritone, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Michael Zemetra

Name: Michael Zemetra

Title: Chief Financial Officer

PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO VERITONE, INC. 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by its duly authorized signatory as of the date first indicated above. 

Name of Purchaser: ESOUSA GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC 

Signature of
Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/Michael Wachs

Name of Authorized Signatory: Michael
Wachs 

Title of Authorized Signatory: Managing Member 

Address for Notice to Purchaser: 

Esousa Group Holdings, LLC

211 East 43rd Street 

Suite 402 

New York, NY 10017 

Attn: Michael Wachs 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice): 

EIN Number, if applicable, will be provided under separate cover: ________________________ 

Exhibit A 

Form of Lock-Up Agreement 

Exhibit B 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d859534dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Veritone Announces Pricing of $20.3 Million Registered Direct Offering 

DENVER (BUSINESS WIRE) January 2, 2025 Veritone, Inc. (NASDAQ: VERI) (Veritone or the Company), a leader in
building human-centered enterprise AI solutions, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement providing for the purchase and sale of an aggregate of 8,023,716 shares of common stock (or
pre-funded warrants in lieu thereof) at a purchase price of $2.53 per share (or $2.52 for each pre-funded warrant) in a registered direct offering to
Esousa Group Holdings, LLC, a New York based family office. The pre-funded warrants have an exercise price of $0.01, are immediately exercisable, subject to certain limitations, and will have a term of five
years from the original issue date. The closing of the offering is expected to occur on or about January 3, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 

The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the offering are expected to be approximately $20.3 million, before deducting offering expenses payable
by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering, together with its existing cash and cash equivalents, for working capital and general corporate purposes including, but not limited to, capital expenditures, debt
service, repayment of indebtedness and other business opportunities and to further develop and market its AI platform and applications. 

The securities
described above are being offered and sold by the Company in a registered direct offering pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-280148) that was originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 12, 2024, and that became effective on June 21, 2024. The offering of the
securities in the registered direct offering is being made only by means of a base prospectus and prospectus supplement that forms a part of the effective registration statement. A final prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus
relating to the registered direct offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus, when available, may also
be obtained, when available, from the Company at 1615 Platte Street, 2nd Floor, Denver, Colorado, by phone at (888) 507-1737 or e-mail at investors@veritone.com. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a
solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. 

About Veritone 

Veritone (NASDAQ: VERI) builds human-centered enterprise AI solutions. Serving customers in the media, entertainment, public sector and talent acquisition
industries, Veritones software and services empower individuals at the worlds largest and most recognizable brands to run more efficiently, accelerate decision making and increase profitability. Veritones leading enterprise AI
platform, aiWARE, orchestrates an ever-growing ecosystem of machine learning models, transforming data sources into actionable intelligence. By blending human expertise with AI technology,
Veritone advances human potential to help organizations solve problems and achieve more than ever before, enhancing lives everywhere. To learn more, visit Veritone.com. 

Safe Harbor Statement 

This press release contains
forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements by Veritone relating to Veritones expectations regarding the completion and timing of the offering, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the offering
the proceeds that Veritone expects to receive from the offering and the intended use of proceeds from the offering. In addition, words such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate,
intend, plan, outlook, should, could, estimate, 

1 

confident or continue or the plural, negative or other variations thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements, and any statements
that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof and are based on managements current
assumptions, expectations, beliefs, and information. As such, Veritones actual results could differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statement as a result of various factors and risks. For a discussion of
these factors and risks, please refer to the risk factors included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, the Companys Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024, and the Companys other filings with the SEC. In light of the significant uncertainties
inherent in the forward-looking information included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by Veritone or any other person that Veritones objectives or plans will be achieved. The forward-looking
statements contained herein reflect Veritones beliefs, estimates, and predictions as of the date hereof, and Veritone undertakes no obligation to revise or update the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or
circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events for any reason, except as required by law. 

Contacts 

Company: 

Mike Zemetra 

Chief Financial Officer 

Veritone, Inc. 

investors@veritone.com 

IR Agency: 

Cate Goldsmith 

Prosek Partners 

914-815-7678

cgoldsmith@prosek.com 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>veri-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>veri-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>veri-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g859534g0102115545643.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001615165

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Veritone, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38093

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-1161641

Entity Address, Address Line One 1615 Platte Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 2nd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Denver

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80202

City Area Code (888)

Local Phone Number 507-1737

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol VERI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.veritone.com//20250102/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d859534d8k.htm 
veri-20250102.xsd 
veri-20250102_lab.xml 
veri-20250102_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-000140-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d859534d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001615165 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

false 
0001615165 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
Veritone, Inc. 
DE 
001-38093 
47-1161641 
1615 Platte Street 
2nd Floor 
Denver 
CO 
80202 
(888) 
507-1737 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
VERI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>