<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-003834.txt : 20250115
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-003834.hdr.sgml : 20250115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250115161507
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-003834
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250108
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002027708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981576503
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42464
		FILM NUMBER:		25533065

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129385000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0227637-8k_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000202770800020277082025-01-082025-01-08iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 15, 2025 (January 8, 2025)

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42464 98-1576503

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

110 East 59th Street

New York, NY10022

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 938-5000

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share CEPO The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. Other Events. 

On January 8, 2025, Cantor Equity Partners I,
Inc. (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO) of 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
par value $0.0001 per share (Class A ordinary Share and such shares sold in the IPO, the Public Shares). The
Public Shares were sold at a price of $10.00 per Public Share, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $200,000,000.

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant
to a private placement shares purchase agreement with Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC (the Sponsor), the Company completed the
private sale (the Private Placement) of 500,000 Class A ordinary shares (the Private Placement Shares) to
the Sponsor at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Placement Share, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $5,000,000.

A total of $200,000,000, or $10.00 per Public
Share, comprised of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee.

An audited balance sheet as of January 8, 2025
reflecting the receipt of the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement has been issued by the Company and is included as Exhibit
99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet as of January 8, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

By: /s/ Jane Novak

Name: Jane Novak

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Dated: January 15, 2025 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022763701ex99-1_cantor1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED BALANCE SHEET AS OF JANUARY 8, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Balance Sheet F-3

Notes to Balance Sheet F-4

F-1

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.:

Opinion on the Financial Statement

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. (the Company) as of January 8, 2025 and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the financial statement). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of January 8, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

The financial statement is the responsibility
of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statement based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion.

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We have served as the Companys auditor since 2024.

New York, New York

January 15, 2025

F-2

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

BALANCE SHEET

January 8, 2025

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash $ 388,446 

Total Current Assets 388,446 

Cash held in Trust Account 200,000,000 

Total Assets $ 200,388,446 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities $ 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 20,000,000 shares at redemption value of $10.15 per share 203,000,000 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized, 500,000 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 20,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 50 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized, 5,000,000 shares issued and outstanding 500 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit (2,612,104 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (2,611,554 )

Total Liabilities, Commitments and Contingencies and Shareholders Deficit $ 200,388,446 

F-3

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Notes to Balance Sheet

1. Description of Business and Operations

Description of Business Cantor
Equity Partners I, Inc. (the Company), formerly known as CF International Acquisition Corp. II, was incorporated on November 11,
2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination).

Although the Company is
not limited to a particular industry or sector for purpose of consummating the Business Combination, the Company intends to focus its
search primarily on companies operating in the financial services, healthcare, real estate services, technology and software industries.
The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early
stage and emerging growth companies.

As of January 8, 2025, the
Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity through January 8, 2025 relates to the Companys formation and the initial
public offering (the Initial Public Offering) described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until
after the completion of the Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on cash and investments in U.S Treasury securities or a money market fund from the net proceeds derived from the Initial Public
Offering. The Company has selected December 31st as its fiscal year-end.

The Companys sponsor
is Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC (the Sponsor). The registration statement for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective
on December 20, 2024. On January 8, 2025, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares and such Class A ordinary shares issued in the Initial Public
Offering, the Public Shares) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of $200,000,000,
as described in Note 3.

Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 500,000 Class A ordinary shares (the Private Placement
Shares) to the Sponsor at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Share in a private placement (the Private Placement),
generating gross proceeds of $5,000,000, as described in Note 4.

The net proceeds of the
Private Placement were deposited into the Trust Account (as defined below) and will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares
subject to the requirements of applicable law (see Note 4).

Transaction costs amounted
to approximately $4,500,000, consisting of $4,100,000 of underwriting fees and approximately $400,000 of other costs.

Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering on January 8, 2025, an amount of $200,000,000 ($10.00 per Public Share) from the net proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in a trust account (Trust Account) located in the United States at
J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, which may be invested only in U.S.
government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
or held as cash or cash items (including in demand deposit accounts) at a bank, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i)
the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. As of January 8, 2025, the
net proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement were held in cash and subsequently will be invested in
U.S. Treasury securities or a money market fund.

Initial Business Combination The
Companys management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating the
Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete the Business Combination successfully. The Company
must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust
Account (excluding taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the Business Combination.
However, the Company will only complete the Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the
outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

F-4

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Notes to Balance Sheet

1. Description of Business and Operations
(cont.)

The Company will provide
the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
of their Public Shares upon the completion of the Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholders meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek
shareholder approval of the Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The
Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially
anticipated to be $10.15 per Public Share (inclusive of $0.15 per redeemed share to be funded pursuant to the Sponsor Note (as defined
below in Note 4) in the applicable Redemption Event (as defined below in Note 4))). These Public Shares are recorded at a redemption
value and classified as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Boards (FASB) Accounting
Standards Codification (ASC) 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480). In such case,
the Company will proceed with the Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons,
the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing the Business Combination. If, however, shareholder
approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons,
the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the
tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the Business Combination, or if they vote at all. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with the Business
Combination, the Sponsor and the Companys directors and officers have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in
Note 4), their Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of
the Business Combination (except that any Public Shares such parties may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), would not be voted in favor of approving the Business
Combination). In addition, the Sponsor and the Companys directors and officers have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of the
Business Combination.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of
the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Public
Shares, without the prior consent of the Company.

The Sponsor and the Companys
officers and directors have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles (i) that would
affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Business Combination or to
redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete the Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment.

Failure to Consummate
the Business Combination The Company has until January 8, 2027, or until such earlier liquidation date as the Companys
board of directors may approve (the Combination Period), unless the Combination Period is extended with the consent of
the Companys shareholders pursuant to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles, the Company will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, divided by the number
of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and the Companys board
of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

F-5

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Notes to Balance Sheet

1. Description of Business and Operations
(cont.)

The Sponsor and the Companys
directors and officers have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares and the Private Placement Shares
if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of the Companys
directors and officers acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within the Combination
Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution
(including Trust Account assets) will be less than $10.15 per share (inclusive of $0.15 per redeemed share to be funded pursuant to the
Sponsor Note in the applicable Redemption Event). In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to
be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account.
This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriters of
the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers,
except for the Companys independent registered public accounting firm and the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial
statement is presented in U.S. dollars, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (U.S. GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

Emerging Growth Company

The Company is an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2022, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards.
The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out
of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for
public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statement with another public company that
is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

F-6

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Notes to Balance Sheet

2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies (cont.)

Use of Estimates

Preparation of the financial
statement in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Companys management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.

Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Such estimates may be subject to change as more current information
becomes available and accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all
short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had no cash
equivalents in its operating account or the Trust Account as of January 8, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of January 8, 2025, the assets in the Trust
Account were held in cash.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The Company accounts for
its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A ordinary shares subject
to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A
ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or
subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Companys control) are classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. All of the Public Shares feature certain
redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Companys control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events.
Accordingly, as of January 8, 2025, 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity
outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. The Company recognizes any subsequent changes
in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares to the redemption
value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion
from initial book value to redemption amount value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares. This method would view the end of the reporting
period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares
also resulted in charges against Additional paid-in capital and Accumulated deficit.

Offering Costs

Offering costs consist of
legal fees incurred through the financial statement date that are directly related to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs that
amounted to approximately $4,500,000 were charged against the carrying value of the Public Shares upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering.

Income Taxes

Income taxes are accounted
for using the asset and liability method as prescribed under ASC 740, Income Taxes (ASC 740). Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to basis differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis.

F-7

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Notes to Balance Sheet

2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies (cont.)

ASC 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statement. The Company provides
for uncertain tax positions, based upon managements assessment of whether a tax benefit is more likely than not to be sustained
upon examination by tax authorities. Management is required to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained
upon examination by tax authorities, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits
of the position. Because significant assumptions are used in determining whether a tax benefit is more likely than not to be sustained
upon examination by tax authorities, actual results may differ from our estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

No amounts were accrued
for the payment of interest and penalties as of January 8, 2025. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could
result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. As of January 8, 2025, the Company has not recorded
any amounts related to uncertain tax positions.

The Company is considered
an exempted Cayman Islands company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands
or the United States. As such, the Company recorded no income tax provision for the period presented.

Concentration of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in financial institutions which at times may
exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation maximum coverage limit of $250,000. As of January 8, 2025, the Company has not experienced
losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys
assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, approximates the carrying
amounts presented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment
Disclosures. The guidance was issued in response to requests from investors for companies to disclose more information about their
financial performance at the segment level. The ASU does not change how a public entity identifies its operating segments, aggregates
them or applies the quantitative thresholds to determine its reportable segments. The standard will require a public entity to disclose
significant segment expenses and other segment items on an annual and interim basis, and to provide in interim periods all disclosures
about a reportable segments profit or loss and assets that are currently required annually. Public entities with a single reportable
segment will be required to provide the new disclosures and all the disclosures currently required under ASC 280, Segment Reporting.
The new guidance became effective for the Companys financial statements to be issued for the interim and annual periods beginning
on January 1, 2025. The adoption of the new standard did not have an impact on the Companys financial statement.

In March 2024, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2024-02, Codification Improvements Amendments to Remove References to the Concepts Statements.
The Conceptual Framework establishes concepts that the FASB considers in developing standards. The ASU was issued to remove references
to the Conceptual Framework in the Codification. The FASB noted that references to the Concepts Statements in the Codification could
have implied that the Concepts Statements are authoritative. Also, some of the references removed were to Concepts Statements that are
superseded. The Company adopted the standard on the required effective date beginning on January 1, 2025 using a prospective transition
method for new transactions recognized on or after the adoption date. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on
the Companys financial statement.

New Accounting Pronouncement

In December 2023, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. The standard improves the transparency
of income tax disclosures by requiring consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and
income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. The ASU also includes certain other amendments to improve the effectiveness of income
tax disclosures. The new guidance will become effective for the Companys financial statements issued for annual reporting periods
beginning on January 1, 2025, will require prospective presentation with an option to apply it retrospectively for each period presented,
and early adoption is permitted. Management is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard on the Companys financial statement.

F-8

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Notes to Balance Sheet

2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies (cont.)

SEC Rule on Climate-Related Disclosures

In 2024, the SEC adopted final
rules relating to The Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures for Investors, that would require registrants
to provide climate-related disclosures in a note to their audited financial statements. The disclosures under the final rules would include
certain effects of severe weather events and other natural conditions, including the aggregate amounts and where in the financial statements
they are presented. If carbon offsets or renewable energy credits or certificates (RECs) are deemed a material component
of the registrants plans to achieve its disclosed climate-related targets, registrants would be required to disclose information
about the offsets and RECs. Registrants would also be required to disclose whether and how (1) exposures to risks and uncertainties associated
with, or known impacts from, severe weather events and other natural conditions and (2) any disclosed climate-related targets or transition
plans materially impacted the estimates and assumptions used in preparing the financial statements. Finally, registrants would be required
to disclose additional contextual information about the above disclosures, including how each financial statement effect was derived and
the accounting policy decisions made to calculate the effects, for the most recently completed fiscal year and, if previously disclosed
or required to be disclosed, for the historical fiscal year for which audited consolidated financial statements are included in the filing.
Subsequent to the issuance of the final rules, the SEC has released an order staying the final rules pending judicial review of all of
the petitions challenging the rules. Absent the stay, the rules would have been effective for the Company upon its registration under
the Exchange Act on January 6, 2025 and phased in starting in 2027. Management is currently monitoring the developments pertaining to
the final rules and any resulting potential impacts on the Companys financial statement.

The Companys management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a
material effect on the Companys financial statement.

3. Initial Public Offering

Pursuant to the Initial
Public Offering, the Company sold 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at a price of $10.00 per share.

4. Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares

In November 2020, the
Sponsor purchased 14,375,000 Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 (Class B ordinary shares and
such shares purchased by the Sponsor, the Founder Shares), for a purchase price of $25,000. On May 21, 2024, the Sponsor
surrendered, for no consideration, 9,375,000 Class B ordinary shares, which the Company cancelled, resulting in a decrease in the
total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding from 14,375,000 shares to 5,000,000 shares. The Founder Shares will automatically
convert into non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, as described
in Note 5, and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in Note 6.

The Sponsor has agreed,
subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one
year after the completion of the Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the Business Combination, (x) if the last reported
sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20- trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share
exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property.

Private Placement Shares

Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased 500,000 Private Placement Shares at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement
Share ($5,000,000 in the aggregate) in the Private Placement.

The net proceeds from the
Private Placement have been added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.

The Sponsor has entered
into a letter agreement with the Company pursuant to which it has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to the Private Placement
Shares in connection with the completion of the Business Combination or otherwise.

F-9

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Notes to Balance Sheet

4. Related Party Transactions (cont.)

The Sponsor and the Companys
officers and directors have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Shares
until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination.

Underwriter

The lead underwriter is an affiliate of the Sponsor
(see Note 5).

Related Party Loans

On May 21, 2024, the
Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering pursuant to
a promissory note (the Pre-IPO Note). The Pre-IPO Note was non-interest bearing and was repaid upon completion of the Initial
Public Offering. As of January 8, 2025, after the Initial Public Offering, the Company had no outstanding amounts under the Pre-IPO Note.

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination after the Initial Public Offering and prior to the Business Combination, the Sponsor
has committed up to $1,750,000 to be provided to the Company to fund the Companys expenses relating to investigating and selecting
a target business and other working capital requirements, including $10,000 per month for office space, administrative and shared personnel
support services that will be paid to the Sponsor (the Sponsor Loan). The Sponsor Loan does not bear interest and will
be convertible at the Sponsors option into Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of $10.00 per share no earlier than 60
days after the Initial Public Offering. Otherwise, the Sponsor Loan would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account.
As of January 8, 2025, the Company had no borrowings under the Sponsor Loan.

If the Sponsor Loan is insufficient
to cover the working capital requirements of the Company, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Companys
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (Working Capital Loans).
The Working Capital Loans will be convertible at the Sponsors option into Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of $10.00
per share no earlier than 60 days after the Initial Public Offering. Otherwise, if the Company completes the Business Combination, the
Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working
Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that the Business Combination does not close,
the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the
Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if
any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would be repaid upon
consummation of the Business Combination, without interest. As of January 8, 2025, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital
Loans.

In addition, the Sponsor
has agreed to lend the Company up to $3,000,000 pursuant to a promissory note (the Sponsor Note) in connection with the
consummation of the Business Combination, an extension of time for the Company to consummate the Business Combination or the Companys
liquidation (each, a Redemption Event), such that an amount equal to $0.15 per Public Share being redeemed in connection
with the applicable Redemption Event will be added to the Trust Account and paid to the holders of the applicable redeemed Public Shares
on such Redemption Event. The Sponsor Note will not bear interest and will be convertible at the Sponsors option into Class A
ordinary shares at a conversion price of $10.00 per share no earlier than 60 days after the date of the Initial Public Offering. Otherwise,
the Sponsor Note will be repaid by the Company at the closing of the Business Combination. If the Company is unable to consummate a Business
Combination, the Sponsor Note would be repaid only out of funds held outside of the Trust Account. The Sponsor has waived any claims
against the Trust Account in connection with the Sponsor Note.

The Sponsor pays expenses
on the Companys behalf. The Company reimburses the Sponsor. The unpaid balance is included in Payable to related parties on the
Companys balance sheet. As of January 8, 2025, the Company had no accounts payable outstanding to the Sponsor for such expenses.

Administrative Support Agreement

The Company has agreed to
pay $10,000 a month to the Sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. Services commenced on January
7, 2025, the date the Class A ordinary shares were first listed on the Nasdaq, and will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation
by the Company of the Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company.

F-10

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Notes to Balance Sheet

5. Commitments and Contingencies

Registration Rights

The holders of Founder Shares
(only after conversion of such shares to Class A ordinary shares), Private Placement Shares and any Class A ordinary shares
issued upon conversion of up to $1,750,000 in working capital loans, up to $3,000,000 pursuant to the Sponsor Note and any additional
loans are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement that was signed in connection with the Initial
Public Offering. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. The Company will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

Upon the completion of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company paid Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (CF&Co.), the underwriter and an affiliate
of the Sponsor, an underwriting discount of $4,000,000. The Company also engaged a qualified independent underwriter to participate in
the preparation of the registration statement and exercise the usual standards of due diligence in respect thereto. The
Company paid the independent underwriter a fee of $100,000 upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in consideration for its
services and expenses as the qualified independent underwriter. The independent underwriter received no other compensation.

Business Combination Marketing Agreement

The Company has engaged
CF&Co. as an advisor in connection with the Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders
to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors
that are interested in purchasing the Companys securities and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in
connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay CF&Co. a cash fee of $7,000,000 for such services upon the consummation
of the Business Combination.

Risks and Uncertainties

Management continues to
evaluate the impact of the military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East on the financial markets and on the industry, and has concluded
that while it is reasonably possible that the conflicts could have an effect on the Companys financial position and/or search
for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statement. The financial statement
does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

6. Shareholders Deficit

Class A Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001
per share. As of January 8, 2025, there were 500,000 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding 20,000,000 shares
subject to possible redemption.

Class B Ordinary
Shares The Company is authorized to issue 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a par
value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. In November 2020, the
Company issued 14,375,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor. On May 21, 2024, the Sponsor surrendered, for no consideration,
9,375,000 Class B ordinary shares, which the Company cancelled, resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary
shares outstanding from 14,375,000 shares to 5,000,000 shares. As a result, 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares were issued and outstanding
as of January 8, 2025.

F-11

Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Notes to Balance Sheet

6. Shareholders Deficit (cont.)

Prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment and removal
of directors and be entitled to vote on continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution
required to adopt new constitutional documents as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation to a jurisdiction
outside the Cayman Islands).

Other than as described
above, holders of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters
submitted to a vote of shareholders except as required by law.

The Class B ordinary
shares will automatically convert into non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the Business
Combination or at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment.
Class A ordinary shares issued in connection with the conversion of Class B ordinary shares issued prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination are subject to the same restrictions as applied to Class B ordinary shares prior to such conversion,
including, among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial
business combination.

In the case that additional
Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public
Offering and related to the closing of the Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A
ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such
adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion
of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of all
ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination).

Preference Shares The
Company is authorized to issue 5,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Companys board of directors. As of January 8, 2025, there
were no preference shares issued or outstanding.

7. Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated subsequent
events and transactions that occurred after the financial statement date, through the date that the financial statement was issued. The
Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statement other than
as described below.

On January 9, 2025, the
Company transferred the $200,000,000 of net proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement to its trust
account held at CF Secured, LLC, an affiliate of the Sponsor, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee.
The $200,000,000 was invested in a money market fund that holds U.S. government debt securities.

F-12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cepo-20250108.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cepo-20250108_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cepo-20250108_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cepo-20250108_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 08, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 08, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42464

Entity Registrant Name CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0002027708

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1576503

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 110 East 59th Street

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 938-5000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CEPO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cantorequitypartnersIinc/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cepo-20250108.xsd 
cepo-20250108_lab.xml 
cepo-20250108_pre.xml 
ea0227637-8k_cantor1.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-003834-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0227637-8k_cantor1_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002027708 

2025-01-08 
2025-01-08 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002027708 
8-K 
2025-01-08 
CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. 
E9 
001-42464 
98-1576503 
110 East 59th Street 
New York 
NY 
10022 
212 
938-5000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
CEPO 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>