<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001001614-25-000015.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001001614-25-000015.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326161541
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001001614-25-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250324
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Riley Exploration Permian, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001001614
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				870267438
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15555
		FILM NUMBER:		25773363

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		29 E. RENO AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		405-415-8699

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		29 E. RENO AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TENGASCO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960612
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>repx-20250324.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?repx-20250324

0001001614FALSE00010016142025-03-242025-03-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 24, 2025

Riley Exploration Permian, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-15555 87-0267438

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

29 E. Reno Avenue, Suite 500

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma73104

Address of Principal Executive Offices, Including Zip Code)

405-415-8699

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share REPX NYSE American

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company o

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Form 8-K contains certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included herein or incorporated herein by reference are forward-looking statements. Included among forward-looking statements are, among other things:

statements that we expect to commence or complete construction of each phase of our midstream buildout plan by certain dates, or at all due to the uncertainties involved in projects of this nature;

statements regarding future levels of natural gas production or our ability to successfully execute our development plan for the New Mexico Assets;

statements relating to the anticipated costs related to our midstream buildout plan, which are subject to change due to cost overruns, change orders, necessity to acquire rights-of-way, delays or costs necessitated by regulatory requirements and/or approvals, adverse weather events and increases in prices of construction materials or labor;

statements that the systems and facilities that we intend to build will have certain characteristics, including volume capacity or the feasibility and cost of pipeline interconnections;

statements regarding our midstream business strategy, our midstream business plans (including strategic opportunities) or any other plans, forecasts or objectives any or all of which are subject to change;

statements about our access to sufficient capital to fund the midstream buildout plan, our development plan or any related matters; and

any other statements that relate to non-historical or future information.

These forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of terms and phrases such as achieve, anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, forecast, plan, project, propose, strategy and similar terms and phrases. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties, and these expectations may prove to be incorrect. 

These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance or condition and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievement to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 8-K.

You should read this Form 8-K and the documents that we reference herein as well as the Companys public filings completely and with the understanding that our actual results may differ materially from what we expect as expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks and uncertainties in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and our subsequent filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Form 8-K regardless of the time of delivery of this Form 8-K. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after the date of this Form 8-K.

Item 5.02.Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

Annual Cash Short Term Incentive Plan

On March 24, 2025, the Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors (Board) of Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. (the Company) approved a 2025 annual short-term incentive compensation plan (the STIP) for the Companys executive officers, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer (collectively the Named Executive Officers). The STIP is intended to be consistent with the Companys peer group and more closely align the executive compensation program with the overall performance of the Company and the interests of the Companys stockholders. 

Payouts on awards range from 50% to 200% of target based on attainment of certain metrics relating to oil production, lease operating expenses and general and administrative expenses (non-stock), upstream free cash flow, and health, safety and environmental (including total recordable incident rate, spill intensity and flare intensity), each with pre-established threshold, target and maximum performance goals. The targets as percentage of base salary for each Named Executive Officer are set forth in the table below:

Name FY2025 STIP Target as %

of Base Salary

Bobby D. Riley 100%

Philip Riley 80%

The Committee also established annual incentive targets for each Named Executive Officer based upon qualitative analysis of the Named Executive Officers position, responsibilities, and achievement of strategic objectives.

Long-Term Incentive Program

On March 24, 2025, the Committee approved the following long term equity incentive awards for 2025 (each a 2025 LTI Award) to the Named Executive Officers to be issued under the Amended and Restated 2021 Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan (the LTIP) whereby 70% of each 2025 LTI Award will consist of time based restricted stock and be issued pursuant to the Companys previously filed form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Time Vesting - Named Executive Officers) and 30% of each 2025 LTI Award will consist of performance based restricted stock and be issued pursuant to a newly-adopted form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Performance Vesting):

Name Target Number of Performance-Based Shares of Restricted Stock Time-Based Shares of

Restricted Stock Awarded

Bobby D. Riley 33,679 78,584

Philip Riley 15,252 35,588

The time-based portion of each 2025 LTI Award will be issued under the LTIP as shares of restricted stock with a grant date March 24, 2025 (the Grant Date) calculated using the 10-day VWAP of the Company's stock price for the period ending on the last business day prior to Grant Date and subject to a 3-year ratable vesting period using a vesting date of April 1st during each year of such vesting period, provided that the Named Executive Officer maintains continuous service with the Company through such date.

The performance-based portion of each 2025 LTI Award will be issued under the LTIP as shares of restricted stock on the Grant Date calculated using the 10-day VWAP of the Company's stock price for the period ending on the last business day prior to the Grant Date with a three-year cliff vesting schedule ending on April 1, 2028 based on the Companys achievement of target metrics for total shareholder return performance set by the Committee relative to the Companys peer group during the applicable performance period, provided that the Named Executive Officer maintains continuous service with the Company through the end of the relevant performance period. Payouts for the Named Executive Officers range from 0% to 200% of target based on attainment of the pre-established metrics

The foregoing description of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Performance Vesting) contained herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Performance Vesting), a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Amended and Restated Employment Agreements

On March 24, 2025, the Committee approved a form of amended and restated employment agreement (the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement) to supersede and replace the previously filed employment agreements between the Company and each of the Named Executive Officers. 

Each Amended and Restated Employment Agreement will be effective as of April 8, 2025 and provides for an initial term of two years, with automatic renewals thereafter. Each of the Amended and Restated Employment Agreements (i) sets forth the material terms and conditions of employment, including base salary, employee benefit plan participation, severance and change in control benefits (ii) grants each Named Executive Officer the right to receive discretionary annual short-term incentive compensation as determined by the Committee for each fiscal year during the term, and (iii) grants each Named Executive Officer the right to receive discretionary prospective long-term incentive compensation under the LTIP, as determined by the Committee for each fiscal year during the term. Additionally, each Amended and Restated Employment Agreement includes certain restrictive covenants that generally prohibit the Named Executive Officer from (i) competing against the Company, (ii) disclosing information that is confidential to the Company and its subsidiaries and (iii) from soliciting or hiring the Companys employees and those of its subsidiaries or soliciting the Companys customers. 

The foregoing description of the Amended and Restated Employment Agreements contained herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the copies of the Amended and Restated Employment Agreements for each of Bobby D. Riley and Philip Riley which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2. and Exhibit 10.3, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

10.1 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Performance Vesting)

10.2 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated March 26, 2025 with an effective date of April 8, 2025 by and between Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. and Bobby D. Riley.

10.3 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated March 26, 2025 with an effective date of April 8, 2025 by and between Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. and Philip Riley.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

RILEY EXPLORATION PERMIAN, INC.

Date: March 26, 2025 By: /s/ Philip Riley

Philip Riley

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>blankformrepxltipperforman.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

AMENDED AND RESTATED RILEY EXPLORATION PERMIAN, INC.

2021 LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT

(Performance Vesting)

Grant Date: 

________________ (the Grant Date)

Name of Grantee: 

________________ (the Grantee or you)

Maximum Number of Restricted Shares subject to Award: 

________________ (the Restricted Shares)

Target Number of Restricted Shares 

________________ (the Target Award)

This Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Performance Vesting) (Agreement) is made and entered into as of the Grant Date by and between Riley Exploration Permian, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and you.

WHEREAS, the Company adopted the Amended and Restated Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan), under which the Company is authorized to grant equity incentive awards to employees, directors and service providers of the Company;

WHEREAS, the Company, in order to induce you to enter into and to continue and dedicate service to the Company and to materially contribute to the success of the Company, agrees to grant you this award of Restricted Shares;

WHEREAS, you acknowledge that a copy of the Plan has been furnished to you and shall be deemed a part of this Agreement as if fully set forth herein and the terms capitalized but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan; and

WHEREAS, you desire to accept the award of Restricted Shares granted pursuant to this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein and for other valuable consideration hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows:

1.The Grant. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company hereby grants you, effective as of the Grant Date, as a matter of separate inducement and not in lieu of any salary or other compensation for your services to the Company, an equity award (the Award) consisting of up to the number of Restricted Shares set forth above in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan and this Agreement. 

2.Escrow of Restricted Shares. The Company shall evidence the Restricted Shares in the manner that it deems appropriate. The Company may issue in your name a certificate or certificates representing the Restricted Shares and retain such certificate(s) in escrow (or cause 

such Restricted Shares to be held in book-entry form with the Companys transfer agent) until the restrictions on such Restricted Shares expire as described in Section 5 of this Agreement or the Restricted Shares are forfeited as described in Section 4 and 5 of this Agreement. If the Company certificates the Restricted Shares, you shall execute one or more irrevocable stock powers in substantially the form set forth on Exhibit A (a Stock Power) in blank for those certificates and deliver those stock powers to the Company. The Company shall hold the Restricted Shares and the related stock powers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, if applicable, until such time as (a) a certificate or certificates for the Restricted Shares are delivered to you, (b) the Restricted Shares are otherwise transferred to you free of restrictions, or (c) the Restricted Shares are canceled and forfeited pursuant to this Agreement. 

3.Ownership of Restricted Shares. From and after the time the Restricted Shares are issued in your name, you will be entitled to all the rights of absolute ownership of the Restricted Shares, including the right to vote such shares and to receive dividends thereon if, as, and when declared by the Board, subject, however, to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company will retain custody of all dividends and distributions, if any (Retained Distributions), made or declared on the Restricted Shares (and such Retained Distributions shall be subject to forfeiture and the same restrictions, terms, vesting and other conditions as are applicable to the Restricted Shares) until such time, if ever, as the Restricted Shares (or a portion thereof) with respect to which such Retained Distributions shall have been made, paid or declared shall have become vested, and such Retained Distributions shall not bear interest or be segregated in a separate account. As soon as practicable, but no event later than sixty (60) days, following the lapse of the Forfeiture Restrictions (defined below) on such Restricted Shares (or a portion thereof), any Retained Distributions owed with respect to such vested Restricted Shares shall be delivered to the Grantee or to the Grantees legal guardian or representative, as applicable.

4.Restrictions; Forfeiture. The Restricted Shares are restricted in that they may not be sold, transferred or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until these restrictions are removed or expire as described in Section 5 of this Agreement. The Restricted Shares are also restricted in the sense that they may be forfeited to the Company (the Forfeiture Restrictions). You hereby agree that if the Restricted Shares are forfeited, as provided in Section 5, the Company shall have the right to deliver the Restricted Shares to the Companys transfer agent for, at the Companys election, cancellation, transfer to the Company, or return to the status of reserved Plan shares available for re-issuance under the Plan.

5.Vesting; Expiration of Restrictions and Risk of Forfeiture. 

(a)Vesting Upon Attainment of Performance Goals. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Forfeiture Restrictions on the Restricted Shares (or a portion thereof) will lapse and the Restricted Shares (or a portion thereof) will vest and no longer be subject to forfeiture on April 1st following the end of the Performance Period (the Vesting Date) subject to: (i) the achievement of the performance goals set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto (the Performance Goals) and (ii) your continuous employment or service relationship with the Company or any of its Affiliates from the Grant Date through the last day of the Performance Period (the Service Requirement). The number of Restricted Shares that vest on the Vesting Date under this Agreement (the Earned Amount) shall be determined by the Committee in its sole good faith discretion upon certification of the level of achievement of the Performance Goals with respect to the Performance Period and any remaining unvested Restricted Shares shall be null and void and forfeited to the Company for no consideration as of the Vesting Date. 

(b)Forfeiture Upon Termination by Company for Cause or by Grantee without Good Reason. If your employment or service relationship with the Company or its 

2

Affiliates is terminated at any time by the Company or its Affiliates for Cause or by you without Good Reason prior to the Vesting Date, then any portion of the Target Amount or Earned Amount (if any) (and all rights arising from such unearned portion of the Target Amount or such portion of the Earned Amount and from being a holder thereof) will terminate automatically without any further action by the Company and all Restricted Shares granted hereunder, irrespective of vesting status and whether the Forfeiture Restrictions have lapsed, shall, without further notice, become null and void and all such Restricted Shares shall be forfeited to the Company as of the date of such termination for no consideration.

(c)Acceleration Upon Death, Inability to Perform. In the event your termination of employment or service relationship with the Company or its Affiliates prior to the end of the Performance Period is due to your death or Inability to Perform, then, at the end of the Performance Period based on and to the extent to which the Company has satisfied the Performance Goals, which shall be determined by the Committee in its sole good faith discretion, as of the Vesting Date, the Forfeiture Restrictions on the Earned Amount will lapse and any remaining unvested Restricted Shares shall be null and void and forfeited to the Company for no consideration.

(d)Acceleration upon Termination by Company without Cause, or by Grantee with Good Reason. If your employment or service relationship with the Company or its Affiliates is terminated by the Company or its Affiliates without Cause (defined below) or by you for Good Reason (defined below), in each event prior to the end of the Performance Period, then, a pro-rated portion of the Earned Amount will become vested as of the Vesting Date based on and to the extent to which the Company has satisfied the Performance Goals, which shall be determined by the Committee in its sole good faith discretion, with such portion determined by multiplying the Earned Amount by a fraction, (1) the numerator of which equals the number of calendar months that you were employed or providing services to the Company or its Affiliates during the Performance Period and (2) the denominator of which equals the number of calendar months in the Performance Period. Any remaining unvested Restricted Shares shall be null and void and forfeited to the Company for no consideration as of the Vesting Date.

(e)Change in Control. If you are employed by the Company on the CIC Effective Date (defined below) and your employment or service relationship with the Company or its Affiliates is terminated on or before the six-month anniversary of the CIC Effective Date by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason, or if the Restricted Shares are not continued or assumed by the surviving or successor entity or parent thereof on terms identical to the terms set forth herein on the CIC Effective Date, you will be deemed to have earned and vest in the number of Restricted Shares equal to the greater of (i) the Target Award (as defined above) and (ii) the actual number of Restricted Shares that would have been vested and earned if the last day of the Performance Period had been the CIC Effective Date.

(f)Post-Termination Forfeiture. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if the Grantee ceases to be employed by a Company or its Affiliates for any reason other than for Cause and the Board, within one (1) year after such termination, determines that (i) Grantee has or had failed to abide by his, her or its continuing obligations to the Company or its Affiliates with respect to confidential information, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement or intellectual property under any employment agreement or pursuant to any other of Grantees contracts or other obligations with or to the Company or its Affiliates, or (ii) Cause exists or existed at any time on, prior to, or after such termination, then, the Grantee shall immediately forfeit without consideration all of the outstanding Restricted Shares and all rights arising from such Restricted Shares and from being a holder thereof.

(g)Effect of Other Agreements. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, in the event of any inconsistency between this Section 5 and any employment, 

3

severance or change in control agreement between you and the Company or a similar plan or arrangement sponsored or maintained by the Company in which you participate, the terms of Section 5 shall control.

(h)Definitions. Notwithstanding the definitions in the Plan and solely for purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall be defined below:

(i)Cause shall mean any act or omission of Grantee that constitutes any: (i) failure to abide by his or her obligations to the Company or its Affiliates with respect to any confidential information, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement or intellectual property provision under any employment agreement or pursuant to any other of Grantees contracts or other obligations with or to the Company or its Affiliates, (ii) breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the Company or its Affiliates, (iii) misappropriation of any funds, property, or business opportunity of the Company or its Affiliates, (iv) illegal use or distribution of drugs or any abuse of alcohol in any manner that adversely affects Grantees performance, (v) fraud upon the Company or its Affiliates or bad faith, dishonest, or disloyal acts or omissions toward the Company or its Affiliates, (vi) commission, indictment, or conviction of any felony or any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, or (vii) other acts or omissions contrary to the best interests of the Company or Affiliates which has caused, or is likely to cause, material harm to them, in each instance, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion.

(ii)Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events following the Grant Date (A) any consolidation or merger of the Company in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such consolidation or merger do not own, either directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock (on a fully diluted basis) or other securities of the Company or the surviving entity immediately after the consolidation or merger, (B) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all, of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries to any other person or entity (other than an Affiliate of the Company), (C) any person or entity, including a group as contemplated by section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, acquires or gains ownership or control (including, without limitation, power to vote) of more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company (based upon voting power), or (D) as a result of or in connection with a contested election of the Board, the persons who were directors of the Company before such election shall cease to constitute a majority of the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not include (A) any capital raising transaction that is approved by the Board, or (B) any internal restructuring transaction approved by the Board.

(iii)CIC Effective Date means the date upon which a Change in Control occurs.

(iv) Fair Market Value shall be equal to the closing price for Companys common stock par value $0.001 (the Common Stock) on the NYSE American (or other national stock exchange on which the Common Stock is listed) on the last trading day preceding the last day of the Performance Period (or such earlier date on which the Forfeiture Restrictions lapse).

(v)Inability to Perform shall be deemed to occur when: (i) Grantee receives disability benefits under the Companys applicable long-term-disability plan; or (ii) the Board, upon the written report of a qualified physician designated by the Company or its insurer, has determined in its sole discretion (after a complete physical examination of Grantee at any time after he has been absent for a period of at least 90 consecutive calendar days or 120 calendar days in any 12-month period) that Grantee has become physically or mentally incapable 

4

of performing his essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation as required by law.

(vi)Good Reason shall exist in the event any of the following actions are taken without Grantees consent: (i) a material diminution in Grantees base salary, duties, responsibilities, or authorities; (ii) a requirement that Grantee report to an officer or employee other than the CEO or the Board; (iii) a material relocation of Grantees primary work location more than 50 miles away from the Companys corporate headquarters; (iv) any other action or inaction by the Company that constitutes a material breach of its obligations under this Agreement or any employment agreement between the Company and Grantee. To exercise his right to terminate for Good Reason, Grantee must provide written notice to the Company of his belief that Good Reason exists within 90 days of the initial existence of the condition(s) giving rise to Good Reason, and that notice shall describe the condition(s) believed to constitute Good Reason. The Company shall have 30 days to remedy the Good Reason condition(s). If not remedied within that 30-day period, Grantee may terminate his employment for Good Reason; provided, however, that such termination must occur no later than 180 days after the date of the initial existence of the condition(s) giving rise to the Good Reason; otherwise, Grantee shall be deemed to have accepted the condition(s), or the Companys correction of such condition(s), that may have given rise to the existence of Good Reason.

6.Leave of Absence. With respect to the Award, the Company may, in its sole discretion, determine that if you are on leave of absence for any reason you will be considered to still be in the employ of, or providing services for, the Company, provided that rights to the Restricted Shares during a leave of absence will be limited to the extent to which those rights were earned or vested when the leave of absence began.

7.Delivery of Restricted Shares. 

(a)Issuance of Restricted Shares. The Company shall cause to be issued and delivered to you or your designee a certificate or other evidence of the number of Restricted Shares granted hereunder bearing a restrictive legend relating to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan. Subject to the Committees certification of the level of attainment of the Performance Goals as of the Vesting Date, the Company shall cause the removal of any restrictive legend relating to the Earned Amount, upon receipt by the Company of any tax withholding as may be due pursuant to Section 8. Neither this Section 7 nor any action taken pursuant to or in accordance with this Agreement shall be construed to create a trust or a funded or secured obligation of any kind. The value of such shares of Common Stock shall not bear any interest owing to the passage of time. 

(b)Restrictions on Delivery of Restricted Shares. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in the Plan, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock if counsel to the Company determines that such issuance or delivery would violate any applicable law or any rule or regulation of any governmental authority or any rule or regulation of, or agreement of the Company with, any securities exchange or association upon which the Common Stock is listed or quoted. If necessary to comply with any such law, rule, regulation or agreement, the Company shall in no event be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the delivery of shares of Common Stock.

8.Payment of Taxes.

(a)You acknowledge that, upon lapse of the Forfeiture Restrictions in accordance with Section 5 above, the Fair Market Value of the portion of vested Restricted Shares will be treated as ordinary compensation income for federal and state income and FICA tax purposes, and that the Company will be required to withhold taxes on this income amount. 

5

To satisfy the required withholding amount, you shall surrender to the Company the number of vested Restricted Shares (rounded up in the event of a fractional share) having a Fair Market Value equal to the required withholding amount, and the Company shall have the right to cancel such number of surrendered Restricted Shares without any further action by you before removing the restrictive legend relating to the vested Restricted Shares in accordance with Section 7. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may request not to have Restricted Shares surrendered to cover taxes by giving notice of such request to the Company in writing at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the Performance Period, in which case the restrictive legends on the certificates for vested Restricted Shares shall not be removed by the Company until you shall have paid to the Company in cash any required tax withholding. If you fail to make such cash payment to the Company for all required tax withholdings, the Company may in its sole discretion (i) refuse to remove the restrictive legends from any remaining Restricted Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) cancel such number of Restricted Shares equal to the amount of the tax withholdings without any further action by you.

(b)In order to effectuate the intent of Section 8(a) above, you shall execute and deliver a Stock Power and any other instrument, certificate or other document requested by the Company or its transfer agent to reflect the surrender of Restricted Shares and delivery of the same to the Company.

(c)None of the Company, the Board or the Committee has made any warranty or representation to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the grant or vesting of the Award or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you represent that you are in no manner relying on such entities or any of their respective managers, directors, officers, employees or authorized representatives (including attorneys, accountants, consultants, bankers, lenders, prospective lenders and financial representatives) for tax advice or an assessment of such tax consequences. You represent that you have consulted with, or have had the opportunity to consult with, any tax consultants that you deem advisable in connection with the grant of the Award. You may, at your discretion, make a tax election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code in connection with the grant of this Award (the Section 83(b) Election). You acknowledge that the filing of a Section 83(b) Election is extremely time sensitive and, if you decide to make such an election, such election must be filed with the Service Center of the Internal Revenue Service where you file Internal Revenue Service tax returns WITHIN 30 DAYS of the Date of Grant. In the event that you make a Section 83(b) Election, you shall promptly provide a copy of the Section 83(b) Election form to the Company. You further agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless for any damages, costs, expenses, taxes, judgments or other actions or amounts resulting from any of your actions or inactions with respect to the tax consequences of this Award.

9.Compliance with Securities Law. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the issuance of shares of Common Stock (including Restricted Shares) will be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of U.S. federal, state, or foreign law with respect to such securities and with the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Common Stock may then be listed. No shares of Common Stock will be issued hereunder if such issuance would constitute a violation of any applicable U.S. federal, state, or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Common Stock may then be listed. In addition, shares of Common Stock will not be issued hereunder unless (a) a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), is at the time of issuance in effect with respect to the shares issued or (b) in the opinion of legal counsel to the Company, the shares issued may be issued in accordance with the terms of an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Act. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Companys legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any shares subject to the Award will relieve the 

6

Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained. As a condition to any issuance hereunder, the Company may require you to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect to such compliance as may be requested by the Company. From time to time, the Board and appropriate officers of the Company are authorized to take the actions necessary and appropriate to file required documents with governmental authorities, stock exchanges, and other appropriate persons to make shares of Common Stock available for issuance.

10.Legends. The Company may at any time place restrictive legends referencing any restrictions imposed on the Restricted Shares pursuant to Sections 4 or 9 of this Agreement on all certificates representing shares issued with respect to this Award.

11.Right of the Company and Affiliates to Terminate Employment or Services. Nothing in this Agreement confers upon you the right to continue in the employ of or performing services for the Company or any of its Affiliates, or interfere in any way with the rights of the Company or any of its Affiliates to terminate your employment or service relationship at any time.

12.Furnish Information. You agree to furnish to the Company all information requested by the Company to enable it to comply with any reporting or other requirements imposed upon the Company by or under any applicable statute or regulation.

13.Remedies. The parties to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover from each other reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with the successful enforcement of the terms and provisions of this Agreement whether by an action to enforce specific performance or for damages for its breach or otherwise.

14.No Liability for Good Faith Determinations. Neither the Company nor any members of the Board shall be liable for any act, omission or determination taken or made in good faith with respect to this Agreement or the Restricted Shares granted hereunder.

15.Execution of Receipts and Releases. Any payment of cash or any issuance or transfer of shares of Common Stock or other property to you, or to your legal representative, heir, legatee or distributee, in accordance with the provisions hereof, shall, to the extent thereof, be in full satisfaction of all claims of such persons hereunder. The Company may require you or your legal representative, heir, legatee or distributee, as a condition precedent to such payment or issuance, to execute a release and receipt therefor in such form as it shall determine.

16.No Guarantee of Interests. The Board and the Company do not guarantee the Common Stock of the Company from loss or depreciation.

17.Notice. Notices provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly received (a) when delivered in person, (b) when sent by facsimile transmission (with confirmation of transmission) on a business day to the number set forth below, if applicable; provided, however, that if a notice is sent by facsimile transmission after normal business hours of the recipient or on a non- business day, then it shall be deemed to have been received on the next business day after it is sent, (c) on the first business day after such notice is sent by air express overnight courier service, or (d) on the second business day following deposit with an internationally-recognized overnight or second-day courier service with proof of receipt maintained, in each case, to the following address, as applicable:

If to the Company, addressed to:

7

Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. 

c/o Chief Financial Officer

29 E. Reno Avenue, Suite 500

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73104

If to the Grantee, notices provided for in this Agreement shall be sent to the Grantees address shown on the Companys employment records or at such other address as Grantee may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice.

18.Waiver of Notice. Any person entitled to notice hereunder may waive such notice in writing.

19.Information Confidential. As partial consideration for the granting of the Award hereunder, you hereby agree to keep confidential all information and knowledge, except that which has been disclosed in any public filings required by law, that you have relating to the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided, however, that such information may be disclosed as required by law and may be given in confidence to your spouse and tax and financial advisors. In the event any breach of this promise comes to the attention of the Company, it shall take into consideration that breach in determining whether to recommend the grant of any future similar award to you, as a factor weighing against the advisability of granting any such future award to you.

20.Binding Effect. The provisions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall, in accordance with their terms, be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, all successors of the Grantee, including, without limitation, the Grantee's estate and the executors, administrators, or trustees thereof, heirs and legatees, and any receiver, trustee in bankruptcy, or representative of creditors of Grantee. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors or assigns to the Company.

21.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions hereof, but such provision shall be fully severable and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had never been included herein.

22.Company Action. Any action required of the Company shall be by resolution of the Board or by a person or entity authorized to act by resolution of the Board.

23.Title and Headings; Construction. Titles and headings to Sections hereof are for the purpose of reference only and shall in no way limit, define or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. Any and all appendices referred to in this Agreement are, by such reference, incorporated herein and made a part hereof for all purposes. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references herein to an agreement, instrument or other document shall be deemed to refer to such agreement, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented, modified and restated from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof. All references to dollars or $ in this Agreement refer to United States dollars. The word or is not exclusive. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and other compounds of the word here shall refer to the entire Agreement, including all appendices attached hereto, and not to any particular provision hereof. Wherever the context so requires, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter, and the singular number includes the plural and conversely. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but 

8

not limited to, or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term or matter. Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed or resolved against any party hereto, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, this Agreement has been reviewed by each of the parties hereto and shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of the parties hereto.

24.Governing Law. All questions arising with respect to the provisions of this Agreement shall be determined by application of the laws of Delaware without giving any effect to any conflict of law provisions thereof, except to the extent Delaware state law is preempted by U.S. federal law. The obligation of the Company to sell and deliver Common Stock hereunder is subject to applicable laws and to the approval of any governmental authority required in connection with the authorization, issuance, sale, or delivery of such shares of Common Stock.

25.Clawback. To the extent required by applicable law or any applicable securities exchange listing standards, or as otherwise determined by the Board (or a committee thereof), all shares of Common Stock granted under this Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of any applicable clawback policies or procedures adopted by the Company, which clawback policies or procedures may provide for forfeiture and/or recoupment of such shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company reserves the right, without your consent, to adopt any such clawback policies and procedures, including such policies and procedures applicable to this Agreement with retroactive effect.

26.The Plan. This Agreement is subject to all the terms, conditions, limitations and restrictions contained in the Plan.

27.Cooperation. You further agree that you shall do and perform (or shall cause to be done and performed) all such further acts and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as the Company may request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes and intent of this Agreement and the Plan.

28.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including by electronic mail or facsimile, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a copy hereof containing multiple signature pages, each signed by one party, but together signed by both parties hereto.

29.Consent to Electronic Delivery; Electronic Signature. In lieu of receiving documents in paper format, you agree, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to accept electronic delivery of any documents that the Company may be required to deliver (including, but not limited to, prospectuses, prospectus supplements, grant or award notifications and agreements, account statements, annual and quarterly reports and all other forms of communications) in connection with this and any other award made or offered by the Company. Electronic delivery may be via a Company electronic mail system or by reference to a location on a Company intranet to which you have access. You hereby consent to any and all procedures the Company has established or may establish for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of any such documents that the Company may be required to deliver, and agrees that his or her electronic signature is the same as, and shall have the same force and effect as, his or her manual signature.

30.Amendment. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, amend this Agreement from time to time in any manner that is not inconsistent with the Plan; provided, however, that 

9

except as otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, any such amendment that materially reduces your rights shall be effective only if it is in writing and signed by both you and an authorized officer of the Company.

31.Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, and contains all the covenants, promises, representations, warranties and agreements between the parties with respect to the Award granted hereby; provided however, that the terms of this Agreement shall not modify and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of any employment, consulting and/or severance agreement between the Company (or an Affiliate or other entity) and you in effect as of the date a determination is to be made under this Agreement. Without limiting the scope of the preceding sentence, except as provided therein, all prior understandings and agreements, if any, among the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof are hereby null and void and of no further force and effect.

[Signature Page Follows]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized, and the Grantee has set his hand hereunto, as of the Grant Date. 

RILEY EXPLORATION PERMIAN, INC.

By: _____________________________

Bobby D. Riley, Chief Executive Officer

GRANTEE

_____________________________

Printed Name: _________________

Restricted Stock Award Agreement

(Performance Vesting)

Signature Page

EXHIBIT A

IRREVOCABLE STOCK POWER

For value received, the undersigned does hereby sell, assign and transfer unto _________________________ _________________________________ (__________) shares of common stock par value $0.001 of Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. (the Company) standing in its name on the books of the Company and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ______________________________________ attorney to transfer the said stock on the books of the within named Company with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated_________________ X__________________________________________

Printed Name:

EXHIBIT B

PERFORMANCE GOAL

This Exhibit B to the Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Performance Vesting) contains the performance requirements and methodology applicable to the Award. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and the Agreement, the portion of the Restricted Shares subject to the Award, if any, that become earned during theperiod commencing as of January 1, 2025 and ending December 31, 2027 (the Performance Period) will be determined in accordance with this Exhibit B. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein or in the Agreement shall have the same meaning assigned to them in the Plan.

1.Performance Goal. The Performance Goal applicable to this Award shall be relative total shareholder return (Relative TSR), which measures the percentile ranking of the Companys TSR (as defined below) as compared to the TSR of each member of the Performance Peer Group (as defined below) over the Performance Period.

2.Company Performance Ranking and Percentile Ranking. Subject to the satisfaction of the Service Requirement, the percentage of the Target Amount that becomes the Earned Amount will be determined in accordance with the table set forth below. On or before the Vesting Date, the Committee, in its sole good faith discretion, will review, analyze and certify the achievement of the Companys Relative TSR percentile ranking for the Performance Period as compared to the Performance Peer Group in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and the Plan and, based on the performance so certified, the applicable percentage of the Target Amount shall become the Earned Amount, as follows:

Level 

Relative TSR Performance

(Percentile Rank vs. Peers) 

Earned Amount

(% of the Target Amount Performance Vested)*

< Threshold < 25th Percentile 0%

Threshold 25th Percentile 50%

Target 50th Percentile 100%

Maximum 75th Percentile 200%

*The percentage of the Target Amount that becomes the Earned Amount for performance between the threshold and target achievement levels or between the target and maximum achievement levels will be calculated using linear interpolation. For purposes of clarity, no portion of the Target Amount will become the Earned Amount if the Company does not attain at least the threshold level of Relative TSR performance for the Performance Period. Any portion of the Restricted Shares that does not become the Earned Amount in accordance 

with the Agreement, including this Exhibit B, and all rights arising from such Restricted Shares and from being a holder thereof will terminate automatically on the Vesting Date without further action by the Company and without further notice will terminate and be forfeited to the Company for no consideration.

3.Determination of Relative TSR Ranking.

a.To determine the Companys applicable percentile ranking for the Performance Period, TSR will be calculated for the Company and each member of the Performance Peer Group. The members of the Performance Peer Group, excluding the Company, will be ordered from highest to lowest based on their respective TSRs. The Companys percentile rank will be interpolated between the entity with the next highest TSR and the entity with the next lowest TSR based on the differential between the Companys TSR and the TSR of such entities. The TSR for the Company and each member of the Performance Peer Group shall be equal to the quotient of (X plus Y) divided by Z, where:

X equals the difference between (i) the volume weighted average price (the VWAP) of an entitys common stock for the 20 consecutive trading days ending with the last trading day of the Performance Period, minus (ii) the VWAP of such entitys common stock for the 20 consecutive trading days ending with the last trading day before the start of the Performance Period;

Y equals the cumulative amount of dividends and distributions declared and paid in respect of a share of common stock and having a record date during the Performance Period; and

Z equals the VWAP of an entitys common stock for the 20 consecutive trading days ending with the last trading day before the start of the Performance Period.

The TSR calculation for each member of the Performance Peer Group will be calculated on the same basis as the TSR calculation for the Company. The Committee will review and approve the TSR calculation for each member of the Performance Peer Group.

The Committee, in its sole discretion, will equitably adjust the Relative TSR calculation as necessary for stock splits or other stock dividends.

b.Example:

VWAP of REPX common stock over the last 20 trading days of 202X = $30.00

Cumulative dividends paid for which a record date occurred during the performance period (1/1/202X+1 through 12/31/202X+3) = $5.00

VWAP of REPX common stock over the last 20 trading days of 202X+3 = $38.00

TSR = ($38.00 $30.00 + $5.00) / $30.00 = 43.33%

The Companys TSR would then be compared to the TSR calculated for the Performance Peer Group set forth in Section 4, and the resulting percentile ranking would be used to calculate the Earned Amount based on the table set forth in Section 2.

c.Starting VWAP

REPX VWAP for the 20 consecutive trading days ending with the last trading day before the start of the Performance Period = $31.71.

4.Performance Peer Group.

a.The following companies will be deemed to be the Companys Performance Peer Group for purposes of the Agreement:

Company Name 

Ticker Symbol

1.Amplify Energy Corp. 

AMPY

1.Vitesse Energy Inc. 

VTS

1.SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Exploration and Production ETF Index 

XOP

1.Magnolia Oil & Gas Corp. 

MGY

1.Crescent Energy Co 

CRGY

1.Evolution Petroleum Corp. 

EPM

1.High Peak Energy 

HPK

1.Talos Energy Inc. 

TALO

1.Granite Ridge Resources, Inc. 

GRNT

1.Berry Corporation 

BRY

1.Ring Energy, Inc. 

REI

1.W&T Offshore Inc. 

WTI

1.Vital Energy Inc. 

VTLE

b.Changes to Performance Peer Group during a Performance Period:

i.If during the Performance Period any member of the Performance Peer Group is acquired or is otherwise not the surviving company following a corporate transaction, 

then, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, such member shall be removed from the Performance Peer Group and such members performance shall not be utilized in the Relative TSR calculation.

ii.If during the Performance Period any member of the Performance Peer Group files for bankruptcy, liquidates due to an insolvency or such member is delisted and ceases to be traded on a national securities exchange (i.e., Nasdaq or NYSE), then, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, such member shall remain in the Performance Peer Group and its ending stock price for purposes of calculating their performance shall be $0.00 utilized in the Relative TSR calculation for the applicable Performance Period.

iii.For the avoidance of doubt, a member of the Performance Peer Group that acquires another company but continues to exist and be continuously publicly traded on a national securities exchange, shall remain in the Performance Peer Group and its performance shall be utilized in the Relative TSR calculation, unless otherwise determined by the Committee.

5.Additional Factors or Information Regarding Methodology. Consistent with the terms of the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect to the terms of the Plan or the Agreement, including this Exhibit B, shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, and shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all persons.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>brileyrepxamendedandrestat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (this Agreement), dated March 26, 2025 with an effective date of April 8, 2025 (the Effective Date), is by and between Riley Exploration Permian, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Bobby D. Riley (Employee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company and its current and future subsidiaries and Affiliates (as defined below) in which the Company, directly or indirectly, has an interest (such subsidiaries and Affiliates, the Company Group) are engaged in oil and natural gas exploration and production, including owning, operating, leasing, acquiring, exploring, marketing, developing, producing, and otherwise disposing of oil and gas interests involving oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquid reserves in the Permian Basin (the Business); and

WHEREAS, Employee and the Company previously entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated April 1, 2019, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement dated October 1, 2020, and that certain Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement dated March 15, 2021 ( collectively, the Original Agreement).

WHEREAS, Section 21 of the Original Agreement permits the parties to amend the Original Agreement if such amendment is in writing and signed by the parties.

WHEREAS, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the parties thus desire for this Agreement to amend, supersede, and fully restate and replace the Original Agreement.

WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ Employee to provide services to the Business, and Employee desires to continue to be employed by the Company, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree to the following terms:

TERMS

1.Employment and Position. During the Term (as defined below), the Company shall employ Employee as its Chief Executive Officer, which is the same position as Employee held immediately before the Effective Date, and Employee shall continue to serve in such capacity, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Employee shall during the Term continue to report directly to the Companys Board of Directors (the Board).

2.Duties.

a.Duties for the Company and the Company Group. During the Term (as defined below), Employee shall continue to have the same duties, responsibilities, and authorities for the Company as he had immediately before the Effective Date in addition to such duties, responsibilities, and authorities as may be lawfully assigned by the Boardin its reasonable discretion, including without limitation duties, responsibilities, and authorities with respect to the Company Group and their Affiliates.

b.Working Time and Best-Effort Requirements and Permitted Outside Activities. During the Term (as defined below), Employee shall devote his full working time as well as his best efforts, abilities, knowledge, and experience to the Business and affairs of the Company and the Company Group as necessary to faithfully perform his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement. As long as such service and investments do not prevent Employee from fulfilling his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement or directly or indirectly compete with the Company or the Company Group, in each case as determined by the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) in its sole discretion, Employee may, without violating this Agreement, (i) serve as an officer or director of any civic or charitable organization, (ii) passively own securities in publicly traded companies if the aggregate amount owned by him and all family members and Affiliates does not exceed 2% of any such companys outstanding securities, and (iii) passively invest his personal assets in such form or manner as will not require any services by Employee in the operation of the entities in which such investments are made.

c.Compliance with Company Policies. During the Term (as defined below), Employee shall comply with all applicable Company rules and policies as a condition of employment.

d.Duty of Loyalty. During the Term (as defined below), Employee shall owe a fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance to act in the best interests of the Company and each member of the Company Group, and to not act in a manner that would materially injure their business, interests, or reputations. In keeping with these duties, Employee shall make full disclosure to the Board of all opportunities pertaining to the Business of the Company and the Company Group that come to his attention during the Term and shall not appropriate for his own benefit any such Business opportunities concerning the subject matter of the fiduciary relationship.

3.Primary Work Location Although Employee shall be expected to travel from time to time as necessary to perform his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement, his primary work location during the Term (as defined below) shall be at the Companys headquarters in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

4.Term of Agreement and Employment.

a.Initial Term. This Agreement shall be in full force and effect for an Initial Term of two (2) years commencing on the Effective Date and expiring on the second 

anniversary of the Effective Date (the Expiration Date), unless terminated before the Expiration Date in accordance with Section 6.

b.Renewal Term. Notwithstanding Section 4(a), the effectiveness of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for an additional one-year term on the Expiration Date (each, a Renewal Term) and on each successive anniversary of the Expiration Date (each, a Renewal Date), unless and until (i) either party gives written notice of non-renewal at least 90 days before the Expiration Date or any Renewal Date; or (ii) the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 6. The Companys non-renewal of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be deemed a termination without Cause for purposes of this Agreement.

c.Term. For all purposes in this Agreement, the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms are referred to collectively as the Term of this Agreement.

5.Compensation and Employment Benefits. In consideration of the performance of Employees duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement, the Company shall provide Employee with the following compensation and employment benefits during the Term:

a.Base Salary. The Company shall provide Employee with an annualized base salary of no less than $675,000.00 (the Base Salary), prorated for any partial period of employment and payable in accordance with the Companys ordinary payroll policies and procedures for employee compensation. The Board may review the Base Salary in good faith during the Term and may delegate its authority under this Agreement to the Compensation Committee of the Company (the Compensation Committee), provided that, except as provided in Section 15(c) below, such delegation shall not constitute authority to modify or amend the terms of this Agreement without the consent of the Employee, as provided by Section 21 below.

b.Discretionary Bonuses and Other Discretionary Incentive Compensation.

i.Short-Term Incentive (STI) Bonuses. Beginning with fiscal year 2025, Employee shall be eligible to receive annual discretionary STI bonuses in cash (each, an Annual Bonus) during each fiscal year of his employment with the Company prorated for any partial period of employment in accordance with this Section to the same extent similarly situated executives of the Company; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Annual Bonus for fiscal year 2025 shall not be prorated. The amount of any Annual Bonus shall be determined by the Board in its sole discretion based on its assessment of Employees performance against applicable performance objectives as well as Company performance. Factors such as whether Annual Bonuses are paid, eligibility for Annual Bonuses, when such Annual Bonuses are paid, and the amount of Annual Bonuses are at the sole discretion of the Board. Except as provided below in this Agreement, Employee shall not be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus unless he remains employed by the Company through the date on which such Annual Bonus is paid.

ii.Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards. During each fiscal year of his employment, Employee shall be eligible to receive prospective (x) annual time based awards 

with three-year graded vesting schedules and (y) performance based awards based upon the achievement of corporate performance goals established from year to year by the Board with a three-year cliff vesting schedule (collectively, Annual Equity Awards). Employees entitlement to an Annual Equity Award remains subject to approval by the Board and shall be granted pursuant to, and subject to, the Companys Amended and Restated 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan (as it may be amended from time to time, the LTIP) and applicable Restricted Stock Agreements (each, an Award Agreement), in the form established by the Board in its sole discretion, provided that the terms and conditions of any such Award Agreement shall be consistent with the terms and conditions of this Section, including without limitation, the vesting schedule thereof.

iii.Other Benefits. Employee shall also be eligible to participate in all of the Companys discretionary short-term and long-term incentive compensation plans, programs, and arrangements, if any, generally made available to other similarly situated senior executive officers of the Company.

iv.Payment. All Annual Bonuses and Annual Equity Awards earned and payable to Employee by the Company shall be paid to Employee in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the end of the Companys fiscal year. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and for the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall be eligible to receive the Annual Bonus for any completed fiscal year and for the fiscal year in which such Employees employment is terminated if such termination is: (i) by the Company without Cause, or (ii) by Employee for Good Reason; provided, however, that such Annual Bonus shall be paid on the date that Annual Bonuses are paid to other senior executive officers of the Company after the end of the taxable year in which any substantial risk of forfeiture with respect to such Annual Bonuses lapse and the Annual Bonus amount shall be determined by the Board in its sole discretion based on its assessment of the Annual Bonus amount that Employee would have received based on achievement of performance goals for the applicable fiscal year.

c.Welfare, Pension and Incentive Benefit. During the Term, Employee (and Employees spouse and/or eligible dependents to the extent provided in the applicable plans and programs) will be eligible to participate in and be covered under all the welfare benefit plans or programs maintained by the Company for the benefit of its senior executive officers, including, without limitation, all medical, life, hospitalization, dental, disability, accidental death and dismemberment, and travel accident insurance plans and programs. In addition, during the Term, Employee will be eligible to participate in all 401(k), retirement, savings and other employee benefit plans and programs maintained from time to time by the Company for the benefit of its senior executive officers. Such benefits shall be governed by the applicable plan documents, insurance policies, or employment policies, and may be modified, suspended, or revoked in accordance with the terms of the applicable documents or policies without violating this Agreement.

d.Vacation. Employee shall be entitled to 6 weeks per year of paid vacation in accordance with the Companys vacation policy during the Term. Employee may use his vacation in a reasonable manner based upon the business needs of the Company. Unless 

otherwise specifically permitted under the Companys vacation policy applicable to similarly situated employees, any accrued and unused vacation shall not be carried over from year to year. Unless required by such vacation policy or applicable law, any amounts accrued and owing for the applicable year shall not be paid to Employee upon the termination of his employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination.

e.Fringe Benefits. During the Term, the Company will provide Employee with such other fringe benefits as commensurate with Employees position as determined by the Board in its sole discretion.

f.Reimbursement of Business Expenses. Employee shall be authorized to incur ordinary, necessary, and reasonable business and travel expenses while performing his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement and promoting the Companys Business and activities during the Term. The Company shall reimburse Employee for all such expenses incurred in accordance with the Companys policies and practices concerning reimbursement of business expenses that are submitted to the Company for reimbursement no later than 60 days after the applicable expense was incurred. Any such reimbursement shall be made as soon as reasonably practicable following the end of the taxable year in which the applicable expense was incurred.

g.Payroll Deductions. With respect to any compensation or benefits required to be paid under this Agreement, the Company shall withhold any amounts authorized by Employee and all amounts required to be withheld by applicable federal, state, or local law.

6.Termination of Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated as follows and any termination of this Agreement shall also constitute a termination of Employees employment with the Company:

a.Death; Inability to Perform. This Agreement shall terminate immediately if the Employee dies and may be terminated upon notice to the Employee by the Company of his Inability to Perform (as defined below). If Employees employment hereunder shall terminate on account of his death or Inability to Perform (as defined below), then all compensation and all benefits to Employee hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that Employee (or Employees legal representative, estate, and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations (as defined below). Inability to Perform shall be deemed to occur when: (i) Employee receives disability benefits under the Companys applicable long-term-disability plan; or (ii) the Board, upon the written report of a qualified physician designated by the Company or its insurer, has determined in its sole discretion (after a complete physical examination of Employee at any time after he has been absent for a period of at least 90 consecutive calendar days or 120 calendar days in any 12-month period) that Employee has become physically or mentally incapable of performing his essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation as required by law.

b.By the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate this Agreement for any Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean any act or omission of 

Employee that constitutes any: (i) material breach of this Agreement, (ii) Employees failure or refusal to perform Employees duties, including, but not limited to, the failure or refusal to follow any lawful directive of the Board within the reasonable scope of Employees duties, (iii) material violation of any written employment policy or rule of the Company or the Company Group, which results, or is likely to result in, any material reputational, financial, or other harm to the Company or the Company Group, (iv) misappropriation of any funds, property, or business opportunity of the Company or the Company Group, (v) illegal use or distribution of drugs or any abuse of alcohol in any manner that adversely affects Employees performance, (vi) fraud upon the Company or the Company Group or bad faith, dishonest, or disloyal acts or omissions toward the Company or the Company Group, (vii) commission, indictment, or conviction of any felony or any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, or (viii) other acts or omissions contrary to the best interests of the Company or the Company Group which has caused, or is likely to cause, material harm to them. If the Board determines in its sole discretion that a cure is possible and appropriate, the Company shall give Employee written notice of the acts or omissions constituting Cause and no termination of this Agreement shall be for Cause unless and until Employee fails to cure such acts or omissions within 30 days following receipt of such written notice. If the Board determines in its sole discretion that a cure is not possible and appropriate, Employee shall have no notice or cure rights before this Agreement is terminated for Cause.

c.By the Company Without Cause. The Company may terminate this Agreement for no reason or any reason other than death, Inability to Perform, or for Cause by providing advance written notice to Employee that the Company is terminating the Agreement without Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, a termination without Cause by the Company shall include the Companys non-renewal of this Agreement in accordance with Section 4(b).

d.By Employee with Good Reason. Employee shall be permitted to terminate this Agreement for any Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall exist in the event any of the following actions are taken without Employees consent: (i) a material diminution in Employees Base Salary, duties, responsibilities, or authorities; (ii) a requirement that Employee report to an officer or employee other than the Board; (iii) a material relocation of Employees primary work location more than 50 miles away from the Companys corporate headquarters; (iv) any other action or inaction by the Company that constitutes a material breach of its obligations under this Agreement. To exercise his right to terminate for Good Reason, Employee must provide written notice to the Company of his belief that Good Reason exists within 90 days of the initial existence of the condition(s) giving rise to Good Reason, and that notice shall describe the condition(s) believed to constitute Good Reason. The Company shall have 30 days to remedy the Good Reason condition(s). If not remedied within that 30-day period, Employee may terminate this Agreement; provided, however, that such termination must occur no later than 180 days after the date of the initial existence of the condition(s) giving rise to the Good Reason; otherwise, Employee shall be deemed to have accepted the condition(s), or the Companys correction of such condition(s), that may have given rise to the existence of Good Reason.

e.By Employee Without Good Reason. Employee may terminate this Agreement for no reason or any reason other than for Good Reason by providing at least 30 days written notice to the Company that Employee is terminating the Agreement without Good Reason.

f.Expiration of Term; Non-Renewal. Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing a proper notice of non-renewal to the other party in accordance with Section 4(b). For purposes of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 4(b) and Section 6(c) hereto, a termination without Cause shall include the Companys non-renewal of this Agreement.

g.Termination Date. For purposes of this Agreement, the Termination Date shall mean (i) if this Agreement is terminated because of Employees death, the date of death, (ii) if this Agreement is terminated because of Employees Inability to Perform, the date the Company notifies Employee of the termination, (iii) if this Agreement is terminated by the Company for Cause, by the Company without Cause, by Employee for Good Reason, or by Employee without Good Reason, the applicable effective date of such termination set forth in the required notice of such termination, and (iv) if this Agreement is terminated by either party giving a proper notice of non-renewal as permitted in Section 4(b) above, the last day of the Term.

7.Payments and Benefits Due Upon Termination of Agreement.

a.Accrued Obligations. Upon any termination of this Agreement, the Company shall have no further obligation to Employee under this Agreement, except for (i) payment to Employee of all earned but unpaid Base Salary through the Termination Date, prorated as provided above, and all earned but unpaid Annual Bonus due as of the Termination Date, (ii) provision to Employee, in accordance with the terms of the applicable benefit plan of the Company or to the extent required by law, of any benefits to which Employee has a vested entitlement as of the Termination Date, (iii) payment to Employee of any accrued unused vacation owed to Employee as of the Termination Date if such payment is required under the Companys vacation policy or applicable law, (iv) payment to Employee of any un-reimbursed business expenses incurred through the Termination Date in accordance with applicable Company policy and this Agreement, and (v) if applicable, the Separation Benefits (as defined below). The payments and benefits just described in (i)-(iv) shall constitute the Accrued Obligations and shall be paid when due under this Agreement, the Companys plans and policies, and/or applicable law.

b.Separation Benefits. If this Agreement is terminated either by the Company without Cause in accordance with Section 6(c) (including the Companys non-renewal of this Agreement) or by Employee resigning his employment for Good Reason in accordance with Section 6(d), the Company shall have no further obligation to Employee under this Agreement, except the Company shall provide the Accrued Obligations to Employee in accordance with Section 7(a) plus the following payments and benefits (collectively, the Separation Benefits) to Employee: (i) an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of the Base 

Salary in effect immediately before the Termination Date plus the Annual Bonus received by Employee for the fiscal year preceding the Termination Date (together, the Separation Pay); and (ii) during the six-month period commencing on the Termination Date that Employee is eligible to elect and elects to continue coverage for himself and his eligible dependents under the Companys group health insurance plan pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA), or similar state law, the Company shall reimburse Employee on a monthly basis for the difference between the amount Employee pays to effect and continue such coverage under COBRA and the employee contribution amount that active employees of the Company pay for the same or similar coverage; provided, however, that Employee shall notify the Company in writing within five days after he becomes eligible after the Termination Date for group health insurance coverage, if any, through subsequent employment or otherwise and the Company shall have no further reimbursement obligation after Employee becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage due to subsequent employment or otherwise. The Separation Pay shall be paid to Employee in a lump sum within 60 days of the Termination Date; provided, however, that no Separation Pay shall be paid to Employee unless the Company receives, on or within 55 days after the Termination Date, an executed and fully effective copy of the Release (as defined below). Any reimbursements due under this Section shall be made by the last day of the month following the month in which the applicable premiums were paid by Employee.

For the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall not be entitled to the Separation Benefits if this Agreement is terminated (i) due to Employees death; (ii) by the Company due to Employees Inability to Perform; (iii) by the Company for Cause; (iv) by Employee without Good Reason; or (v) by non-renewal by Employee in accordance with Sections 4(b) and 6(f).

c.Impact of Termination of Employment on Annual Equity Awards. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the treatment of Employees Annual Equity Awards, and any other awards received by Employee during the Term pursuant to the LTIP, shall be exclusively governed by the terms and conditions of the LTIP and the applicable Award Agreement or Award Agreements as a result of and following the termination of Employees employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination.

8.Payments and Benefits Due Upon Certain Change-in-Control Events. The parties acknowledge that Employee has entered into this Agreement based on his confidence in the current stockholders of the Company and the support of the Board. Accordingly, if the Company should undergo a Change in Control the parties agree as follows:

a.Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following definitions:

i.Affiliate: except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, for purposes of this Agreement, Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company; provided, however, that a natural person shall not be considered an Affiliate.

ii.Change in Control: a Change in Control has the same meaning as assigned by the LTIP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of Control shall not include the IPO or a public offering of the Companys common stock or a transaction with its sole purpose to change the state of the Companys incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction.

iii.CIC Effective Date: means the date upon which a Change in Control occurs.

iv.Code: means Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

b.Change-in-Control Benefits. If Employee is employed by the Company on the CIC Effective Date and this Agreement is terminated on or before the six-month anniversary of the CIC Effective Date by the Company without Cause in accordance with Section 6(c) or by Employee for Good Reason in accordance with Section 6(d), then the Company shall have no further obligation to Employee under this Agreement or otherwise, except the Company shall provide Employee with the Accrued Obligations in accordance with Section 7(a) plus the following payments and benefits (collectively, the Change-in-Control Benefits) in lieu of any Separation Benefits that may otherwise be due under Section 7(b): (i) an amount equal to 200% of the Base Salary in effect immediately before the Termination Date plus 200% of the Annual Bonus received by Employee for the fiscal year preceding the Termination Date (together, the CIC Pay); and (ii) during the 6-month period commencing on the Termination Date that Employee is eligible to elect and elects to continue coverage for himself and his eligible dependents under the Companys group health insurance plan pursuant to COBRA or similar state law, the Company shall reimburse Employee on a monthly basis for the difference between the amount Employee pays to effect and continue such coverage under COBRA and the employee contribution amount that active employees of the Company pay for the same or similar coverage; provided, however, that Employee shall notify the Company in writing within five days after he becomes eligible after the Termination Date for group health insurance coverage, if any, through subsequent employment or otherwise and the Company shall have no further reimbursement obligation after the Employee becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage due to subsequent employment or otherwise. The CIC Pay shall be paid to the Employee in a lump sum within 60 days of the Termination Date; provided, however, that no CIC Pay shall be paid to the Employee unless the Company receives, on or within 55 days after the Termination Date, an executed and fully effective copy of the Release (as defined below). Any reimbursements due under this Section shall be made by the last day of the month following the month in which the applicable premiums were paid by the Employee.

For the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall not be entitled to the Change-in-Control Benefits if this Agreement is terminated (i) due to Employees death; (ii) by the Company due to Employees Inability to Perform; (iii) by the Company for Cause; (iv) by Employee without Good Reason; or (v) by non-renewal by Employee in accordance with Sections 4(b) and 6(f).

9.Parachute Payment Limitation. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in this Agreement, if Employee is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G of the Code), and any of the payments and benefits described herein, together with any other payments which Employee has the right to receive from the Company, would, in the aggregate, constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G of the Code), then such payments and benefits shall be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the aggregate present value of such payments and benefits received by Employee from the Company shall be $1.00 less than three times Employees base amount (as defined in Section 280G of the Code) and so that no portion of such payments received by Employee shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax result for Employee (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any applicable income tax). The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits is necessary shall be made by the Board in its sole discretion and such determination shall be conclusive and binding on Employee; provided, however, that any such reduction shall be made in the manner that is most beneficial to Employee. If a reduced payment is made to Employee pursuant to clause (a) above and through error or otherwise that payment, when aggregated with other payments from the Company (or its affiliates) used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds $1.00 less than three times Employees base amount, Employee shall immediately repay such excess to the Company upon notification that an overpayment has been made.

10.Conditions on Receipt of Separation Benefits and Change-in-Control Benefits.

a.Execution and Non-Revocation of General Release Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Companys payment to Employee of the Separation Benefits or the Change-in-Control Benefits, as applicable, is subject to the conditions that (i) the Employee fully complies with all applicable restrictive covenants under Sections 11-13 of this Agreement; and (ii) within 55 days after the Termination Date, the Employee executes, delivers to the Company, and does not revoke as permitted by applicable law a General Release Agreement in a form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release) that, among other things, fully and finally releases and waives any and all claims, demands, actions, and suits whatsoever which he has or may have against the Company, the Company Group, and their Affiliates, whether under this Agreement or otherwise, that arose before the Release was executed. For purposes of this Agreement, the Release shall not become fully enforceable and irrevocable until Employee has timely executed the Release and not revoked his acceptance of the Release within seven days after its execution.

b.Separation from Service Requirement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Employee shall be entitled to the Separation Benefits or the Change-in-Control Benefits, as applicable, only if the termination of this Agreement constitutes Employees Separation from Service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h).

11.Confidential Information.

a.Scope and Definition of Confidential Information. Employee acknowledges that the Company and the Company Group have developed substantial goodwill with their employees, customers, and others with which they do business and competitively valuable information in connection with the Business. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that the following items shall be entitled to trade secret protection and constitute Confidential Information under this Agreement regardless of when such Confidential Information was disclosed to Employee: any information used in the Business that gives the Company, the Company Group, or their Affiliates an advantage over competitors and is not generally known by competitors or readily ascertainable by independent investigation, and includes without limitation all trade secrets (as defined by applicable law); technical information, including all ideas, prospects, proposals, and other opportunities pertaining to exploring, producing, gathering, transporting, marketing, treating, or processing of hydrocarbons and related products and services, inventions, computer programs, computer processes, computer codes, software, website structure and content, databases, formulae, designs, compilations of information, data, proprietary processes, and know-how related to operations; financial information, including margins, earnings, accounts payable, and accounts receivable; business information, including business plans, expansion plans, business proposals, pending projects, pending proposals, sales data, and contracts; advertising information, including costs and strategies; customer information, including customer contacts, customer lists, customer identities, customer preferences and needs, customer purchasing or service terms, and specially negotiated terms with customers; supplier information, including supplier lists, supplier identities, contact information, capabilities, services, prices, costs, and specially negotiated terms with suppliers; information about future plans, including marketing strategies, target markets, promotions, sales plans, projects and proposals, research and development, and new materials research; inventory information, including quality-control procedures, inventory ordering practices, inventory lists, and inventory storage and shipping methods; information regarding personnel and employment policies and practices, including employee lists, contact information, performance information, compensation data and incentive information (including any bonus or commission plan terms), benefits, and training programs; and information regarding independent contractors and subcontractors, including independent contractor and subcontractor lists, contact information, compensation, and agreements. Confidential Information shall also include all information contained in any manual or electronic document or file created by the Company, the Company Group, or their Affiliates and provided or made available to Employee. Confidential Information shall not include any information in the public domain, through no disclosure or wrongful act of Employee, to such an extent as to be readily available to competitors.

b.Agreement to Provide Confidential Information to Employee. In exchange for Employees promises in this Agreement, the Company agrees during the Term to provide Employee with access to previously undisclosed Confidential Information related to his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement.

c.Agreement to Return Company Property and Confidential Information. At any time during employment upon demand by the Company, and immediately upon termination of this Agreement, regardless of the reason for such termination, Employee shall return to the 

Company all property of the Company or the Company Group in his possession or under his control, including without limitation all Confidential Information.

d.Agreement not to Use or Disclose Confidential Information in Unauthorized Manner. Employee acknowledges and agrees that (i) due to their Business, the Company and the Company Group will continue to develop new and additional Confidential Information after the Effective Date that has not been previously disclosed to him; (ii) all Confidential Information is considered confidential and proprietary to the Company and the Company Group; and (iii) he has no right, other than under this Agreement, to receive any Confidential Information. Employee shall at all times hold in strictest confidence, and shall not disclose or use, any Confidential Information (regardless of whether received before or after the Effective Date) except for the exclusive benefit of the Company and the Company Group in the ordinary course of performing his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement, and otherwise only with the prior written consent of the Board. Employee shall promptly advise the Board in writing of any unauthorized release or use of any Confidential Information, and shall take reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized persons or entities from having access to, obtaining, being furnished with, disclosing, or using any Confidential Information.

e.Protected Activities. Nothing in this Agreement (or any policy, procedure, or agreements of or with the Company or the Company Group) is intended to, or does, prohibit Employee from (i) contacting, reporting to, communicating with, responding truthfully to an inquiry from, providing truthful information to, filing a charge or complaint with, cooperating with, making truthful statements under oath, or otherwise testifying or participating in any investigation, hearing, or other proceeding being conducted by or before, any federal or state law enforcement, governmental, or regulatory agency or body (such as the U.S. Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Occupational Safety & Health Administration, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the U.S. Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, or another federal or state law enforcement, regulatory, or fair employment practices agency), regarding possible or alleged violations of law or unlawful acts in the workplace, and doing so in each instance without prior notice to or authorization from the Company; (ii) making statements or disclosures regarding any sexual assault or sexual harassment dispute in compliance with the Speak Out Act; (iii) giving truthful testimony or making statements under oath in response to a subpoena or other valid legal process or in any legal proceeding; (iv) otherwise making truthful statements as required by law or valid legal process; or (v) disclosing a trade secret in confidence to a governmental official, directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, if the disclosure is made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. Accordingly, Employee understands that he shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Employee likewise understands that, in the event he files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, he may disclose the trade secret(s) of the Company or the Company Group to his attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if he (i) files 

any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (ii) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. In accordance with applicable law, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement or any of any policies, procedures, or agreements of the Company or the Company Group applicable to Employee (i) impedes his right to communicate with the SEC or any other governmental agency about possible violations of federal securities or other laws or regulations or (ii) requires him to provide any prior notice to the Company or the Company Group or obtain their prior approval before engaging in any such communications.

12.Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Restrictive Covenants.

a.Acknowledgment of Competitive Business. Employee acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Business of the Company and the Company Group is highly competitive; (ii) he is entitled by virtue of his position of trust and confidence with the Company and the Company Group and his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement to access Confidential Information which could be used by competitors of the Company and the Company Group in a manner that would irreparably harm their competitive position in the marketplace; (iii) he will be responsible under this Agreement and as the trusted representative of the Company and the Company Group for developing and continuing valuable business relationships and goodwill on behalf of them with their most important customers, vendors, and employees; (iv) he could call on such relationships, goodwill, and Confidential Information if he competed against the Company or the Company Group to gain an unfair competitive advantage that would irreparably harm them; and (v) the goodwill and Confidential Information Employee will develop and receive pursuant to this Agreement will enhance his reputation in the Business and increase his earning capacity.

b.Acknowledgment of Need for Protection. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that it would be impossible for him to ignore all knowledge of the Confidential Information and goodwill if he were to compete against the Company or the Company Group in the Business. It is, therefore, reasonable and proper for the Company and the Company Group to protect against the intentional or inadvertent use of the Confidential Information and goodwill in competition with them in the Business. Accordingly, Employee agrees that a prohibition against his competing with the Company and the Company Group in the Business or soliciting customers, vendors, employees, or other service providers of the Company or the Company Group during the Term and for a reasonable period of time thereafter within a reasonable geographic area is appropriate and necessary for the protection of the Confidential Information, goodwill, and other legitimate business interests of the Company and the Company Group.

c.Covenant not to Compete. Beginning on the Effective Date and continuing for 12 months after the termination of Employees employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination (the Restricted Period), Employee shall not directly or indirectly (including without limitation through any family member or controlled Affiliate) (i) have any ownership interest in, serve as an officer, director, consultant, independent contractor, subcontractor, or employee, in each case to the extent Employee is providing services 

in a capacity similar to the capacity in which Employee served the Company or the Company Group, in any business or activity that is in engaged in leasing, acquiring, exploring, developing, or producing hydrocarbons and related products within the boundaries of, or within a five-mile radius of the boundaries of, (A) any mineral property interest of the Company or the Company Group (including, without limitation, a mineral lease, overriding royalty interest, production payment, net profits interest, mineral fee interest, or option or right to acquire any of the foregoing, or an area of mutual interest as designated pursuant to contractual agreements between the Company, the Company Group, or their Affiliates and any third party), (B) any other property on which the Company or the Company Group have an option, right, license, or authority to conduct or direct exploratory activities, such as three dimensional seismic acquisition or other seismic, geophysical and geochemical activities, or (C) any producing well or any well-in-progress being drilled and/or completed by the Company or the Company Group, in each case in (A), (B), and (C) during the Term or as identified by the Company in writing as of or following the Termination Date, as applicable, in Yoakum County, Texas or Eddy County, New Mexico (the Restricted Area); or (ii) solicit, canvass, or accept business for any person or entity that provides products or services that directly or indirectly compete with the products or services of the Company or the Company Group in the Business in the Restricted Area.

d.Covenant not to Solicit. During the Restricted Period, Employee shall not directly or indirectly, on behalf of himself or any third party (including without limitation through any family member or controlled Affiliate), (i) solicit the sale of goods, services, or a combination of goods and services from the established customers of the Company or the Company Group on behalf of himself or any other entity that competes against the Company Group in the Business in the United States or (ii) solicit, hire, or otherwise engage as an employee, independent contractor, or otherwise, any person who is an employee or non-employee service provider of the Company or the Company Group or was an employee or non-employee service provider of the Company or the Company Group at any time in the one-year period preceding the proposed solicitation. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the post-termination obligations just described shall be limited to employees, independent contractors, and other non-employee service providers with whom Employee worked, or about whom Employee received Confidential Information, during the 12-month period before the Termination Date. For avoidance of doubt, it shall not be a breach of this Section for Employee to post general job listings or similar broad-based advertisement for employment or other services as long as such listings or advertisements are not directly or indirectly targeted at the Companys employees or service providers.

e.Permitted Exception. Employee shall be permitted without violating Sections 2(b), 2(d), 12(c), or 12(d) of this Agreement to make passive personal investments in securities that are registered on a national stock exchange if the aggregate amount owned by him and all family members and Affiliates does not exceed 2% of such companys outstanding securities as long as (i) these activities do not prevent Employee from fulfilling his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement, and (ii) Employee fully complies with his otherwise applicable obligations under this Agreement.

13.Inventions. Any and all Confidential Information and other discoveries, inventions, improvements, trade secrets (as defined by applicable law), know-how, works of authorship, or other intellectual property conceived, created, written, developed, or first reduced to practice by Employee before or after the Effective Date, alone or jointly, in the performance of his duties, responsibilities, or authorities for the Company or the Company Group (the Inventions) shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company and the Company Group, as applicable. Employee acknowledges that all original works of authorship protectable by copyright that are produced by Employee in the performance of his duties, responsibilities, or authorities for the Company and the Company Group are works made for hire as defined in the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. 101). In addition, to the extent that any such works are not works made for hire under the United States Copyright Act, Employee hereby assigns without further consideration all right, title, and interest in such works to the Company and the Company Group. Employee shall promptly and fully disclose to the Company all Inventions, shall treat all Inventions as Confidential Information, and hereby assigns to the Company and the Company Group without further consideration all of his right, title, and interest in and to any and all Inventions, whether or not copyrightable or patentable. Employee shall execute all papers, including applications, invention assignments, and copyright assignments, and shall otherwise assist the Company and the Company Group as reasonably required to memorialize, confirm, and perfect in them the rights, title, and other interests granted to the Company and the Company Group under this Agreement.

14.Duties of Confidentiality and Loyalty Under the Common Law. Employees obligations under this Agreement shall supplement, rather than supplant, his common-law duties of confidentiality and loyalty owed to the Company and the Company Group.

15.Survival and Enforcement of Covenants; Remedies.

a.Survival of Covenants. Employees covenants in Sections 11-13 shall survive the termination of this Agreement according to their terms, regardless of the reason for such termination, and shall be construed as agreements independent of any other provision of this Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of action of Employee against the Company or the Company Group (whether under this Agreement or otherwise), shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company or the Company Group of those covenants.

b.Enforcement of Covenants. Employee acknowledges and agrees that his covenants in Sections 12 and 13 are ancillary to the otherwise enforceable agreements by the Company under Section 5(b)(ii) to provide him with equity awards and under Section 11 to provide him with previously undisclosed Confidential Information and by his agreement not to disclose such Confidential Information, and are supported by independent, valuable consideration. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that the limitations as to time, geographical area, and scope of activity to be restrained by those covenants are reasonable and acceptable to him and do not include any greater restraint than is reasonably necessary to protect the Confidential Information, goodwill, and other legitimate business interests of the Company and the Company Group. Employee further agrees that, if at some later date, a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any of the covenants in Sections 11-13 are unreasonable, 

any such covenants shall be reformed by the court and enforced to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law.

c.Remedies. In the event of breach or threatened breach by Employee of any of his covenants in Sections 11, 12, or 13, the Company and the Company Group shall be irreparably damaged in amounts difficult to ascertain and therefore entitled to equitable relief (without the need to post a bond or prove actual damages) by temporary restraining order, temporary injunction, or permanent injunction or otherwise, in addition to all other legal and equitable relief to which they may be entitled, including any and all monetary damages, which it may incur as a result of such breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation. The Company and the Company Group may pursue any remedy available to them concurrently or consecutively in any order as to any breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation, and the pursuit of one of such remedies at any time shall not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any other of such remedies as to such breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation, or as to any other breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation. If Employee breaches any of his covenants in Section 12, the time periods pertaining to such covenants shall also be suspended and shall not run in favor of him from the time he first breached such covenants until the time when he ceases such breach. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company may amend the provisions of Sections 11, 12, or 13 without the approval of Employee or any other person to provide for less restrictive limitations as to time, geographical area, or scope of activity to be restrained. Any such less restrictive limitations may, in the Companys sole discretion, apply only with respect to the enforcement of this Agreement in certain jurisdictions specified in any such amendment. At the request of the Company, Employee shall consent to any such amendment and shall execute and deliver to the Company a counterpart signature page to such amendment.

d.After-Acquired Evidence. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Company determines that Employee is eligible to receive the Separation Benefits or the Change-in-Control Benefits, as applicable, but, after such determination, the Company subsequently acquires evidence and determines that (i) Employee has materially breached the terms Sections 2, 11, or 12; or (ii) a Cause condition existed prior to the Termination Date that, if curable, was not cured prior to the Termination Date, and that, had the Company been fully aware of such condition, would have given the Company the right to terminate Employees employment for Cause pursuant to Section 6(b), then the Company shall have the right to cease the payment of any future installments of any such payments, as applicable, and Employee shall promptly return to the Company all installments of such payments, as applicable, received by Employee prior to the date that the Company determines that the conditions of this Section 15(d) have been satisfied.

e.Clawback. To the extent required by applicable law or any applicable securities exchange listing standards, or as otherwise determined by the Board (or a committee thereof), amounts paid or payable under this Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of any applicable clawback policies or procedures adopted by the Company, which clawback policies or procedures may provide for forfeiture and/or recoupment of amounts paid or payable under this Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company 

reserves the right, without the consent of Employee, to adopt any such clawback policies and procedures, including such policies and procedures applicable to this Agreement with retroactive effect.

16.Successors and Assigns. Employees duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement are personal to him and shall not be assigned to any person or entity without written consent from the Board. The Company may assign this Agreement without Employees further consent to any Affiliate (including without limitation to Riley Permian Operating Company, LLC), any successor of the Business of the Company or the Company Group (whether by merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, or sale of stock or equity interests), or any purchaser of the majority of the assets of the Company or the Company Group; provided, however, that in the event of a Change in Control, the Company shall cause the surviving entity in any such Change in Control to assume the Companys obligations under Sections 7 and 8 to the extent such obligations have not yet been fully performed. The Company may not transfer Employees employment to any Affiliate (including without limitation to Riley Permian Operating Company, LLC) unless the Company also assigns this Agreement to the Affiliate and the Affiliate expressly agrees to honor this Agreement in all respects. In the event of Employees death, this Agreement shall be enforceable by his estate, executors, or legal representatives and any payment owed to Employee hereunder after the date of Employees death shall be paid to Employees estate. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns.

17.Waiver of Right to Jury Trial. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY SHALL, AND HEREBY DOES, IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY, CLAIM, OR CAUSE OF ACTION AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES, INCLUDING ANY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO EMPLOYEES EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY, THE TERMINATION OF THAT EMPLOYMENT, OR THIS AGREEMENT (EITHER ALLEGED BREACH OR ENFORCEMENT).

18.Attorneys Fees and Other Costs. If either party breaches this Agreement, or if a dispute arises between the parties based on or involving this Agreement, the party that enforces its rights under this Agreement against the breaching party in a court of competent jurisdiction as determined by such court, or that prevails in the resolution of such dispute as determined by the court, shall be entitled to recover from the other party its or his reasonable attorneys fees, court costs, and expenses incurred in enforcing such rights or resolving such dispute.

19.Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties concerning its subject matters and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to such subject matters, including without limitation, the Original Agreement and any other agreement or policy relating to severance or similar benefits that would be payable to Employee upon termination of employment with the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, 

Employees execution of this Agreement does not constitute a termination of employment under Section 6 of the Original Agreement and is not intended to affect Employees right to receive compensation, payments, or other benefits granted, accrued, earned or owed under Section 5 of the Original Agreement prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Company has not made any promise or representation to him concerning this Agreement not expressed in this Agreement, and that, in signing this Agreement, he is not relying on any prior oral or written statement or representation by the Company or its representatives outside of this Agreement but is instead relying solely on his own judgment and his legal and tax advisors, if any. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 19, nothing in this Agreement shall impair or otherwise limit Employees rights and/or the Companys obligations under any indemnification agreement by and between the Company and Employee that may be entered into during the Term.

20.Inconsistencies. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with any provision of the Companys applicable benefit plan documents, insurance policies, or employment policies, the applicable provision of this Agreement shall govern.

21.Amendment. Any modification to or waiver of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Company may modify or amend this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time without the further consent of the Employee in any manner necessary to comply with applicable law and regulations or the listing or other requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Company or its Affiliate is listed; provided, however, that (i) any such amendment shall preserve the rights and benefits of Employee hereunder as reasonably possible, and (ii) the Company shall use reasonable efforts to consult with Employee prior to and regarding any such proposed amendment. 

22.Waiver. The waiver by either party of a breach of any term of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of a subsequent breach of the same provision by either party or of the breach of any other term or provision of this Agreement.

23.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, (a) this Agreement shall be considered divisible, (b) such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent it is deemed illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, and (c) in all other respects this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect; provided, however, that, if any such provision may be made enforceable by such court by limitation, then such provision shall be so limited by such court and shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

24.Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict-of-laws principles. The parties hereby irrevocably consent to the binding and exclusive venue for any dispute, controversy, claim, or cause of action between them arising out of or related to this Agreement being in the state or federal court of competent jurisdiction that regularly conducts proceedings or has jurisdiction in 

the State of Delaware. Nothing in this Agreement, however, precludes either party from seeking to remove a civil action from any state court to federal court.

25.Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Company Group and the Companys other Affiliates shall be included within the definition of Company for purposes of this Agreement, are intended to be third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and therefore may enforce this Agreement.

26.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall be considered one and the same agreement. The delivery of this Agreement in the form of a clearly legible facsimile or electronically scanned version by e-mail shall have the same force and effect as delivery of the originally executed document.

27.Code Section 409A.

a.Code Section 409A. The parties intend for all payments provided to Employee under this Agreement to be exempt from or comply with the provisions of Code Section 409A and not be subject to the tax imposed by Code Section 409A. In addition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is the intent of the parties that the Severance Pay, CIC Pay, and COBRA benefits set forth in Sections 7 and 8 of this Agreement be exempt from Code Section 409A as short-term deferrals, as involuntary separation pay, or under any other 409A exemption that may be applicable. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with the foregoing intents. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment amount or benefit due under this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment and Employees entitlement to a series of payments or benefits under this Agreement is to be treated as an entitlement to a series of separate payments.

b.Specified Employee Postponement. Notwithstanding the previous Section or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Company or an Affiliate that is treated as a service recipient (as defined in Section 409A) is publicly traded on an established securities market (or otherwise) and Employee is a specified employee (as defined below) and is entitled to receive a payment that is subject to Section 409A on account of Employees Separation from Service, such payment may not be made earlier than six months following the date of his Separation from Service if required by Section 409A, in which case, the accumulated postponed amount shall be paid in a lump sum payment on the Section 409A Payment Date. The Section 409A Payment Date is the earlier of (i) the date of Employees death or (ii) the date that is six months and one day after Employees Separation from Service. The determination of whether Employee is a specified employee shall be made in accordance with Section 409A using the default provisions in the Section 409A unless another permitted method has been prescribed for such purpose by the Company.

c.Reimbursement of In-Kind Benefits. Any reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement which constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b) shall be made or provided in accordance 

with the requirements of Code Section 409A, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any reimbursement is for expenses incurred during the period of time specified in this Agreement, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year, (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made no later than the last day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense is incurred, and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

28.Right to Consult an Attorney and Tax Advisor. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in this Agreement, Employee shall be solely responsible for any risk that the tax treatment of all or part of any payments provided by this Agreement may be affected by Code Section 409A, which may impose significant adverse tax consequences on him, including accelerated taxation, a 20% additional tax, and interest. Employee therefore has the right, and is encouraged by this Section, to consult with a tax advisor of his choice before signing this Agreement. Employee is also encouraged by this Section to consult with an attorney of his choice before signing this Agreement.

29.Representations of Employee. Employee represents and warrants that (a) he has not previously assumed any obligations inconsistent with those in this Agreement; (b) his execution of this Agreement, and his employment with the Company, shall not violate any other contract or obligation between Employee and any former employer or other third party; and (c) during the Term, he shall not use or disclose to anyone within the Company any other member of the Company Group any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former employer or other third party. Employee further represents and warrants that he has entered into this Agreement pursuant to his own initiative and that the Company did not induce him to execute this Agreement in contravention of any existing commitments. Employee further acknowledges that the Company has entered into this Agreement in reliance upon the foregoing representations of Employee.

30.Cooperation. The parties agree that certain matters in which Employee will be involved during the Term may necessitate Employees cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of Employees employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably requested by the Board, Employee shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of Employees service to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of Employees other activities. The Company shall reimburse Employee for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation and, to the extent that Employee is required to spend substantial time on such matters as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, the Company shall compensate Employee at an hourly rate based on Employees Base Salary on the Termination Date.

31.Survival. The following shall provisions shall survive the termination of Employees employment and/or the expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of the reasons for such expiration or termination: Section 7 (Payments and Benefits Due Upon Termination of Agreement), Section 8 (Payments and Benefits Due Upon Certain Change-in-

Control Events), Section 9 (Parachute Payment Limitation), Section 10 (Conditions on Receipt of Separation Benefits and Change-in-Control Benefits), Section 11 (Confidential Information), Section 15 (Survival and Enforcement of Covenants; Remedies), Section 17 (Waiver of Right to Jury Trial), Section 18 (Attorneys Fees and Other Costs), Section 19 (Entire Agreement), Section 20 (Inconsistencies), Section 24 (Governing Law; Venue), Section 30 (Cooperation), and Section 32 (Notices).

32.Notices. For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) when received or rejected if delivered personally or by courier; or (b) on the date receipt is acknowledged if delivered by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested:

If to Employee, addressed to: If to the Company, addressed to:

Bobby D. Riley

2008 Catalina Drive

Edmond, OK 73013

or the last known residential address reflected in the Companys records 

Riley Permian Exploration, Inc.

29 East Reno, Suite 500

Oklahoma City, OK 73104

Attention: Susan Prejean

or to such other address as either party may furnish to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices or changes of address shall be effective only upon receipt.

[Signature Page Follows]

AGREED as of the dates signed below:

RILEY PERMIAN EXPLORATION, INC.

By: /s/ Philip Riley 

Philip Riley

Chief Financial Officer

Date Signed: March 26, 2025 

EMPLOYEE

By: /s/ Bobby D. Riley 

Bobby D. Riley

Date Signed: March 26, 2025 

EXHIBIT A

GENERAL RELEASE AGREEMENT

[To be completed when employment terminates]

This General Release Agreement (this Agreement) constitutes the Release referred to in that certain Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement)executed and agreed to as of [], by and among Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. (the Company) and [] (Employee).

(a) Capitalized words used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as such terms are assigned by the Employment Agreement. In exchange for the Separation Benefits or Change-in-Control Benefits, as applicable, to be provided to Employee by the Company in accordance with the Employment Agreement, the Employee releases, waives, acquits, and forever discharges to the maximum extent permitted by law any and all rights, claims, and demands of whatever kind or character, whether presently known to me or unknown, and whether vicarious, derivative, or direct or indirect, that he may have or assert against (i) the Company; (ii) any parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of the Company, including without limitation Riley Permian Operating Company, LLC; (iii) any past or present officer, director, or employee of the entities just referred to in (i)-(ii), in their individual and official capacities; and (iv) any past or present predecessors, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, owners, shareholders, members, managers, benefit plans, operating units, divisions, agents, representatives, officers, directors, partners, employees, fiduciaries, insurers, attorneys, successors, and assigns of the entities just named in (i)-(iii) (the Released Parties). This release includes without limitation any claims arising under federal, state, or local laws prohibiting employment discrimination, [including without limitation the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA)]; any claims growing out of any legal restrictions, contractual or otherwise, on the Companys right to terminate the employment of its employees; any claims arising out of Employees employment with the Company or the termination of that employment; any claims relating to or arising out of any agreement or contract between Employee and any of the Released Parties; and any claims arising out of or based on any other act, conduct, or omission of any of the Released Parties (collectively, the rights, claims, and demands referenced above are referred to as the Released Claims). This release does not prevent Employee from filing any administrative claims for unemployment compensation or workers compensation benefits. This Agreement is not intended to indicate that any Released Claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are meritorious. Rather, Employee is simply agreeing that, in exchange for the Separation Payments, any and all potential claims of this nature that Employee may have against the Released Parties, regardless of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised, and waived.

In no event shall the Released Claims include [(a) any claim under the ADEA which arises after the date this Agreement is signed by Employee], (b) any claim to vested benefits under an employee benefit plan, (c) any claims for [describe any indemnification rights that survive termination under any applicable agreements or at law], or (d) any claim relating to Employees status as [a director (other than claims for unpaid director compensation, claims for indemnification, and claims for coverage under D&O insurance) if Employee remains a director following the termination of his employment or] a stockholder of the Company or any other Released Party. Further, the parties expressly acknowledge that Employee retains the 

{00035049.DOCX:2 } -1-

following equity interests, which are not waived by this Agreement, and which continue to be governed by the agreement and/or plan through which they were awarded: [summary of equity ownership and agreement(s)/plan(s) that is/are source(s) of entitlement (including any applicable restricted unit agreements and the rights therein that survive such termination)].

By signing this Agreement, Employee is bound by it. Anyone who succeeds to Employees rights and responsibilities, such as heirs or the executor of Employees estate, is also bound by this Agreement. The release set forth in this Agreement also applies to any claims brought by any person or agency or class action under which Employee may have a right or benefit.

Notwithstanding the release in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement prevents Employee from (i) contacting, filing a charge or complaint with, providing information to, or cooperating with an investigation conducted by, any governmental agency, (ii) making disclosures or giving truthful testimony as required by law or valid legal process (such as by a subpoena), or (iii) engaging in other legally-protected activities. Employee acknowledges and agrees, however, that he forever waives any right to recover, and he will not request or accept, anything of monetary value from any of the Released Parties arising out of or connected in any way with his employment or the ending of his employment with the Company, the employment practices of the Company, or with any other act, conduct, or omission of any of the Released Parties, other than the Separation Payments, whether sought directly by him or by any governmental agency, individuals, or group of individuals on his behalf.

THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT, INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY, OF ANY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES.

(b) Employee agrees not to bring or join any lawsuit, arbitration, or other proceeding against any of the Released Parties in any court relating to any of the Released Claims. Employee represents that Employee has not brought or joined any lawsuit or filed any charge or claim against any of the Released Parties in any court or before any government agency and has made no assignment of any rights Employee has asserted or may have against any of the Released Parties to any person (including any entity), in each case, with respect to any Released Claims.

(c) Employee further agrees to (i) keep confidential and not to disclose to anyone the terms of this Agreement, except as permitted below or by law and except that he may disclose the terms to his family, attorney, or tax or financial advisor, if any, provided such persons have agreed to keep such information confidential, (ii) not make any disparaging remarks to any third party about the Released Parties or their operations, practices, officers, directors, members, managers, employees, or contractors, (iii) not use or disclose any Confidential Information of the Released Parties he received during his employment and to comply with his continuing post-termination obligations owed to the Company under the Employment Agreement and otherwise, and (iv) promptly return to the Company all property of any Released Party in his possession or 

{00035049.DOCX:2 } -2-

under his control. [With respect to (iii), the Restricted Area is as follows: _______________________.]

Employees covenants in Sections 11-13 of the Employment Agreement (and those provisions necessary to enforce and interpret them) remain in full force and effect, and Employee promises to abide by such covenants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement or the Employment Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Employee from lawfully (a) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by, any governmental agency regarding a possible violation of any law; (b) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to the Employee from any governmental agency; (c) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding by any governmental agency relating to a possible violation of law or (d) making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law. Further, nothing herein or in the Employment Agreement shall prevent Employee from, nor shall Employee be criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for, making a disclosure of trade secrets or other confidential information that is: (a) made (i) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of applicable law; (b) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; or (c) protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law.

(e) By executing and delivering this Agreement, Employee acknowledges that: (i) Employee has carefully read this Agreement; (ii) Employee has had at least 55 days to consider this Agreement before the execution and delivery hereof to the Company; (iii) Employee has been and hereby is advised in writing that Employee may, at Employees option, discuss this Agreement with an attorney of Employees choice and that Employee has had adequate opportunity to do so; (iv) Employee fully understands the final and binding effect of this Agreement and agrees that the only promises made to Employee to sign this Agreement are those stated in the Employment Agreement and herein; (v) Employee is signing this Agreement voluntarily and of Employees own free will and Employee understands and agrees to each of the terms of this Agreement; and (vi) Employee has been paid all wages and other compensation to which Employee is entitled pursuant to his employment with the Company and received all leaves (paid and unpaid) to which Employee was entitled during such employment.

Employee further acknowledges and agrees that (1) he has been given a reasonable period to read and consider this Agreement before signing it; (2) this Agreement and the Employment Agreement contain the entire understandings and agreements between the Company and him regarding their subject matters and supersede all prior agreements and understandings between them; (3) he has read this Agreement and fully understands the effect of his signing this Agreement; (4) in signing this Agreement, he is not relying on any written or oral statement or promise from the Company other than in this Agreement and the Employment Agreement; (5) this Agreement shall be governed by Delaware law and exclusive venue for any claim between the parties or their affiliates arising out of or related this Agreement is in any state or federal 

{00035049.DOCX:2 } -3-

court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware; and (6) nothing in this Agreement constitutes any sort of admission of liability.

[Notwithstanding the initial effectiveness of this Agreement, Employee may revoke the delivery (and therefore the effectiveness) of this Agreement within the seven-day period beginning on the date Employee delivers this Agreement to the Company (such seven day period being referred to herein as the Release Revocation Period). To be effective, such revocation must be in writing signed by Employee and must be delivered to the Companys Chief Executive Officer on or before 11:59 p.m., E.S.T., on the last day of the Release Revocation Period. If an effective revocation is delivered in the foregoing manner and timeframe, this Agreement shall be of no force or effect and shall be null and void ab initio. No Separation Benefits or Change-in-Control Benefits, as applicable, shall be paid if this Agreement is revoked by Employee in the foregoing manner.]

Executed on this ___________ day of _____________, _______.

___________________ 

[Employee] 

{00035049.DOCX:2 } -4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>prileyrepxamendedandrestat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
Document

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (this Agreement), dated March 26, 2025 with an effective date of April 8, 2025 (the Effective Date), is by and between Riley Exploration Permian, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Philip Riley (Employee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company and its current and future subsidiaries and Affiliates (as defined below) in which the Company, directly or indirectly, has an interest (such subsidiaries and Affiliates, the Company Group) are engaged in oil and natural gas exploration and production, including owning, operating, leasing, acquiring, exploring, marketing, developing, producing, and otherwise disposing of oil and gas interests involving oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquid reserves in the Permian Basin (the Business); and

WHEREAS, Employee and the Company previously entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated March 15, 2021(the Original Agreement).

WHEREAS, Section 21 of the Original Agreement permits the parties to amend the Original Agreement if such amendment is in writing and signed by the parties.

WHEREAS, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the parties thus desire for this Agreement to amend, supersede, and fully restate and replace the Original Agreement.

WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ Employee to provide services to the Business, and Employee desires to continue to be employed by the Company, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree to the following terms:

TERMS

1.Employment and Position. During the Term (as defined below), the Company shall employ Employee as its Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Strategy, which is the same position as Employee held immediately before the Effective Date, and Employee shall continue to serve in such capacity, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Employee shall during the Term continue to report directly to the Companys Chief Executive Officer (the CEO).

2.Duties.

a.Duties for the Company and the Company Group. During the Term (as defined below), Employee shall continue to have the same duties, responsibilities, and authorities for the Company as he had immediately before the Effective Date in addition to such duties, responsibilities, and authorities as may be lawfully assigned by the CEOin his reasonable discretion, including without limitation duties, responsibilities, and authorities with respect to the Company Group and their Affiliates.

b.Working Time and Best-Effort Requirements and Permitted Outside Activities. During the Term (as defined below), Employee shall devote his full working time as well as his best efforts, abilities, knowledge, and experience to the Business and affairs of the Company and the Company Group as necessary to faithfully perform his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement. As long as such service and investments do not prevent Employee from fulfilling his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement or directly or indirectly compete with the Company or the Company Group, in each case as determined by the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) in its sole discretion, Employee may, without violating this Agreement, (i) serve as an officer or director of any civic or charitable organization, (ii) passively own securities in publicly traded companies if the aggregate amount owned by him and all family members and Affiliates does not exceed 2% of any such companys outstanding securities, and (iii) passively invest his personal assets in such form or manner as will not require any services by Employee in the operation of the entities in which such investments are made.

c.Compliance with Company Policies. During the Term (as defined below), Employee shall comply with all applicable Company rules and policies as a condition of employment.

d.Duty of Loyalty. During the Term (as defined below), Employee shall owe a fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance to act in the best interests of the Company and each member of the Company Group, and to not act in a manner that would materially injure their business, interests, or reputations. In keeping with these duties, Employee shall make full disclosure to the Board of all opportunities pertaining to the Business of the Company and the Company Group that come to his attention during the Term and shall not appropriate for his own benefit any such Business opportunities concerning the subject matter of the fiduciary relationship.

3.Primary Work LocationAlthough Employee shall be expected to travel from time to time as necessary to perform his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement and to be present at the Companys headquarters in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma as may be reasonably requested by the Company, his primary work location during the Term (as defined below) shall be from an office in the Houston, Texas area.

4.Term of Agreement and Employment.

a.Initial Term. This Agreement shall be in full force and effect for an Initial Term of two (2) years commencing on the Effective Date and expiring on the second 

anniversary of the Effective Date (the Expiration Date), unless terminated before the Expiration Date in accordance with Section 6.

b.Renewal Term. Notwithstanding Section 4(a), the effectiveness of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for an additional one-year term on the Expiration Date (each, a Renewal Term) and on each successive anniversary of the Expiration Date (each, a Renewal Date), unless and until (i) either party gives written notice of non-renewal at least 90 days before the Expiration Date or any Renewal Date; or (ii) the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 6. The Companys non-renewal of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be deemed a termination without Cause for purposes of this Agreement.

c.Term. For all purposes in this Agreement, the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms are referred to collectively as the Term of this Agreement.

5.Compensation and Employment Benefits. In consideration of the performance of Employees duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement, the Company shall provide Employee with the following compensation and employment benefits during the Term:

a.Base Salary. The Company shall provide Employee with an annualized base salary of no less than $484,000.00 (the Base Salary), prorated for any partial period of employment and payable in accordance with the Companys ordinary payroll policies and procedures for employee compensation. The Board may review the Base Salary in good faith during the Term and may delegate its authority under this Agreement to the Compensation Committee of the Company (the Compensation Committee), provided that, except as provided in Section 15(c) below, such delegation shall not constitute authority to modify or amend the terms of this Agreement without the consent of the Employee, as provided by Section 21 below.

b.Discretionary Bonuses and Other Discretionary Incentive Compensation.

i.Short-Term Incentive (STI) Bonuses. Beginning with fiscal year 2025, Employee shall be eligible to receive annual discretionary STI bonuses in cash (each, an Annual Bonus) during each fiscal year of his employment with the Company prorated for any partial period of employment in accordance with this Section to the same extent similarly situated executives of the Company; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Annual Bonus for fiscal year 2025 shall not be prorated. The amount of any Annual Bonus shall be determined by the Board in its sole discretion based on its assessment of Employees performance against applicable performance objectives as well as Company performance. Factors such as whether Annual Bonuses are paid, eligibility for Annual Bonuses, when such Annual Bonuses are paid, and the amount of Annual Bonuses are at the sole discretion of the Board. Except as provided below in this Agreement, Employee shall not be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus unless he remains employed by the Company through the date on which such Annual Bonus is paid.

ii.Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards. During each fiscal year of his employment, Employee shall be eligible to receive prospective (x) annual time based awards 

with three-year graded vesting schedules and (y) performance based awards based upon the achievement of corporate performance goals established from year to year by the Board with a three-year cliff vesting schedule (collectively, Annual Equity Awards). Employees entitlement to an Annual Equity Award remains subject to approval by the Board and shall be granted pursuant to, and subject to, the Companys Amended and Restated 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan (as it may be amended from time to time, the LTIP) and applicable Restricted Stock Agreements (each, an Award Agreement), in the form established by the Board in its sole discretion, provided that the terms and conditions of any such Award Agreement shall be consistent with the terms and conditions of this Section, including without limitation, the vesting schedule thereof.

iii.Other Benefits. Employee shall also be eligible to participate in all of the Companys discretionary short-term and long-term incentive compensation plans, programs, and arrangements, if any, generally made available to other similarly situated senior executive officers of the Company.

iv.Payment. All Annual Bonuses and Annual Equity Awards earned and payable to Employee by the Company shall be paid to Employee in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the end of the Companys fiscal year. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and for the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall be eligible to receive the Annual Bonus for any completed fiscal year and for the fiscal year in which such Employees employment is terminated if such termination is: (i) by the Company without Cause, or (ii) by Employee for Good Reason; provided, however, that such Annual Bonus shall be paid on the date that Annual Bonuses are paid to other senior executive officers of the Company after the end of the taxable year in which any substantial risk of forfeiture with respect to such Annual Bonuses lapse and the Annual Bonus amount shall be determined by the Board in its sole discretion based on its assessment of the Annual Bonus amount that Employee would have received based on achievement of performance goals for the applicable fiscal year.

c.Welfare, Pension and Incentive Benefit. During the Term, Employee (and Employees spouse and/or eligible dependents to the extent provided in the applicable plans and programs) will be eligible to participate in and be covered under all the welfare benefit plans or programs maintained by the Company for the benefit of its senior executive officers, including, without limitation, all medical, life, hospitalization, dental, disability, accidental death and dismemberment, and travel accident insurance plans and programs. In addition, during the Term, Employee will be eligible to participate in all 401(k), retirement, savings and other employee benefit plans and programs maintained from time to time by the Company for the benefit of its senior executive officers. Such benefits shall be governed by the applicable plan documents, insurance policies, or employment policies, and may be modified, suspended, or revoked in accordance with the terms of the applicable documents or policies without violating this Agreement.

d.Vacation. Employee shall be entitled to 6 weeks per year of paid vacation in accordance with the Companys vacation policy during the Term. Employee may use his vacation in a reasonable manner based upon the business needs of the Company. Unless 

otherwise specifically permitted under the Companys vacation policy applicable to similarly situated employees, any accrued and unused vacation shall not be carried over from year to year. Unless required by such vacation policy or applicable law, any amounts accrued and owing for the applicable year shall not be paid to Employee upon the termination of his employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination.

e.Fringe Benefits. During the Term, the Company will provide Employee with such other fringe benefits as commensurate with Employees position as determined by the Board in its sole discretion.

f.Reimbursement of Business Expenses. Employee shall be authorized to incur ordinary, necessary, and reasonable business and travel expenses while performing his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement and promoting the Companys Business and activities during the Term. The Company shall reimburse Employee for all such expenses incurred in accordance with the Companys policies and practices concerning reimbursement of business expenses that are submitted to the Company for reimbursement no later than 60 days after the applicable expense was incurred. Any such reimbursement shall be made as soon as reasonably practicable following the end of the taxable year in which the applicable expense was incurred.

g.Payroll Deductions. With respect to any compensation or benefits required to be paid under this Agreement, the Company shall withhold any amounts authorized by Employee and all amounts required to be withheld by applicable federal, state, or local law.

6.Termination of Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated as follows and any termination of this Agreement shall also constitute a termination of Employees employment with the Company:

a.Death; Inability to Perform. This Agreement shall terminate immediately if the Employee dies and may be terminated upon notice to the Employee by the Company of his Inability to Perform (as defined below). If Employees employment hereunder shall terminate on account of his death or Inability to Perform (as defined below), then all compensation and all benefits to Employee hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that Employee (or Employees legal representative, estate, and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations (as defined below). Inability to Perform shall be deemed to occur when: (i) Employee receives disability benefits under the Companys applicable long-term-disability plan; or (ii) the Board, upon the written report of a qualified physician designated by the Company or its insurer, has determined in its sole discretion (after a complete physical examination of Employee at any time after he has been absent for a period of at least 90 consecutive calendar days or 120 calendar days in any 12-month period) that Employee has become physically or mentally incapable of performing his essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation as required by law.

b.By the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate this Agreement for any Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean any act or omission of 

Employee that constitutes any: (i) material breach of this Agreement, (ii) Employees failure or refusal to perform Employees duties, including, but not limited to, the failure or refusal to follow any lawful directive of the CEO or the Board within the reasonable scope of Employees duties, (iii) material violation of any written employment policy or rule of the Company or the Company Group, which results, or is likely to result in, any material reputational, financial, or other harm to the Company or the Company Group, (iv) misappropriation of any funds, property, or business opportunity of the Company or the Company Group, (v) illegal use or distribution of drugs or any abuse of alcohol in any manner that adversely affects Employees performance, (vi) fraud upon the Company or the Company Group or bad faith, dishonest, or disloyal acts or omissions toward the Company or the Company Group, (vii) commission, indictment, or conviction of any felony or any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, or (viii) other acts or omissions contrary to the best interests of the Company or the Company Group which has caused, or is likely to cause, material harm to them. If the Board determines in its sole discretion that a cure is possible and appropriate, the Company shall give Employee written notice of the acts or omissions constituting Cause and no termination of this Agreement shall be for Cause unless and until Employee fails to cure such acts or omissions within 30 days following receipt of such written notice. If the Board determines in its sole discretion that a cure is not possible and appropriate, Employee shall have no notice or cure rights before this Agreement is terminated for Cause.

c.By the Company Without Cause. The Company may terminate this Agreement for no reason or any reason other than death, Inability to Perform, or for Cause by providing advance written notice to Employee that the Company is terminating the Agreement without Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, a termination without Cause by the Company shall include the Companys non-renewal of this Agreement in accordance with Section 4(b).

d.By Employee with Good Reason. Employee shall be permitted to terminate this Agreement for any Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall exist in the event any of the following actions are taken without Employees consent: (i) a material diminution in Employees Base Salary, duties, responsibilities, or authorities; (ii) a requirement that Employee report to an officer or employee other than the CEO or the Board; (iii) a material relocation of Employees primary work location more than 50 miles away from the Companys corporate headquarters; (iv) any other action or inaction by the Company that constitutes a material breach of its obligations under this Agreement. To exercise his right to terminate for Good Reason, Employee must provide written notice to the Company of his belief that Good Reason exists within 90 days of the initial existence of the condition(s) giving rise to Good Reason, and that notice shall describe the condition(s) believed to constitute Good Reason. The Company shall have 30 days to remedy the Good Reason condition(s). If not remedied within that 30-day period, Employee may terminate this Agreement; provided, however, that such termination must occur no later than 180 days after the date of the initial existence of the condition(s) giving rise to the Good Reason; otherwise, Employee shall be deemed to have accepted the condition(s), or the Companys correction of such condition(s), that may have given rise to the existence of Good Reason.

e.By Employee Without Good Reason. Employee may terminate this Agreement for no reason or any reason other than for Good Reason by providing at least 30 days written notice to the Company that Employee is terminating the Agreement without Good Reason.

f.Expiration of Term; Non-Renewal. Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing a proper notice of non-renewal to the other party in accordance with Section 4(b). For purposes of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 4(b) and Section 6(c) hereto, a termination without Cause shall include the Companys non-renewal of this Agreement.

g.Termination Date. For purposes of this Agreement, the Termination Date shall mean (i) if this Agreement is terminated because of Employees death, the date of death, (ii) if this Agreement is terminated because of Employees Inability to Perform, the date the Company notifies Employee of the termination, (iii) if this Agreement is terminated by the Company for Cause, by the Company without Cause, by Employee for Good Reason, or by Employee without Good Reason, the applicable effective date of such termination set forth in the required notice of such termination, and (iv) if this Agreement is terminated by either party giving a proper notice of non-renewal as permitted in Section 4(b) above, the last day of the Term.

7.Payments and Benefits Due Upon Termination of Agreement.

a.Accrued Obligations. Upon any termination of this Agreement, the Company shall have no further obligation to Employee under this Agreement, except for (i) payment to Employee of all earned but unpaid Base Salary through the Termination Date, prorated as provided above, and all earned but unpaid Annual Bonus due as of the Termination Date, (ii) provision to Employee, in accordance with the terms of the applicable benefit plan of the Company or to the extent required by law, of any benefits to which Employee has a vested entitlement as of the Termination Date, (iii) payment to Employee of any accrued unused vacation owed to Employee as of the Termination Date if such payment is required under the Companys vacation policy or applicable law, (iv) payment to Employee of any un-reimbursed business expenses incurred through the Termination Date in accordance with applicable Company policy and this Agreement, and (v) if applicable, the Separation Benefits (as defined below). The payments and benefits just described in (i)-(iv) shall constitute the Accrued Obligations and shall be paid when due under this Agreement, the Companys plans and policies, and/or applicable law.

b.Separation Benefits. If this Agreement is terminated either by the Company without Cause in accordance with Section 6(c) (including the Companys non-renewal of this Agreement) or by Employee resigning his employment for Good Reason in accordance with Section 6(d), the Company shall have no further obligation to Employee under this Agreement, except the Company shall provide the Accrued Obligations to Employee in accordance with Section 7(a) plus the following payments and benefits (collectively, the Separation Benefits) to Employee: (i) an amount equal to one (1) times the sum of the Base 

Salary in effect immediately before the Termination Date plus the Annual Bonus received by Employee for the fiscal year preceding the Termination Date (together, the Separation Pay); and (ii) during the six-month period commencing on the Termination Date that Employee is eligible to elect and elects to continue coverage for himself and his eligible dependents under the Companys group health insurance plan pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA), or similar state law, the Company shall reimburse Employee on a monthly basis for the difference between the amount Employee pays to effect and continue such coverage under COBRA and the employee contribution amount that active employees of the Company pay for the same or similar coverage; provided, however, that Employee shall notify the Company in writing within five days after he becomes eligible after the Termination Date for group health insurance coverage, if any, through subsequent employment or otherwise and the Company shall have no further reimbursement obligation after Employee becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage due to subsequent employment or otherwise. The Separation Pay shall be paid to Employee in a lump sum within 60 days of the Termination Date; provided, however, that no Separation Pay shall be paid to Employee unless the Company receives, on or within 55 days after the Termination Date, an executed and fully effective copy of the Release (as defined below). Any reimbursements due under this Section shall be made by the last day of the month following the month in which the applicable premiums were paid by Employee.

For the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall not be entitled to the Separation Benefits if this Agreement is terminated (i) due to Employees death; (ii) by the Company due to Employees Inability to Perform; (iii) by the Company for Cause; (iv) by Employee without Good Reason; or (v) by non-renewal by Employee in accordance with Sections 4(b) and 6(f).

c.Impact of Termination of Employment on Annual Equity Awards. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the treatment of Employees Annual Equity Awards, and any other awards received by Employee during the Term pursuant to the LTIP, shall be exclusively governed by the terms and conditions of the LTIP and the applicable Award Agreement or Award Agreements as a result of and following the termination of Employees employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination.

8.Payments and Benefits Due Upon Certain Change-in-Control Events. The parties acknowledge that Employee has entered into this Agreement based on his confidence in the current stockholders of the Company and the support of the Board. Accordingly, if the Company should undergo a Change in Control the parties agree as follows:

a.Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following definitions:

i.Affiliate: except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, for purposes of this Agreement, Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company; provided, however, that a natural person shall not be considered an Affiliate.

ii.Change in Control: a Change in Control has the same meaning as assigned by the LTIP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of Control shall not include the IPO or a public offering of the Companys common stock or a transaction with its sole purpose to change the state of the Companys incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately before such transaction.

iii.CIC Effective Date: means the date upon which a Change in Control occurs.

iv.Code: means Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

b.Change-in-Control Benefits. If Employee is employed by the Company on the CIC Effective Date and this Agreement is terminated on or before the six-month anniversary of the CIC Effective Date by the Company without Cause in accordance with Section 6(c) or by Employee for Good Reason in accordance with Section 6(d), then the Company shall have no further obligation to Employee under this Agreement or otherwise, except the Company shall provide Employee with the Accrued Obligations in accordance with Section 7(a) plus the following payments and benefits (collectively, the Change-in-Control Benefits) in lieu of any Separation Benefits that may otherwise be due under Section 7(b): (i) an amount equal to 200% of the Base Salary in effect immediately before the Termination Date plus 200% of the Annual Bonus received by Employee for the fiscal year preceding the Termination Date (together, the CIC Pay); and (ii) during the 6-month period commencing on the Termination Date that Employee is eligible to elect and elects to continue coverage for himself and his eligible dependents under the Companys group health insurance plan pursuant to COBRA or similar state law, the Company shall reimburse Employee on a monthly basis for the difference between the amount Employee pays to effect and continue such coverage under COBRA and the employee contribution amount that active employees of the Company pay for the same or similar coverage; provided, however, that Employee shall notify the Company in writing within five days after he becomes eligible after the Termination Date for group health insurance coverage, if any, through subsequent employment or otherwise and the Company shall have no further reimbursement obligation after the Employee becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage due to subsequent employment or otherwise. The CIC Pay shall be paid to the Employee in a lump sum within 60 days of the Termination Date; provided, however, that no CIC Pay shall be paid to the Employee unless the Company receives, on or within 55 days after the Termination Date, an executed and fully effective copy of the Release (as defined below). Any reimbursements due under this Section shall be made by the last day of the month following the month in which the applicable premiums were paid by the Employee.

For the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall not be entitled to the Change-in-Control Benefits if this Agreement is terminated (i) due to Employees death; (ii) by the Company due to Employees Inability to Perform; (iii) by the Company for Cause; (iv) by Employee without Good Reason; or (v) by non-renewal by Employee in accordance with Sections 4(b) and 6(f).

9.Parachute Payment Limitation. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in this Agreement, if Employee is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G of the Code), and any of the payments and benefits described herein, together with any other payments which Employee has the right to receive from the Company, would, in the aggregate, constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G of the Code), then such payments and benefits shall be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the aggregate present value of such payments and benefits received by Employee from the Company shall be $1.00 less than three times Employees base amount (as defined in Section 280G of the Code) and so that no portion of such payments received by Employee shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax result for Employee (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any applicable income tax). The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits is necessary shall be made by the Board in its sole discretion and such determination shall be conclusive and binding on Employee; provided, however, that any such reduction shall be made in the manner that is most beneficial to Employee. If a reduced payment is made to Employee pursuant to clause (a) above and through error or otherwise that payment, when aggregated with other payments from the Company (or its affiliates) used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds $1.00 less than three times Employees base amount, Employee shall immediately repay such excess to the Company upon notification that an overpayment has been made.

10.Conditions on Receipt of Separation Benefits and Change-in-Control Benefits.

a.Execution and Non-Revocation of General Release Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Companys payment to Employee of the Separation Benefits or the Change-in-Control Benefits, as applicable, is subject to the conditions that (i) the Employee fully complies with all applicable restrictive covenants under Sections 11-13 of this Agreement; and (ii) within 55 days after the Termination Date, the Employee executes, delivers to the Company, and does not revoke as permitted by applicable law a General Release Agreement in a form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release) that, among other things, fully and finally releases and waives any and all claims, demands, actions, and suits whatsoever which he has or may have against the Company, the Company Group, and their Affiliates, whether under this Agreement or otherwise, that arose before the Release was executed. For purposes of this Agreement, the Release shall not become fully enforceable and irrevocable until Employee has timely executed the Release and not revoked his acceptance of the Release within seven days after its execution.

b.Separation from Service Requirement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Employee shall be entitled to the Separation Benefits or the Change-in-Control Benefits, as applicable, only if the termination of this Agreement constitutes Employees Separation from Service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h).

11.Confidential Information.

a.Scope and Definition of Confidential Information. Employee acknowledges that the Company and the Company Group have developed substantial goodwill with their employees, customers, and others with which they do business and competitively valuable information in connection with the Business. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that the following items shall be entitled to trade secret protection and constitute Confidential Information under this Agreement regardless of when such Confidential Information was disclosed to Employee: any information used in the Business that gives the Company, the Company Group, or their Affiliates an advantage over competitors and is not generally known by competitors or readily ascertainable by independent investigation, and includes without limitation all trade secrets (as defined by applicable law); technical information, including all ideas, prospects, proposals, and other opportunities pertaining to exploring, producing, gathering, transporting, marketing, treating, or processing of hydrocarbons and related products and services, inventions, computer programs, computer processes, computer codes, software, website structure and content, databases, formulae, designs, compilations of information, data, proprietary processes, and know-how related to operations; financial information, including margins, earnings, accounts payable, and accounts receivable; business information, including business plans, expansion plans, business proposals, pending projects, pending proposals, sales data, and contracts; advertising information, including costs and strategies; customer information, including customer contacts, customer lists, customer identities, customer preferences and needs, customer purchasing or service terms, and specially negotiated terms with customers; supplier information, including supplier lists, supplier identities, contact information, capabilities, services, prices, costs, and specially negotiated terms with suppliers; information about future plans, including marketing strategies, target markets, promotions, sales plans, projects and proposals, research and development, and new materials research; inventory information, including quality-control procedures, inventory ordering practices, inventory lists, and inventory storage and shipping methods; information regarding personnel and employment policies and practices, including employee lists, contact information, performance information, compensation data and incentive information (including any bonus or commission plan terms), benefits, and training programs; and information regarding independent contractors and subcontractors, including independent contractor and subcontractor lists, contact information, compensation, and agreements. Confidential Information shall also include all information contained in any manual or electronic document or file created by the Company, the Company Group, or their Affiliates and provided or made available to Employee. Confidential Information shall not include any information in the public domain, through no disclosure or wrongful act of Employee, to such an extent as to be readily available to competitors.

b.Agreement to Provide Confidential Information to Employee. In exchange for Employees promises in this Agreement, the Company agrees during the Term to provide Employee with access to previously undisclosed Confidential Information related to his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement.

c.Agreement to Return Company Property and Confidential Information. At any time during employment upon demand by the Company, and immediately upon termination of this Agreement, regardless of the reason for such termination, Employee shall return to the 

Company all property of the Company or the Company Group in his possession or under his control, including without limitation all Confidential Information.

d.Agreement not to Use or Disclose Confidential Information in Unauthorized Manner. Employee acknowledges and agrees that (i) due to their Business, the Company and the Company Group will continue to develop new and additional Confidential Information after the Effective Date that has not been previously disclosed to him; (ii) all Confidential Information is considered confidential and proprietary to the Company and the Company Group; and (iii) he has no right, other than under this Agreement, to receive any Confidential Information. Employee shall at all times hold in strictest confidence, and shall not disclose or use, any Confidential Information (regardless of whether received before or after the Effective Date) except for the exclusive benefit of the Company and the Company Group in the ordinary course of performing his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement, and otherwise only with the prior written consent of the Board. Employee shall promptly advise the Board in writing of any unauthorized release or use of any Confidential Information, and shall take reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized persons or entities from having access to, obtaining, being furnished with, disclosing, or using any Confidential Information.

e.Protected Activities. Nothing in this Agreement (or any policy, procedure, or agreements of or with the Company or the Company Group) is intended to, or does, prohibit Employee from (i) contacting, reporting to, communicating with, responding truthfully to an inquiry from, providing truthful information to, filing a charge or complaint with, cooperating with, making truthful statements under oath, or otherwise testifying or participating in any investigation, hearing, or other proceeding being conducted by or before, any federal or state law enforcement, governmental, or regulatory agency or body (such as the U.S. Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Occupational Safety & Health Administration, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the U.S. Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, or another federal or state law enforcement, regulatory, or fair employment practices agency), regarding possible or alleged violations of law or unlawful acts in the workplace, and doing so in each instance without prior notice to or authorization from the Company; (ii) making statements or disclosures regarding any sexual assault or sexual harassment dispute in compliance with the Speak Out Act; (iii) giving truthful testimony or making statements under oath in response to a subpoena or other valid legal process or in any legal proceeding; (iv) otherwise making truthful statements as required by law or valid legal process; or (v) disclosing a trade secret in confidence to a governmental official, directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, if the disclosure is made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. Accordingly, Employee understands that he shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Employee likewise understands that, in the event he files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, he may disclose the trade secret(s) of the Company or the Company Group to his attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if he (i) files 

any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (ii) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. In accordance with applicable law, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement or any of any policies, procedures, or agreements of the Company or the Company Group applicable to Employee (i) impedes his right to communicate with the SEC or any other governmental agency about possible violations of federal securities or other laws or regulations or (ii) requires him to provide any prior notice to the Company or the Company Group or obtain their prior approval before engaging in any such communications.

12.Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Restrictive Covenants.

a.Acknowledgment of Competitive Business. Employee acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Business of the Company and the Company Group is highly competitive; (ii) he is entitled by virtue of his position of trust and confidence with the Company and the Company Group and his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement to access Confidential Information which could be used by competitors of the Company and the Company Group in a manner that would irreparably harm their competitive position in the marketplace; (iii) he will be responsible under this Agreement and as the trusted representative of the Company and the Company Group for developing and continuing valuable business relationships and goodwill on behalf of them with their most important customers, vendors, and employees; (iv) he could call on such relationships, goodwill, and Confidential Information if he competed against the Company or the Company Group to gain an unfair competitive advantage that would irreparably harm them; and (v) the goodwill and Confidential Information Employee will develop and receive pursuant to this Agreement will enhance his reputation in the Business and increase his earning capacity.

b.Acknowledgment of Need for Protection. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that it would be impossible for him to ignore all knowledge of the Confidential Information and goodwill if he were to compete against the Company or the Company Group in the Business. It is, therefore, reasonable and proper for the Company and the Company Group to protect against the intentional or inadvertent use of the Confidential Information and goodwill in competition with them in the Business. Accordingly, Employee agrees that a prohibition against his competing with the Company and the Company Group in the Business or soliciting customers, vendors, employees, or other service providers of the Company or the Company Group during the Term and for a reasonable period of time thereafter within a reasonable geographic area is appropriate and necessary for the protection of the Confidential Information, goodwill, and other legitimate business interests of the Company and the Company Group.

c.Covenant not to Compete. Beginning on the Effective Date and continuing for 12 months after the termination of Employees employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination (the Restricted Period), Employee shall not directly or indirectly (including without limitation through any family member or controlled Affiliate) (i) have any ownership interest in, serve as an officer, director, consultant, independent contractor, subcontractor, or employee, in each case to the extent Employee is providing services 

in a capacity similar to the capacity in which Employee served the Company or the Company Group, in any business or activity that is in engaged in leasing, acquiring, exploring, developing, or producing hydrocarbons and related products within the boundaries of, or within a five-mile radius of the boundaries of, (A) any mineral property interest of the Company or the Company Group (including, without limitation, a mineral lease, overriding royalty interest, production payment, net profits interest, mineral fee interest, or option or right to acquire any of the foregoing, or an area of mutual interest as designated pursuant to contractual agreements between the Company, the Company Group, or their Affiliates and any third party), (B) any other property on which the Company or the Company Group have an option, right, license, or authority to conduct or direct exploratory activities, such as three dimensional seismic acquisition or other seismic, geophysical and geochemical activities, or (C) any producing well or any well-in-progress being drilled and/or completed by the Company or the Company Group, in each case in (A), (B), and (C) during the Term or as identified by the Company in writing as of or following the Termination Date, as applicable, in Yoakum County, Texas or Eddy County, New Mexico (the Restricted Area); or (ii) solicit, canvass, or accept business for any person or entity that provides products or services that directly or indirectly compete with the products or services of the Company or the Company Group in the Business in the Restricted Area.

d.Covenant not to Solicit. During the Restricted Period, Employee shall not directly or indirectly, on behalf of himself or any third party (including without limitation through any family member or controlled Affiliate), (i) solicit the sale of goods, services, or a combination of goods and services from the established customers of the Company or the Company Group on behalf of himself or any other entity that competes against the Company Group in the Business in the United States or (ii) solicit, hire, or otherwise engage as an employee, independent contractor, or otherwise, any person who is an employee or non-employee service provider of the Company or the Company Group or was an employee or non-employee service provider of the Company or the Company Group at any time in the one-year period preceding the proposed solicitation. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the post-termination obligations just described shall be limited to employees, independent contractors, and other non-employee service providers with whom Employee worked, or about whom Employee received Confidential Information, during the 12-month period before the Termination Date. For avoidance of doubt, it shall not be a breach of this Section for Employee to post general job listings or similar broad-based advertisement for employment or other services as long as such listings or advertisements are not directly or indirectly targeted at the Companys employees or service providers.

e.Permitted Exception. Employee shall be permitted without violating Sections 2(b), 2(d), 12(c), or 12(d) of this Agreement to make passive personal investments in securities that are registered on a national stock exchange if the aggregate amount owned by him and all family members and Affiliates does not exceed 2% of such companys outstanding securities as long as (i) these activities do not prevent Employee from fulfilling his duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement, and (ii) Employee fully complies with his otherwise applicable obligations under this Agreement.

13.Inventions. Any and all Confidential Information and other discoveries, inventions, improvements, trade secrets (as defined by applicable law), know-how, works of authorship, or other intellectual property conceived, created, written, developed, or first reduced to practice by Employee before or after the Effective Date, alone or jointly, in the performance of his duties, responsibilities, or authorities for the Company or the Company Group (the Inventions) shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company and the Company Group, as applicable. Employee acknowledges that all original works of authorship protectable by copyright that are produced by Employee in the performance of his duties, responsibilities, or authorities for the Company and the Company Group are works made for hire as defined in the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. 101). In addition, to the extent that any such works are not works made for hire under the United States Copyright Act, Employee hereby assigns without further consideration all right, title, and interest in such works to the Company and the Company Group. Employee shall promptly and fully disclose to the Company all Inventions, shall treat all Inventions as Confidential Information, and hereby assigns to the Company and the Company Group without further consideration all of his right, title, and interest in and to any and all Inventions, whether or not copyrightable or patentable. Employee shall execute all papers, including applications, invention assignments, and copyright assignments, and shall otherwise assist the Company and the Company Group as reasonably required to memorialize, confirm, and perfect in them the rights, title, and other interests granted to the Company and the Company Group under this Agreement.

14.Duties of Confidentiality and Loyalty Under the Common Law. Employees obligations under this Agreement shall supplement, rather than supplant, his common-law duties of confidentiality and loyalty owed to the Company and the Company Group.

15.Survival and Enforcement of Covenants; Remedies.

a.Survival of Covenants. Employees covenants in Sections 11-13 shall survive the termination of this Agreement according to their terms, regardless of the reason for such termination, and shall be construed as agreements independent of any other provision of this Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of action of Employee against the Company or the Company Group (whether under this Agreement or otherwise), shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company or the Company Group of those covenants.

b.Enforcement of Covenants. Employee acknowledges and agrees that his covenants in Sections 12 and 13 are ancillary to the otherwise enforceable agreements by the Company under Section 5(b)(ii) to provide him with equity awards and under Section 11 to provide him with previously undisclosed Confidential Information and by his agreement not to disclose such Confidential Information, and are supported by independent, valuable consideration. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that the limitations as to time, geographical area, and scope of activity to be restrained by those covenants are reasonable and acceptable to him and do not include any greater restraint than is reasonably necessary to protect the Confidential Information, goodwill, and other legitimate business interests of the Company and the Company Group. Employee further agrees that, if at some later date, a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any of the covenants in Sections 11-13 are unreasonable, 

any such covenants shall be reformed by the court and enforced to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law.

c.Remedies. In the event of breach or threatened breach by Employee of any of his covenants in Sections 11, 12, or 13, the Company and the Company Group shall be irreparably damaged in amounts difficult to ascertain and therefore entitled to equitable relief (without the need to post a bond or prove actual damages) by temporary restraining order, temporary injunction, or permanent injunction or otherwise, in addition to all other legal and equitable relief to which they may be entitled, including any and all monetary damages, which it may incur as a result of such breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation. The Company and the Company Group may pursue any remedy available to them concurrently or consecutively in any order as to any breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation, and the pursuit of one of such remedies at any time shall not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any other of such remedies as to such breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation, or as to any other breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation. If Employee breaches any of his covenants in Section 12, the time periods pertaining to such covenants shall also be suspended and shall not run in favor of him from the time he first breached such covenants until the time when he ceases such breach. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company may amend the provisions of Sections 11, 12, or 13 without the approval of Employee or any other person to provide for less restrictive limitations as to time, geographical area, or scope of activity to be restrained. Any such less restrictive limitations may, in the Companys sole discretion, apply only with respect to the enforcement of this Agreement in certain jurisdictions specified in any such amendment. At the request of the Company, Employee shall consent to any such amendment and shall execute and deliver to the Company a counterpart signature page to such amendment.

d.After-Acquired Evidence. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Company determines that Employee is eligible to receive the Separation Benefits or the Change-in-Control Benefits, as applicable, but, after such determination, the Company subsequently acquires evidence and determines that (i) Employee has materially breached the terms Sections 2, 11, or 12; or (ii) a Cause condition existed prior to the Termination Date that, if curable, was not cured prior to the Termination Date, and that, had the Company been fully aware of such condition, would have given the Company the right to terminate Employees employment for Cause pursuant to Section 6(b), then the Company shall have the right to cease the payment of any future installments of any such payments, as applicable, and Employee shall promptly return to the Company all installments of such payments, as applicable, received by Employee prior to the date that the Company determines that the conditions of this Section 15(d) have been satisfied.

e.Clawback. To the extent required by applicable law or any applicable securities exchange listing standards, or as otherwise determined by the Board (or a committee thereof), amounts paid or payable under this Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of any applicable clawback policies or procedures adopted by the Company, which clawback policies or procedures may provide for forfeiture and/or recoupment of amounts paid or payable under this Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company 

reserves the right, without the consent of Employee, to adopt any such clawback policies and procedures, including such policies and procedures applicable to this Agreement with retroactive effect.

16.Successors and Assigns. Employees duties, responsibilities, and authorities under this Agreement are personal to him and shall not be assigned to any person or entity without written consent from the Board. The Company may assign this Agreement without Employees further consent to any Affiliate (including without limitation to Riley Permian Operating Company, LLC), any successor of the Business of the Company or the Company Group (whether by merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, or sale of stock or equity interests), or any purchaser of the majority of the assets of the Company or the Company Group; provided, however, that in the event of a Change in Control, the Company shall cause the surviving entity in any such Change in Control to assume the Companys obligations under Sections 7 and 8 to the extent such obligations have not yet been fully performed. The Company may not transfer Employees employment to any Affiliate (including without limitation to Riley Permian Operating Company, LLC) unless the Company also assigns this Agreement to the Affiliate and the Affiliate expressly agrees to honor this Agreement in all respects. In the event of Employees death, this Agreement shall be enforceable by his estate, executors, or legal representatives and any payment owed to Employee hereunder after the date of Employees death shall be paid to Employees estate. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns.

17.Waiver of Right to Jury Trial. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY SHALL, AND HEREBY DOES, IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY, CLAIM, OR CAUSE OF ACTION AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES, INCLUDING ANY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO EMPLOYEES EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY, THE TERMINATION OF THAT EMPLOYMENT, OR THIS AGREEMENT (EITHER ALLEGED BREACH OR ENFORCEMENT).

18.Attorneys Fees and Other Costs. If either party breaches this Agreement, or if a dispute arises between the parties based on or involving this Agreement, the party that enforces its rights under this Agreement against the breaching party in a court of competent jurisdiction as determined by such court, or that prevails in the resolution of such dispute as determined by the court, shall be entitled to recover from the other party its or his reasonable attorneys fees, court costs, and expenses incurred in enforcing such rights or resolving such dispute.

19.Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties concerning its subject matters and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to such subject matters, including without limitation, the Original Agreement and any other agreement or policy relating to severance or similar benefits that would be payable to Employee upon termination of employment with the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, 

Employees execution of this Agreement does not constitute a termination of employment under Section 6 of the Original Agreement and is not intended to affect Employees right to receive compensation, payments, or other benefits granted, accrued, earned or owed under Section 5 of the Original Agreement prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement.Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Company has not made any promise or representation to him concerning this Agreement not expressed in this Agreement, and that, in signing this Agreement, he is not relying on any prior oral or written statement or representation by the Company or its representatives outside of this Agreement but is instead relying solely on his own judgment and his legal and tax advisors, if any. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 19, nothing in this Agreement shall impair or otherwise limit Employees rights and/or the Companys obligations under any indemnification agreement by and between the Company and Employee that may be entered into during the Term.

20.Inconsistencies. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with any provision of the Companys applicable benefit plan documents, insurance policies, or employment policies, the applicable provision of this Agreement shall govern.

21.Amendment. Any modification to or waiver of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Company may modify or amend this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time without the further consent of the Employee in any manner necessary to comply with applicable law and regulations or the listing or other requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Company or its Affiliate is listed; provided, however, that (i) any such amendment shall preserve the rights and benefits of Employee hereunder as reasonably possible, and (ii) the Company shall use reasonable efforts to consult with Employee prior to and regarding any such proposed amendment. 

22.Waiver. The waiver by either party of a breach of any term of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of a subsequent breach of the same provision by either party or of the breach of any other term or provision of this Agreement.

23.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, (a) this Agreement shall be considered divisible, (b) such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent it is deemed illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, and (c) in all other respects this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect; provided, however, that, if any such provision may be made enforceable by such court by limitation, then such provision shall be so limited by such court and shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

24.Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict-of-laws principles. The parties hereby irrevocably consent to the binding and exclusive venue for any dispute, controversy, claim, or cause of action between them arising out of or related to this Agreement being in the state or federal court of competent jurisdiction that regularly conducts proceedings or has jurisdiction in 

the State of Delaware. Nothing in this Agreement, however, precludes either party from seeking to remove a civil action from any state court to federal court.

25.Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Company Group and the Companys other Affiliates shall be included within the definition of Company for purposes of this Agreement, are intended to be third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and therefore may enforce this Agreement.

26.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall be considered one and the same agreement. The delivery of this Agreement in the form of a clearly legible facsimile or electronically scanned version by e-mail shall have the same force and effect as delivery of the originally executed document.

27.Code Section 409A.

a.Code Section 409A. The parties intend for all payments provided to Employee under this Agreement to be exempt from or comply with the provisions of Code Section 409A and not be subject to the tax imposed by Code Section 409A. In addition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is the intent of the parties that the Severance Pay, CIC Pay, and COBRA benefits set forth in Sections 7 and 8 of this Agreement be exempt from Code Section 409A as short-term deferrals, as involuntary separation pay, or under any other 409A exemption that may be applicable. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with the foregoing intents. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment amount or benefit due under this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment and Employees entitlement to a series of payments or benefits under this Agreement is to be treated as an entitlement to a series of separate payments.

b.Specified Employee Postponement. Notwithstanding the previous Section or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Company or an Affiliate that is treated as a service recipient (as defined in Section 409A) is publicly traded on an established securities market (or otherwise) and Employee is a specified employee (as defined below) and is entitled to receive a payment that is subject to Section 409A on account of Employees Separation from Service, such payment may not be made earlier than six months following the date of his Separation from Service if required by Section 409A, in which case, the accumulated postponed amount shall be paid in a lump sum payment on the Section 409A Payment Date. The Section 409A Payment Date is the earlier of (i) the date of Employees death or (ii) the date that is six months and one day after Employees Separation from Service. The determination of whether Employee is a specified employee shall be made in accordance with Section 409A using the default provisions in the Section 409A unless another permitted method has been prescribed for such purpose by the Company.

c.Reimbursement of In-Kind Benefits. Any reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement which constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b) shall be made or provided in accordance 

with the requirements of Code Section 409A, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any reimbursement is for expenses incurred during the period of time specified in this Agreement, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year, (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made no later than the last day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense is incurred, and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

28.Right to Consult an Attorney and Tax Advisor. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in this Agreement, Employee shall be solely responsible for any risk that the tax treatment of all or part of any payments provided by this Agreement may be affected by Code Section 409A, which may impose significant adverse tax consequences on him, including accelerated taxation, a 20% additional tax, and interest. Employee therefore has the right, and is encouraged by this Section, to consult with a tax advisor of his choice before signing this Agreement. Employee is also encouraged by this Section to consult with an attorney of his choice before signing this Agreement.

29.Representations of Employee. Employee represents and warrants that (a) he has not previously assumed any obligations inconsistent with those in this Agreement; (b) his execution of this Agreement, and his employment with the Company, shall not violate any other contract or obligation between Employee and any former employer or other third party; and (c) during the Term, he shall not use or disclose to anyone within the Company any other member of the Company Group any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former employer or other third party. Employee further represents and warrants that he has entered into this Agreement pursuant to his own initiative and that the Company did not induce him to execute this Agreement in contravention of any existing commitments. Employee further acknowledges that the Company has entered into this Agreement in reliance upon the foregoing representations of Employee.

30.Cooperation. The parties agree that certain matters in which Employee will be involved during the Term may necessitate Employees cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of Employees employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably requested by the Board, Employee shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of Employees service to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of Employees other activities. The Company shall reimburse Employee for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation and, to the extent that Employee is required to spend substantial time on such matters as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, the Company shall compensate Employee at an hourly rate based on Employees Base Salary on the Termination Date.

31.Survival. The following shall provisions shall survive the termination of Employees employment and/or the expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of the reasons for such expiration or termination: Section 7 (Payments and Benefits Due Upon Termination of Agreement), Section 8 (Payments and Benefits Due Upon Certain Change-in-

Control Events), Section 9 (Parachute Payment Limitation), Section 10 (Conditions on Receipt of Separation Benefits and Change-in-Control Benefits), Section 11 (Confidential Information), Section 15 (Survival and Enforcement of Covenants; Remedies), Section 17 (Waiver of Right to Jury Trial), Section 18 (Attorneys Fees and Other Costs), Section 19 (Entire Agreement), Section 20 (Inconsistencies), Section 24 (Governing Law; Venue), Section 30 (Cooperation), and Section 32 (Notices).

32.Notices. For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) when received or rejected if delivered personally or by courier; or (b) on the date receipt is acknowledged if delivered by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested:

If to Employee, addressed to: If to the Company, addressed to:

Philip Riley

101 Broad Oaks Trl 

Houston, TX 77056 

or the last known residential address reflected in the Companys records 

Riley Permian Exploration, Inc.

29 East Reno, Suite 500

Oklahoma City, OK 73104

Attention: Susan Prejean

or to such other address as either party may furnish to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices or changes of address shall be effective only upon receipt.

[Signature Page Follows]

AGREED as of the dates signed below:

RILEY PERMIAN EXPLORATION, INC.

By: /s/ Bobby D. Riley 

Bobby D. Riley

Chief Executive Officer

Date Signed: March 26, 2025 

EMPLOYEE

By: /s/ Philip Riley 

Philip Riley

Date Signed: March 26, 2025 

EXHIBIT A

GENERAL RELEASE AGREEMENT

[To be completed when employment terminates]

This General Release Agreement (this Agreement) constitutes the Release referred to in that certain Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement)executed and agreed to as of [], by and among Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. (the Company) and [] (Employee).

(a) Capitalized words used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as such terms are assigned by the Employment Agreement. In exchange for the Separation Benefits or Change-in-Control Benefits, as applicable, to be provided to Employee by the Company in accordance with the Employment Agreement, the Employee releases, waives, acquits, and forever discharges to the maximum extent permitted by law any and all rights, claims, and demands of whatever kind or character, whether presently known to me or unknown, and whether vicarious, derivative, or direct or indirect, that he may have or assert against (i) the Company; (ii) any parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of the Company, including without limitation Riley Permian Operating Company, LLC; (iii) any past or present officer, director, or employee of the entities just referred to in (i)-(ii), in their individual and official capacities; and (iv) any past or present predecessors, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, owners, shareholders, members, managers, benefit plans, operating units, divisions, agents, representatives, officers, directors, partners, employees, fiduciaries, insurers, attorneys, successors, and assigns of the entities just named in (i)-(iii) (the Released Parties). This release includes without limitation any claims arising under federal, state, or local laws prohibiting employment discrimination, [including without limitation the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA)]; any claims growing out of any legal restrictions, contractual or otherwise, on the Companys right to terminate the employment of its employees; any claims arising out of Employees employment with the Company or the termination of that employment; any claims relating to or arising out of any agreement or contract between Employee and any of the Released Parties; and any claims arising out of or based on any other act, conduct, or omission of any of the Released Parties (collectively, the rights, claims, and demands referenced above are referred to as the Released Claims). This release does not prevent Employee from filing any administrative claims for unemployment compensation or workers compensation benefits. This Agreement is not intended to indicate that any Released Claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are meritorious. Rather, Employee is simply agreeing that, in exchange for the Separation Payments, any and all potential claims of this nature that Employee may have against the Released Parties, regardless of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised, and waived.

In no event shall the Released Claims include [(a) any claim under the ADEA which arises after the date this Agreement is signed by Employee], (b) any claim to vested benefits under an employee benefit plan, (c) any claims for [describe any indemnification rights that survive termination under any applicable agreements or at law], or (d) any claim relating to Employees status as [a director (other than claims for unpaid director compensation, claims for indemnification, and claims for coverage under D&O insurance) if Employee remains a director following the termination of his employment or] a stockholder of the Company or any other Released Party. Further, the parties expressly acknowledge that Employee retains the 

{00035051.DOCX:2 } -1-

following equity interests, which are not waived by this Agreement, and which continue to be governed by the agreement and/or plan through which they were awarded: [summary of equity ownership and agreement(s)/plan(s) that is/are source(s) of entitlement (including any applicable restricted unit agreements and the rights therein that survive such termination)].

By signing this Agreement, Employee is bound by it. Anyone who succeeds to Employees rights and responsibilities, such as heirs or the executor of Employees estate, is also bound by this Agreement. The release set forth in this Agreement also applies to any claims brought by any person or agency or class action under which Employee may have a right or benefit.

Notwithstanding the release in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement prevents Employee from (i) contacting, filing a charge or complaint with, providing information to, or cooperating with an investigation conducted by, any governmental agency, (ii) making disclosures or giving truthful testimony as required by law or valid legal process (such as by a subpoena), or (iii) engaging in other legally-protected activities. Employee acknowledges and agrees, however, that he forever waives any right to recover, and he will not request or accept, anything of monetary value from any of the Released Parties arising out of or connected in any way with his employment or the ending of his employment with the Company, the employment practices of the Company, or with any other act, conduct, or omission of any of the Released Parties, other than the Separation Payments, whether sought directly by him or by any governmental agency, individuals, or group of individuals on his behalf.

THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT, INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY, OF ANY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES.

(b) Employee agrees not to bring or join any lawsuit, arbitration, or other proceeding against any of the Released Parties in any court relating to any of the Released Claims. Employee represents that Employee has not brought or joined any lawsuit or filed any charge or claim against any of the Released Parties in any court or before any government agency and has made no assignment of any rights Employee has asserted or may have against any of the Released Parties to any person (including any entity), in each case, with respect to any Released Claims.

(c) Employee further agrees to (i) keep confidential and not to disclose to anyone the terms of this Agreement, except as permitted below or by law and except that he may disclose the terms to his family, attorney, or tax or financial advisor, if any, provided such persons have agreed to keep such information confidential, (ii) not make any disparaging remarks to any third party about the Released Parties or their operations, practices, officers, directors, members, managers, employees, or contractors, (iii) not use or disclose any Confidential Information of the Released Parties he received during his employment and to comply with his continuing post-termination obligations owed to the Company under the Employment Agreement and otherwise, and (iv) promptly return to the Company all property of any Released Party in his possession or 

{00035051.DOCX:2 } -2-

under his control. [With respect to (iii), the Restricted Area is as follows: _______________________.]

Employees covenants in Sections 11-13 of the Employment Agreement (and those provisions necessary to enforce and interpret them) remain in full force and effect, and Employee promises to abide by such covenants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement or the Employment Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Employee from lawfully (a) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by, any governmental agency regarding a possible violation of any law; (b) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to the Employee from any governmental agency; (c) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding by any governmental agency relating to a possible violation of law or (d) making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law. Further, nothing herein or in the Employment Agreement shall prevent Employee from, nor shall Employee be criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for, making a disclosure of trade secrets or other confidential information that is: (a) made (i) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of applicable law; (b) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; or (c) protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law.

(e) By executing and delivering this Agreement, Employee acknowledges that: (i) Employee has carefully read this Agreement; (ii) Employee has had at least 55 days to consider this Agreement before the execution and delivery hereof to the Company; (iii) Employee has been and hereby is advised in writing that Employee may, at Employees option, discuss this Agreement with an attorney of Employees choice and that Employee has had adequate opportunity to do so; (iv) Employee fully understands the final and binding effect of this Agreement and agrees that the only promises made to Employee to sign this Agreement are those stated in the Employment Agreement and herein; (v) Employee is signing this Agreement voluntarily and of Employees own free will and Employee understands and agrees to each of the terms of this Agreement; and (vi) Employee has been paid all wages and other compensation to which Employee is entitled pursuant to his employment with the Company and received all leaves (paid and unpaid) to which Employee was entitled during such employment.

Employee further acknowledges and agrees that (1) he has been given a reasonable period to read and consider this Agreement before signing it; (2) this Agreement and the Employment Agreement contain the entire understandings and agreements between the Company and him regarding their subject matters and supersede all prior agreements and understandings between them; (3) he has read this Agreement and fully understands the effect of his signing this Agreement; (4) in signing this Agreement, he is not relying on any written or oral statement or promise from the Company other than in this Agreement and the Employment Agreement; (5) this Agreement shall be governed by Delaware law and exclusive venue for any claim between the parties or their affiliates arising out of or related this Agreement is in any state or federal 

{00035051.DOCX:2 } -3-

court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware; and (6) nothing in this Agreement constitutes any sort of admission of liability.

[Notwithstanding the initial effectiveness of this Agreement, Employee may revoke the delivery (and therefore the effectiveness) of this Agreement within the seven-day period beginning on the date Employee delivers this Agreement to the Company (such seven day period being referred to herein as the Release Revocation Period). To be effective, such revocation must be in writing signed by Employee and must be delivered to the Companys Chief Executive Officer on or before 11:59 p.m., E.S.T., on the last day of the Release Revocation Period. If an effective revocation is delivered in the foregoing manner and timeframe, this Agreement shall be of no force or effect and shall be null and void ab initio. No Separation Benefits or Change-in-Control Benefits, as applicable, shall be paid if this Agreement is revoked by Employee in the foregoing manner.]

Executed on this ___________ day of _____________, _______.

___________________ 

[Employee] 

{00035051.DOCX:2 } -4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>repx-20250324.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>repx-20250324_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, Date of Incorporation 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>repx-20250324_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 24, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Riley Exploration Permian, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, Date of Incorporation DE

Entity File Number 1-15555

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-0267438

Entity Address, Address Line One 29 E. Reno Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town Oklahoma City

Entity Address, State or Province OK

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 73104

City Area Code 405

Local Phone Number 415-8699

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol REPX

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001001614

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.rileypermian.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

repx-20250324.htm 
repx-20250324.xsd 
repx-20250324_lab.xml 
repx-20250324_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001001614-25-000015-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>repx-20250324_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001001614 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

0001001614 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-24 
Riley Exploration Permian, Inc. 
DE 
1-15555 
87-0267438 
29 E. Reno Avenue 
Suite 500 
Oklahoma City 
OK 
73104 
405 
415-8699 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
REPX 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>