<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-004114.txt : 20250213
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-004114.hdr.sgml : 20250213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250212185635
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-004114
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Momentus Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001781162
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GUIDED MISSILES & SPACE VEHICLES & PARTS [3760]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				841905538
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39128
		FILM NUMBER:		25616584

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3901 N. FIRST STREET
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6505647820

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3901 N. FIRST STREET
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stable Road Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190628
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20043284_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000178116200017811622025-02-102025-02-100001781162mnts:WarrantsMember2025-02-102025-02-100001781162us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-102025-02-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February 10, 2025

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported)

Momentus Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

001-39128

84-1905538

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

3901 N. First Street

San Jose, California 95134

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

(650) 564-7820

Registrant's telephone number, including area code

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions
(see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A common stock

MNTS

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants

MNTSW

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 11, 2025 (the Closing Date), Momentus Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) consummated a best efforts public
offering (the Offering) of an aggregate of (i) 300,000 shares (the Shares) of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common Stock), (ii) 973,886 pre-funded warrants (Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to
973,886 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares), and (iii) 1,273,886 Common Stock purchase warrants (Common Warrants) to purchase up to 1,273,886 shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrant Shares). Each share of Common Stock,
or a Pre-Funded Warrant in lieu thereof, was sold together with an accompanying Common Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock.

The public offering price for each share of Common Stock and one accompanying Common Warrant was $3.92499. The public offering price
of each Pre-Funded Warrant and one accompanying Common Warrant was $3.925, which equals the price at which one share of Common Stock and accompanying Common Warrant was sold to the public in this offering, minus $0.00001. The exercise price of each
Pre-Funded Warrant is $0.00001 per share. Each Common Warrant offered in the Offering is exercisable for one share of Common Stock and has an initial exercise price equal to $3.80.

The Company received aggregate gross proceeds from the Offering of approximately $5 million, before deducting placement agents
fees and other offering expenses. The Company intends to use the proceeds of the Offering for general corporate purposes.

The Securities Offered

Each Pre-Funded Warrant is immediately exercisable for one Pre-Funded Warrant Share at an exercise price of $0.00001 per share and
will remain exercisable until the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. Each Common Warrant has an exercise price of $3.80 per share, is immediately exercisable for one Common Warrant Share, and expires five years from its issuance date.

The Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and accompanying Common Warrants were issued separately.

The exercise price of the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants and number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
will adjust in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events.

The Common Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis if at any time there is no effective registration statement registering, or
no current prospectus is available for, the resale of the Common Warrant Shares. The PreFunded Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis at any time.

A holder of the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants (together with its affiliates) may not exercise any portion of the
Common Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants to the extent that the holder would own more than 4.99% (or 9.99%, at the election of the holder) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately after exercise, except that upon at least 61 days prior
notice from the holder to the Company, the holder may increase the amount of beneficial ownership of outstanding shares after exercising the holders Common Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants up to 9.99% of the number of the Companys shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise.

The Shares, Common Warrants, Common Warrant Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants, and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares were offered and sold by the
Company pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-284393), (the Registration Statement), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), that was declared effective on February 10, 2025.

The foregoing does not purport to be a complete description of each of the Common Warrants or the PreFunded Warrants and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of each of such document, which are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Form 8-K) and incorporated herein by reference.

The Securities Purchase Agreement

In connection with the Offering, on February 10, 2025, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with a single institutional investor (the Investor), pursuant to which the Company agreed not to effect or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of shares of Common Stock or Common
Stock equivalents for a period of thirty (30) days and will not effect or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units
thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) for a period of six (6) months after the Closing Date, subject to certain exceptions.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, each of the Companys executive officers, directors and stockholders beneficially owning 5% or
more of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock entered into a lock-up agreement with the Placement Agent (as defined below) providing that each such person, for a period of ninety (90) days from the Closing Date, may not, subject to
customary exceptions, offer, issue, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Companys securities without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent.

The Purchase Agreement also contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to
closing, indemnification obligations of the Company or the purchasers in the Offering, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions.

The foregoing does not purport to be a complete description of the Purchase Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of such document, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrants

The Investor is the holder of certain common stock purchase warrants, issued on each of (i) September 17, 2024 (the Class A
September 2024 Warrant and the Class B September 2024 Warrant), (ii) October 24, 2024 (the October 2024 Warrant), and (iii) December 18, 2024 (the December 2024 Warrant and collectively with the Class A September 2024 Warrant, the Class B
September 2024 Warrant, and the October 2024 Warrant, the Warrants) to purchase shares of Common Stock.

In connection with the Offering, on February 10, 2025, the Company entered into an amendment to the Warrants (the Amendment to
Common Stock Purchase Warrants) with the Investor, pursuant to which the exercise price per share of the Common Stock under each Warrant shall be $3.80, subject to adjustment The warrant amendment is subject to stockholder approval, and the
warrants shall expire five years from the date stockholder approval is obtained. If stockholder approval is not obtained by the date that is six (6) months following the initial date of issuance of these Warrants, then the exercise price of the
Warrants will automatically be reduced to the Minimum Price (as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)) of the Common Stock on the date that is six (6) months following the initial date of issuance of the Warrants and the Warrants will expire five
years following the date that is six (6) months following the initial date of issuance of the Warrants.

The foregoing does not purport to be a complete description of the Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrants and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of such document, which is filed as Exhibit 4.3 to this Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

The Placement Agency Agreement

Also, in connection with the Offering, on February 10, 2025, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement
Agency Agreement) with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (A.G.P. or the Placement Agent), pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to act as Placement Agent on a reasonable best efforts basis in connection with the Offering. The Company
paid the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds raised in the Offering. In addition, the Company has also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent for legal expenses incurred by it in connection with the Offering in an amount
not to exceed $95,000 and up to $10,000 for certain reasonable non-accountable fees and expenses. In addition, the Placement Agent will receive warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants) to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock equal to
5.0% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold in the Offering, or an aggregate of 63,694 shares of Common Stock. The Placement Agent Warrants will have substantially the same terms as the Common Warrants, except that the Placement
Agent Warrants will have an exercise price of $4.3175 per share (representing 110% of the offering price per share of Common Stock and accompanying Common Warrant) and will expire five years from the commencement of the sales pursuant to the
Offering.

The Placement Agent Warrants do not have any piggyback or demand registration rights. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e), the
Placement Agent Warrants and any shares issued upon exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants shall not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that
would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days from the date of commencement of sales of the securities in the offering, except for the transfer of any security as permitted by FINRA
Rule 5110(e)(2). The Placement Agent Warrants and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Placement Agent Warrants are registered in the Registration Statement.

The Placement Agency Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to
closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Placement Agent, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions.

The foregoing does not purport to be a complete description of the Placement Agency Agreement and Placement Agent Warrants and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such documents, which are filed as Exhibit 1.1 and Exhibit 4.4, respectively, to this Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The information set forth under Item 1.01 with respect to the Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrants is incorporated by
reference into this Item 3.02.

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure.

The Company issued press releases announcing the pricing and closing of the Offering on February 10, 2025 and February 11, 2025,
respectively. Copies of the press releases are furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein.

As of the date of this Form 8-K, after the closing of the Offering and assuming the exercise in full of the Pre-Funded Warrants and
no exercise of the Common Warrants or the Placement Agent Warrants, there are 2,982,881 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit Description

1.1 

Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and between Momentus Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, as placement agent.

4.1 

Form of Common Warrant

4.2 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

4.3 

Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrants

4.4 

Form of Placement Agent Warrant

10.1 

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

99.1 

Press Release, dated February 10, 2025, issued by Momentus Inc.

99.2 

Press Release, dated February 11, 2025, issued by Momentus Inc.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

By: 

/s/ Lon Ensler 

Name: 

Lon Ensler

Dated: 

February 12, 2025 

Title: 

Interim Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20043284_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

February 10, 2025

Momentus Inc.

3901 N. First Street

San Jose, California 95134

Attention: John Rood

Re: 

Placement Agency Agreement

Dear Mr. Rood:

Subject to the terms and conditions of this letter agreement (the Agreement)

between A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, as the sole placement agent (A.G.P.) (A.G.P. is also referred to herein as the Placement Agent), and Momentus Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), the parties hereby agree that the Placement Agent shall serve as the
placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the proposed placement (the Placement) of registered securities of the Company,
consisting of: (i) shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (Common Stock), and/or (ii) Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants) and (iii) Class A Common Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrants,

and together with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants). The Common Stock and Warrants actually placed by the Placement Agent are referred to herein as the Placement Agent Securities. The documents executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchasers (as defined below) in connection with the Placement, including, without
limitation, a securities purchase agreement (the PurchaseAgreement), shall be collectively referred
to herein as the Transaction Documents. The terms of the Placement shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the purchasers listed in the Purchase Agreement (each, a
Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers), and nothing herein constitutes that the Placement Agent
would have the power or authority to bind the Company or any Purchaser, or an obligation for the Company to issue any Placement Agent Securities or complete the Placement. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents
obligations hereunder are on a reasonable best efforts basis only and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase the Placement Agent Securities and does not ensure the successful
placement of the Placement Agent Securities or any portion thereof or the success of the Placement Agent with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the Company. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as
sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Placement, subject to the prior written approval in each case of the Company. Certain affiliates of the Placement Agent may participate in the Placement by purchasing some of the
Placement Agent Securities. The sale of Placement Agent Securities to any Purchaser will be evidenced by the Purchase Agreement between the Company and such Purchaser, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Purchaser. Capitalized
terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement. Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement, officers of the Company will be available to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers.

SECTION 1.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY; COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

A. 

Representations of the Company. With respect to
the Placement Agent Securities, each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules thereto) and covenants made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement in connection with the
Placement, is hereby incorporated herein by reference into this Agreement (as though fully restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent. In
addition to the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants that there are no affiliations with any Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) member firm
participating in the Placement among the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company, any five percent (5.0%) or greater stockholder of the Company.

B. 

Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees to
continue to retain (i) a firm of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board independent registered public accountants for a period of at least two (2) years after the Closing Date and (ii) a competent transfer agent for a period of two
(2) years after the Closing Date, provided the Company is then subject to the reporting requirement of the Exchange Act (as defined below). Furthermore, for thirty (30) days after the Effectiveness Date, the Company shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or
supplement thereto, other than the Registration Statement pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan; provided, however, such restrictions
shall not apply with respect to an Exempt Issuance. In addition, other than the exceptions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, from the date hereof until six (6) months after the Effectiveness Date, the Company shall be prohibited
from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction (as
defined in the Purchase Agreement).

SECTION 2.REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT. The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing of the FINRA, (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the United States of America, applicable to the
offers and sales of the Placement Agent Securities by the Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a corporate body validly existing under the laws of its place of incorporation, and (v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement. The Placement Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status with respect to subsections (i) through (v) above. The Placement Agent covenants that it will use its reasonable
best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of applicable law.

2

SECTION 3.COMPENSATION.

A. 

In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent and/or its respective designees a cash fee of 7.0% of the aggregate
purchase price paid by any and all Purchasers at the Closing. The Placement Agent reserves the right to reduce any item of compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event that a determination is made by FINRA to
the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of that permitted by FINRA Rules or that the terms thereof require adjustment.

B. 

The Company further agrees to issue to the Placement Agent and/or its designees on the Closing Date, warrants to purchase such number of Common Stock equal to five percent
(5.0%) of the shares of Common Stock or shares of Common Stock underlying any Pre-Funded Warrants issued at the Closing (the Placement Agents Warrants). The
Placement Agents Warrants shall terminate five (5) years from the date of commencement of sales of this offering. The exercise price of the Placement Agents Warrants shall be 110% of the offering price per share of Common Stock sold in
the Placement, which equals $4.3175 per share. The Placement Agents Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Placement Agents Warrants
(collectively Compensation Securities) will be deemed compensation by FINRA, and therefore will be subject to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). In accordance with FINRA Rule
5110(e)(1), neither the Placement Agents Warrants nor any of the shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Placement Agents Warrants may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of such securities by any person, for a period of 180 days beginning on the date of commencement of sales of the Placement Agent
Securities.

C. 

For a period of twelve (12) months from the Closing, the Company will grant the Placement Agent an irrevocable right of first refusal to act as sole investment banker, sole
book-runner and/or sole placement agent, at the Placement Agents sole discretion, for each and every future public and private equity and debt offering, including all equity linked financings, during such twelve (12) month period for the
Company, or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company, on terms customary to the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent shall have the sole right to determine whether or not any other broker dealer shall have the right to participate
in any such offering and the economic terms of any such participation.

3

SECTION 4.EXPENSES. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) all expenses incident to the issuance, delivery and qualification of the Placement Agent Securities (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses of
the transfer agent; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Placement Agent Securities; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public
accountants and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of any registration statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and
certificates of experts), preliminary prospectus and prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with qualifying
or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Placement Agent Securities for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws or the securities laws of any other country; (vii)
the fees and expenses associated with including the Placement Agent Securities on the Trading Market; (viii) up to $95,000 for accountable expenses related to legal fees of counsel to the Placement Agent; and (ix) non-accountable expenses,
including IPREO software related expenses, background check expenses, tombstones and marketing related expenses, including road show expenses, and any other non-accountable expenses incurred by the Placement Agent in connection with the
Placement, provided, however, that such reimbursement for non-accountable expenses shall not exceed $10,000; provided, that this sentence in no way limits or impairs the indemnification or contribution provisions contained herein. The Placement
Agent reserves the right to reduce any item of compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event that a determination shall be made by FINRA to the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of
FINRA Rules or that the terms thereof require adjustment.

SECTION 5.INDEMNIFICATION.

A. 

To the extent permitted by law, with respect to the Placement Agent Securities, the Company shall indemnify the Placement Agent and its affiliates, agents, stockholders, directors, officers, employees,
members and controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (each such entity or person, an Indemnified
Person) from and against all claims, actions, suits, proceedings (including those of stockholders), damages, costs and liabilities (collectively, Claims),

and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all reasonable fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) (collectively, the Expenses)

as they are incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any Claim, whether or not an Indemnified Person is a party thereto, that is caused by, arises out of, or is based upon, any actions taken
or omitted to be taken by the Company or any Indemnified Person in connection with this Agreement; provided, however, the Company will not be responsible for any Claims or Expenses of any Indemnified Person that are determined to have
resulted directly from such Indemnified Persons (x) willful misconduct, violation of law or gross negligence in connection with any of the action, inaction or the services described herein, or (y) use of any offering materials or
information concerning the Company in connection with the offer or sale of the Placement Agents Securities in the Placement, which were not authorized for such use by the Company and which use constitutes gross negligence, violation
of law or willful misconduct. In no event shall the Company or any Indemnified Person be responsible for any special, indirect or consequential damages incurred by the other.

4

B. 

Promptly after receipt by the Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding with respect to which any
Indemnified Person is entitled to indemnity hereunder, the Placement Agent will notify the Company in writing of such claim or of the commencement of such action or proceeding, but failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the
Company from any obligation it may have hereunder, except and only to the extent such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company of substantial rights and defenses. If the Company so elects or is requested by the Placement Agent,
the Company will assume the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding
sentence, the Placement Agent will be entitled to employ its own counsel separate from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such action if counsel for the Placement Agent reasonably determines that it would be
inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional responsibility for the same counsel to represent both the Company and the Placement Agent. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements of no more than one such separate
counsel will be paid by the Company, in addition to fees of local counsel.

C. 

The Company may not settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened Claim, in which indemnification may
be sought hereunder (whether or not any Indemnified Person is an actual or potential party thereto), without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (which will not be unreasonably delayed or withheld) unless such settlement,
compromise or consent provides for an unconditional and irrevocable release of each Indemnified Person from any and all liability arising out of such Claim.

D. 

The Company agrees to notify the Placement Agent promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of any Claim or the commencement of
any action or proceeding relating to a transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

5

E. 

If for any reason the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agent or insufficient to hold the Placement Agent harmless, then the
Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the Placement Agent as a result of such Claim or Expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (a) the relative benefits to the Company on the one hand, and the
Placement Agent on the other hand, in connection with the Placement, (b) the relative fault of the parties, and (c) other equitable considerations; provided, however, that in no event shall the amount to be contributed by the Placement
Agent exceed the fees actually received, or to be received, by the Placement Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, to the extent the exception to indemnification contemplated by Paragraph A of
this Section applies with respect to the Placement Agent, the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the Placement Agent as a result of such Claim or Expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the
relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other hand, in connection with the matters contemplated by the Agreement. The Company agrees that for the purposes of this paragraph the relative benefits
to the Company and the Placement Agent of the contemplated transaction (whether or not such transaction is consummated) shall be deemed to be in the same proportion that the aggregate cash consideration payable (or contemplated to be
payable) in such transaction bears to the fees paid or payable to the Placement Agent under this Agreement.

F. 

These indemnification provisions shall remain in full force and effect whether or not the transaction contemplated by this Agreement is
completed, survive the termination of this Agreement, and be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have to any Indemnified Person.

SECTION 6. ENGAGEMENT TERM. The Placement Agents
engagement hereunder will be until the earlier of the Closing Date and ninety (90) days after the date hereof. The date of termination of this Agreement is referred to herein as the Termination Date. In the event, however, in the course of the Placement Agents performance of due diligence it deems it necessary to terminate the engagement, the Placement Agent
may do so prior to the Termination Date. The Company may elect to terminate the engagement hereunder for any reason prior to the Termination Date but will remain responsible for fees pursuant to Section 3 hereof with respect to the Placement
Agent Securities if sold in the Placement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning the Companys obligation to pay any fees actually earned pursuant to Section 3 hereof and the provisions concerning
confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein, as well as provisions in Sections 10 14 hereof will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated prior to the completion of the
Placement, all fees and expenses due to the Placement Agent as set forth in Section 3 and Section 4 shall be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent on or before the Termination Date (in the event such fees are earned or owed as of the
Termination Date). The Placement Agent agrees not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided to the Placement Agent by the Company for any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement.

6

SECTION 7.PLACEMENT AGENT INFORMATION. The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with this engagement is for the confidential use of the Company
only in its evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required by law, the Company will not disclose or otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without the Placement Agents prior written consent.

SECTION 8.NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by any person or entity not a party hereto, except those entitled hereto
by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent is not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the equity holders or the
creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of the Placement Agent hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly waived.

SECTION 9.CLOSING. The obligations of the Placement Agent, and the closing of the sale of the Placement Agent Securities hereunder are subject to the accuracy, when made and on the Closing Date, of
the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and in the Purchase Agreement, and to each of the following additional
terms and conditions, except as otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged and waived by the Placement Agent:

A. 

All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this
Agreement, the Placement Agent Securities, and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby with respect to the Placement Agent Securities shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material
respects to the Placement Agent.

B. 

The Placement Agent shall have received from the Companys counsel, Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP, such counsels written opinion with
respect to the Placement Agent Securities, addressed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers and dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

C. 

The Placement Agent shall have received an executed FINRA questionnaire or bring down letter from each of the Company and the Companys
executive officers and directors

7

D. 

Shares of Common Stock sold in the Placement, including shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants, must be registered
under the Exchange Act as specified in the Registration Rights Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The Company shall have taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the
Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market or other applicable U.S. national exchange, nor has the Company received any information suggesting that the Securities
and Exchange Commission or the Trading Market or other U.S. applicable national exchange is contemplating terminating such registration or listing, except as otherwise publicly disclosed.

E. 

No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental agency
or body which would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Placement Agent Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and no
injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Placement Agent Securities
or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company.

F. 

The Company shall have entered into a Purchase Agreement with each of the Purchasers or the sole Purchaser (as the case may be) of the Placement
Agent Securities and such agreements shall be in full force and effect and shall contain representations, warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed upon between the Company and the Purchaser(s).

G. 

FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of this Agreement. In addition, the
Company shall, if requested by the Placement Agent, make or authorize Placement Agents counsel to make on the Companys behalf, any filing with the FINRA Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 with respect to the
Placement and pay all filing fees required in connection therewith.

H. 

The Placement Agent shall have received customary certificates of the Companys executive officers, as to the accuracy of the representations
and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement, a certificate of the Companys Interim Chief Financial Officer in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent, and a certificate of the Companys secretary certifying (i) that
the Companys charter documents are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Placement are in full force and effect and
have not been modified; and (iii) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company.

8

I. 

The Placement Agent shall have received an executed lock-up agreement from each of the Companys executive officers and directors prior to the Closing Date.

If any of the conditions specified in this Section 9 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, all obligations of the
Placement Agent hereunder may be cancelled by the Placement Agent at, or at any time prior to, the Closing Date. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing or orally. Any such oral notice shall be confirmed promptly
thereafter in writing.

SECTION 10.GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such
State, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under this
Agreement may be brought into the courts of the State of New York or into the Federal Court located in New York, New York and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its property,
generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of aforesaid courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof
via overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such
action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

SECTION 11.ENTIRE AGREEMENT/MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating
to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any other respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which
will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by both the Placement Agent and the Company. The representations, warranties, agreements and
covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing Date of the Placement and delivery of the Placement Agent Securities for the applicable statute of limitations. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when
taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. 
In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force
and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

9

SECTION 12.NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest
of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address specified on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a business day, (b) the next business day after the date of
transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a business day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any business day, (c) the third business day
following the date of mailing, if sent by an internationally recognized air courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set
forth on the signature pages hereto.

SECTION 13.PRESS ANNOUNCEMENTS. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent shall, on and after the Closing Date, have the right to reference the Placement and the Placement Agents role in connection
therewith in the Placement Agents marketing materials and on its website and to place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals, in each case at its own expense.

SECTION 14.PAYMENTS. All payments made or deemed to be made by the Company to the Placement Agent, its affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, members and controlling persons (within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (each, a Payee), if any, will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (other than taxes on net income or similar taxes) imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United States or any political subdivision or any taxing
authority thereof or therein unless the Company is or becomes required by law to withhold or deduct such taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges. In such event, the Company will pay such additional amounts as will result, after
such withholding or deduction, in the receipt by the Payee of the amounts that would otherwise have been receivable in respect thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, all sums payable, paid or deemed payable under this Agreement shall be considered
exclusive of value added tax, sales tax or other similar taxes which shall be borne by, paid, collected and remitted by the Company in accordance with applicable law.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

10

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to the Placement Agent the
enclosed copy of this Agreement.

Very truly yours,

A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS

By: 

Name: 

Thomas Higgins

Title: 

Managing Director

Address for notice:

590 Madison Avenue 28th Floor

New York, New York 10022

Attn: Thomas Higgins

Email: thiggins@allianceg.com

Accepted and Agreed to as of

the date first written above:

MOMENTUS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

John Rood 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

Address for notice:

3901 N. First Street

San Jose, California 95134

Attn: John Rood, Chief Executive Officer

Email: john.rood@momentus.space

[Signature Page to Placement Agency Agreement]

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20043284_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

MOMENTUS INC.

Warrant Shares: 1,273,886 

Original Issuance Date: February 11, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value
received, Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the
limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date),

and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on February 11, 2030, which is the five year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date), but not thereafter, to
subscribe for and purchase from MOMENTUS INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to 1,273,886 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of the Companys Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 10, 2025, among the Company and the purchaser signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a)Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or
before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of
exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless
exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the
Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading
Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of
lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares
purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder
and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for
purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

1

b)Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $3.80, subject to
adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance or
resale of the Warrant Shares to or by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) =

as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both
executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of
Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during
regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on
the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours
on such Trading Day;

(B) = 

the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) =

the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by
means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the
first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the
Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink
Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as
determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first
of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which
the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on
The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common
Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the
Company.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d)Mechanics

of Exercise.

i.

Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The
Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its
Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting
the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share
register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the
earlier of (A) the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (B) one (1) Trading Day after
delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for
all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the
Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the
applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such
Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as
in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

3

ii.

Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this
Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.

Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause
the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.

Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i)
above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise
purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),

then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount
obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation
was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or
deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a
total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company,
evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

v.

No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional
shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its
election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.

Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant
Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such
Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and
the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of
Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

5

vii.

Closing of Books. The Company will not close its
stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to
the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or
any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of
the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of
its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a
limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section
2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder
that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section
2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be
in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any
Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this
Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the
Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be
determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the
provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be
construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership
Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a)Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or
any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if
any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be
proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

7

b)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants,
securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate
Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without
limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of
shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the
Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to
such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of
shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate
rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be
entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to
any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such
extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as
its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

8

d)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or
into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in one or a series
of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or
property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to
the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or
of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a
holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any
such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such
Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of
Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this
Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time
concurrently with, or within thirty (30) days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by
paying to the Holder, as described below, an amount of consideration equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity, as of
the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), valued at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to
the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to
receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction,
such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received shares of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365-day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately
following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value
of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or
the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(d) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public
announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five Business Days of
the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction). The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to
written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares
of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price
hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock
and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of
the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

9

e)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to
be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)Notice to Holder.

i.Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email
a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

10

ii.Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special
nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of
any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant
Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the
date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect
therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the
Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the
making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of
the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.

11

b)New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in
which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a
new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with
this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the
name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

12

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a)No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise
hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting the rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise, and to receive the cash payments contemplated pursuant to
Sections 2(d)(i) and 2(d)(iv), in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or
any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon
surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or
such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d)Authorized Shares.The Company covenants that, at all times during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full
authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that
such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against
impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take
all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all
such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

13

Before taking any action, which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f)Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale
imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights,
powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly
fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of
the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j)Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company
agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific
performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

14

k)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns
of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant
Shares.

l)Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by
or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

MOMENTUS INC.

By: 

Name:

Title

16

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: MOMENTUS INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable
pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date:

17

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated:____________ _____, ______ 

Holders 

Signature:

Holders 

Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20043284_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

PRE-FUNDEDCOMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

MOMENTUS INC.

Warrant Shares: 973,886 

Issue Date: February 11, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled,
upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date)

but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from MOMENTUS INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to 973,886 shares (as subject to adjustment
hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of the Companys Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that
certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 10, 2025, among the Company and the purchaser signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) 

Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date
and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of
Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder
shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section
2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of
any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available
hereunder and this Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to
the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder
in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any
objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the
provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) 

Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.00001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to
the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant.
The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be $0.00001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) 

Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the
issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares to or by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of
Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = 

as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS
promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the
Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day
and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

2

(B) = 

the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = 

the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather
than a cashless exercise.

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading
Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New
York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the
Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the
Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume
weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City
time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then
outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the
registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

3

d) 

Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the
Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a
certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of
Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (A) the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (B) one (1)
Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the
holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless
exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in
cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per
Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain
a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days,
on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City
time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by
such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

4

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this
Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to
cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by
its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated
receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so
purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to
such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a
total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of
such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the
Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction
of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in
respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder
and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise
and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms
hereof.

6

e) 

Holders Exercise Limitations.

i. Beneficial Ownership. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant,
pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group
together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being
made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (A) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (B)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e)(ii), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e)(ii) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is
exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice
of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the
number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the
Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions
of this Section 2(e)(ii), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e)(ii) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The
provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e)(ii) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with
the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this
Warrant.

7

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on
shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii)
subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any)
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately
adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to
receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock
Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of
which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such
Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

8

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to
acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

9

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or
consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its
assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any direct or indirect purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell,
tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any
reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement)
with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or
associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder
shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section
2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on
the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate
Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon
any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the
obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the
Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking
into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the
Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the
Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named
as the Company herein.

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3,
the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. 

Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by
facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

10

ii. 

Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall
declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale
or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or
involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall
appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such
dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are
to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of
record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or
contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall
remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

11

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this
Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay
any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the
denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3)
Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares
without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice
specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the
Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this
Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the
record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent
actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of
the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting the rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise, and to receive the cash payments
contemplated pursuant to Sections 2(d)(i) and 2(d)(iv), in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not
include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu
of such Warrant or stock certificate.

12

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Trading
Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized Shares. The Company covenants that, at all times during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its
officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may
be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the
exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in
good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate
in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any
public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action, which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such
authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

13

e) Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions
of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise,
will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or
otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if
the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice
provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration
herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its
rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in
any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon
the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by
the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holder of this Warrant,
on the other hand.

14

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of
this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this
Warrant.

n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

MOMENTUS INC.

By: 

Name: John Rood

Title: Chief Executive Officer

16

Exhibit A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: MOMENTUS INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the
exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum
number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

17

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders 

Signature: 

Holders 

Address: 

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ef20043284_ex4-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

AMENDMENT TO

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANTS

This AMENDMENT TO COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANTS (this Amendment) is entered into as of February 10, 2025, by and between Momentus Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and
Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (the Holder).

WHEREAS, the Holder is the holder of the following Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued on
each of: (i) September 17, 2024 (the Class A September 2024 Warrant and the Class B September 2024 Warrant), (ii) October 24, 2024 (the October 2024 Warrant), and (iii) December 18, 2024 (the December 2024 Warrant
and collectively with the Class A September 2024 Warrant, the Class B September 2024 Warrant, and the October 2024 Warrant, the Warrants) to purchase shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common

Stock);

WHEREAS, the Holder beneficially owns as of the date hereof the following Warrants: (i) Class
A September 2024 Warrant to purchase up to 714,286 shares of Common Stock, (ii) Class B September 2024 Warrant to purchase up to 357,143 shares of Common Stock, (iii) October 2024 Warrant to purchase up to 357,143 shares of Common Stock, and (iv)
December 2024 Warrant to purchase up to 800,000 shares of Common Stock;

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 5(l) of the Warrants, the Warrants may be modified or amended or
the provisions thereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holder, on the other hand; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holder desire to amend the Warrants as set forth in this
Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company and the Holder hereby agree as follows:

1. 

Amendment to Exercise Price. Section 2(b) of each Warrant is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $3.80, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

2. 

Amendment to Termination Date Defined Term. The defined term Termination Date in each Warrant is hereby defined to mean February 11, 2030.1

1 Note
that the closing date for the current offering is Monday, February 10, 2025; however, February 10, 2030 is a Sunday.

3. 

Stockholder Approval. The Company shall hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders on or prior to the date that is ninety (90) days following February 10, 2025 (the Closing

Date) for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposals are approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection
therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposals. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the
first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every sixty (60) days thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the Stockholder Approval Date and the date that is six (6) months following the Closing Date. If Stockholder
Approval is not obtained by the Closing Date, then (i) the Exercise Price of each Warrant will automatically be reduced (if and only if such new Exercise Price on the repricing date is lower than the exercise price of the Warrants then in
effect) to be the Minimum Price (as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)) of the Common Stock on the date that is six (6) months following the Closing Date, and (ii) the Termination Date shall automatically revert to the Termination Date
as set forth in the originally issued Warrants. The Company shall set the record date for the first meeting to obtain Stockholder Approval promptly after the Closing Date. Stockholder Approval
means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the matters addressed in Sections 1-3 of this
Amendment. Stockholder Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective.

4. 

No Further Amendment. Except as amended by this Amendment, the Warrants remain unaltered and shall remain in full force and effect.

5. 

Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Amendment shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of
that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement).

6. 

Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one and the same
instrument. Signatures delivered by facsimile, electronic mail (including as a PDF file) or other transmission method shall be deemed to be original signatures, shall be valid and binding, and, upon delivery, shall constitute due execution
of this Amendment.

(Signature page follows)

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Company and the Holder has caused this Amendment to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

COMPANY

MOMENTUS INC.

By: 

Name: 

John Rood

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

HOLDER

ARMISTICE CAPITAL MASTER FUND LTD.

By: 

Armistice Capital, LLC

its Investment Manager

By: 

Name: 

Steven Boyd

Title: 

Chief Investment Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ef20043284_ex4-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.4

THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE, OR BE THE SUBJECT OF ANY HEDGING, SHORT SALE,
DERIVATIVE, PUT, OR CALL TRANSACTION THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE EFFECTIVE ECONOMIC DISPOSITION OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT OR THE UNDERLYING SECURITIES FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY (180) DAYS IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THE COMMENCEMENT DATE (DEFINED
BELOW) EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE, OR BE THE SUBJECT OF ANY HEDGING, SHORT SALE, DERIVATIVE, PUT, OR CALL TRANSACTION THAT WOULD
RESULT IN THE EFFECTIVE ECONOMIC DISPOSITION OF, THIS PURCHASE WARRANT OR THE UNDERLYING SECURITIES FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY (180) DAYS IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THE COMMENCEMENT OF SALES IN THE OFFERING TO ANYONE OTHER THAN (I)
A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS (AGP) OR ANY PLACEMENT AGENT OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER OF AGP, OR OF ANY SUCH PLACEMENT AGENT OR SELECTED DEALER.

AMENDED AND RESTATED

PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

MOMENTUS INC.

Warrant Shares: 63,694 

Original Issue Date: February 11, 2025

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners or its designees or assigns (the Holder) is
entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after August 11, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on February
11, 2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from MOMENTUS INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to 63,694
shares of Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase

Agreement), dated February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and the purchaser signatory thereto.

1

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the
Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto, and delivered in accordance with the
notice requirements set forth in Section 5(h) herein (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i)
herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder
has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable following the date on
which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number
of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The
Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by
reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face
hereof.

b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $4.3175, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not
available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

2

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of
Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of
the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours
on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of
Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a
cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:
(a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported
by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency
succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first
of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which
the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink
Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as
determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

3

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 2(c), except to the extent required by applicable law, rule or regulation.

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder
by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A)
there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (other than
in the instance of a cashless exercise) and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case (i) or (ii) after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and subject to payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) by such date (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the
holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless
exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in
cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per
Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a
transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days,
on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

4

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of
this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all
other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company
fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is
required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder
anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common
Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving
rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be
deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock
having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the
amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to
the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any
fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by
the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in
respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder
and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise
and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the
terms hereof.

6

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any
portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the
foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which
such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or
Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be
calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this
Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as
contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a
Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a
more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in
writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of
shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section
2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to
such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or
distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of
this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding
treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time that the
Warrant is outstanding, the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase
Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock
acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such
extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would

not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

8

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

9

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the Companys assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock
are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged
for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving
corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a
reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the
Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the
Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within thirty (30) days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public
announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder, as described below, an amount of consideration equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised
portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, Holder
shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity, as of the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), valued at the Black Scholes Value of
the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination
thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not
offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received shares of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in
such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365-day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public
announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash
consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of
the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(d) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five Business Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on
the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction). The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of
the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is
exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that
from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of
the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

10

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of
this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the
Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

11

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the
Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities,
cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity
of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall
simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event
triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

12

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall be sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days
immediately following the date of effectiveness or commencement of sales of the offering (the Commencement Date) pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except the transfer of any security:

i. by operation of law or by reason of reorganization of the Company;

ii. to any FINRA member firm participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject to the lock-up restriction in
this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period;

iii. if the aggregate amount of securities of the Company held by the Holder or related person do not exceed 1% of the securities being offered;

iv. that is beneficially owned on a pro-rata basis by all equity owners of an investment fund, provided that no participating member manages or otherwise directs investments by
the fund, and participating members in the aggregate do not own more than 10% of the equity in the fund; or

v. the exercise or conversion of any security, if all securities received remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period.

Subject to the foregoing restriction and compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase
Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially
in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion
of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a
written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or
combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue
Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

13

c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in
the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a
stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section
2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of
the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the
Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such
cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall
not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

14

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to
provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the
duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein
without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all
taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at
all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or
consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall
obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the
provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize
cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such
right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate
proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

15

h) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of
Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 3901 N. First Street, San Jose, California
95134, Attention: Chief Executive Officer, email address: john.rood@momentus.space, or such other email address or address
as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a
nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and
effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after
the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second
Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and
no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by
creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be
enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

16

l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holder of
this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if
any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

17

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

MOMENTUS INC.

By: /s/ John C. Rood

Name: 

John C. Rood

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

18

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: MOMENTUS INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of
the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum
number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

(4) Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the
Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Dated: 

,

Holders Signature:

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ef20043284_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 10, 2025, between Momentus Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the purchasers
identified on the signature pages hereto (including its successors and assigns, the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as
defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in
and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Applicable Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

Auditor means the Companys independent accounting firm, Frank, Rimerman + Co. LLP.

Authorizations shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

BHCA shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ii).

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York
are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home,
shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for
wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

1

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the
Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.00001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or
changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation,
any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common Warrants means Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Common Warrants shall be exercisable
on the Stockholder Approval Date (as defined herein), provided however, if the Pricing Conditions (as defined herein) are met, Stockholder Approval (as defined herein) will not be required and the Common Warrants will be exercisable upon issuance,
and have a term of exercise equal to five years commencing from the date of issuance, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Common Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

Company Counsel means Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP.

Disclosure Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and
9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

Disqualification Event shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(kk).

DVP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2

Exempt Issuance means (i) the issuance of securities to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company pursuant to employee benefit plans, equity incentive plans or other
employee compensation plans existing on the date hereof and as described in the SEC Reports or pursuant to Nasdaq Rule 5635(c)(4), (ii) the issuance of securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder
and/or the issuance of securities pursuant to the exercise, exchange or conversion of any options, warrants, restricted stock units, rights or convertible securities outstanding on the date hereof, provided that such options, warrants, restricted
stock units, rights or convertible securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or to extend the
term of such securities, (iii) securities issued in connection with any joint venture, commercial or collaborative relationship, or the acquisition or license by the Company of the securities, businesses, property or other assets of another person,
provided that such issuance is approved by the majority of the disinterested directors of the Company and provided such securities are issued as restricted securities, (iv) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions
approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any
registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, and (v) issuances of shares of Common Stock upon
the exercise or exchange of rights issued pursuant to any shareholder rights agreement entered into between the Company and Transfer Agent.

FCPA shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(g).

Issuer Covered Persons shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(kk).

Liens means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up Agreements means the lock-up agreements in substantially the form of Exhibit B.

Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(a).

Per Pre-Funded Warrant Unit Purchase Price means $3.92499, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward share splits, share dividends, share combinations and other similar transactions of
the shares of Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Per Unit Purchase Price equals $3.925, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock
that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an
agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

3

Placement Agent means A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners.

Pre-Funded Warrants means, collectively, the Pre-Funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, in the
form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Preliminary Prospectus means the preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time the Registration Statement is declared effective.

Pricing Conditions means that the Per Unit Purchase Price is such that Stockholder Approval is not required under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) because
either (i) the offering is an at-the-market offering under Nasdaq rules and such price equals or exceeds the sum of (a) the applicable Minimum Price per share under Nasdaq Rule 5635(d) plus (b) $0.125 per whole share of Common Stock underlying
the Warrant or (ii) the offering is a discounted offering where the pricing and discount (including attributing a value of $0.125 per whole share underlying the Warrant) meet the pricing requirements under Nasdaqs rules.

Prospectus means the final prospectus filed pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Purchaser Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration Statement means the effective registration statement with the Commission on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284393), which registers the sale of the Securities and includes any Rule
462(b) Registration Statement.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation
hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation
hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Securities, which was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date
hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f).

Securities means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

4

Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Stockholder Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the
Company to consent to any exercise of the Warrants and issuance of Warrant Shares.

Stockholder Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective.

Subscription Amount means, as to the Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below the
Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary means any significant subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and shall,
where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital
Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Common Warrants, the Lock-Up Agreements, and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other
documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

Variable Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

Warrants means, collectively, the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants.

5

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to
purchase, (i) the number of shares of Common Stock set forth under the heading Subscription Amount on the Purchasers signature page hereto, at the Per Share Purchase Price, and (ii) Common Warrants exercisable for shares of Common Stock as
calculated pursuant to Section 2.2(a). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent that any Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that the Purchasers Subscription Amount would cause such Purchasers beneficial ownership
of the shares of Common Stock to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, such Purchaser may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of the Shares as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a).
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, at the election of each Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities on the
Closing Date.

Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) settlement with the
Company or its designees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any
time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery
Date (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share
Delivery Date. The Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the
Closing shall occur remotely or such location as the parties shall mutually agree. Settlement of the Shares shall occur via DVP when such Purchaser makes payment of the Subscription Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank
account designated by the Company, upon which paymentthe Company shall issue the Shares registered in such Purchasers name and address and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the
Placement Agent identified by such Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the Purchaser.

2.2Deliveries.

On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) 

this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) 

a legal opinion of Company Counsel in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent;

(iii) 

the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv) 

subject to the last sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at
Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to the Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Unit Purchase Price, registered in the name of the Purchaser;

6

(v) 

if applicable, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of each Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the difference between (A) the Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to the Pre-Funded
Warrants divided by the Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price and (B) the number of Shares otherwise issuable to each Purchaser that would cause the Purchasers beneficial ownership of Common Stock to be more than the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation with an exercise price equal to $0.00001 per share of Common Stock, subject to adjustment therein;

(vi) 

the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act);

(vii) 

a Common Warrant registered in the name of each Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of the Purchasers Shares, with an exercise price equal to $3.80, subject to adjustment therein;

(viii) 

an Officers Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent;

(ix) 

a Secretarys Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent; and

(x) 

the Lock-Up Agreements duly executed by each executive officer and director of the Company.

On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) 

this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii) 

the Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for DVP settlement with the Company or its designees; and

(iii) 

a warrant amendment with respect to Common Stock Purchase Warrants previously issued on each of: (i) September 17, 2024 (Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants), (ii) October 24, 2024, and (iii) December 18, 2024.

At the time this Agreement is executed, the Placement Agents shall have received:

(i) 

from the Auditor a cold comfort letter containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the
Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, addressed to the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Placement Agent, dated as of the
date of this Agreement; and

7

(ii) 

from the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, a certificate certifying as to certain financial matters set forth therein and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Placement Agent, dated as of the date of this
Agreement.

On the Closing Date, the Placement Agents shall have received:

(i) 

from the Auditor a letter, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that the Auditor reaffirms the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to Section 2.2(c)(i); and

(ii) 

from the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that the Chief Financial Officer of the Company reaffirms the statements made in the certificate furnished pursuant to Section
2.2(c)(ii).

2.3Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) 

the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of
the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) 

all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) 

the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The respective obligations of each Purchaser in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) 

the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of
the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) 

all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

8

(iii) 

the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) 

there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v) 

from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally
as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have
been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any
material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of the Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any
representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchaser:

(e) Organization and Good Standing.Each of the subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). Each of the Company and
its subsidiaries has been duly incorporated or organized, as applicable, is validly existing and is in good standing (to the extent the concept of good standing is applicable in such jurisdiction) under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation
or organization. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has the requisite power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as currently being carried on and as described in the SEC Reports, and is duly qualified to do business
as a foreign corporation or other entity in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or ownership of property makes such qualification necessary and in which the failure to so qualify would have (a) a material adverse
effect upon the business, properties, operations, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a
timely basis its obligations under the Transaction Documents (Material Adverse Effect).

(f) No Violations or Defaults. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(b), neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries (A) is in violation of its respective charters,
bylaws or other organizational documents, (B) is in breach of or otherwise in default and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a default, in the performance or observance of any term, covenant or
condition contained in any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, lease or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its material property or assets is subject, or (C) is
in violation in any respect of any law, ordinance, governmental rule, regulation or court order, decree or judgment to which it or its property or assets may be subject, including the SarbanesOxley Act and the Exchange Act; except, in the case of
clauses (A), (B) and (C) of this paragraph (b), for any breaches, violations or defaults which, singularly or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

9

(g) Authorization; No Conflicts; Authority. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, and constitutes a valid, legal and binding obligation of
the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as rights to indemnity hereunder may be limited by federal or state securities laws and except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar
laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to general principles of equity. The Warrants have been duly authorized, and when executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute a valid, legal and binding obligation of the
Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to general principles of equity. The
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions herein and therein contemplated will not (A) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or
constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other
agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject and which
is material to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, (B) result in any violation of the provisions of the Companys charter or by-laws or (C) result in the violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule, regulation or
decree of any court or arbitrator or federal, state, local or foreign governmental agency or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties or assets (each, a Governmental
Authority), except in the case of clause (A) or (C) as would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or registration or filing with any Governmental Authority is required for the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement or for the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the issuance or sale of the Securities by the Company, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this
Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus, (iii) the Stockholder Approval; (iv) notices and/or application(s) to and approvals by each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the applicable Securities for trading thereon
in the time and manner required thereby, and (v) filings required by the rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) or state securities or blue sky laws; and the Company has full power and authority to enter into the
Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the authorization, issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement.

10

(h) Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all liens imposed by the Company. When paid for and issued in accordance with this Agreement, the Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to general principles
of equity. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, subject to Stockholder Approval, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has
reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement shall reserve from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant to the Warrants. The
Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on February 10, 2025, including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been
required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the
Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and
regulations of the Commission, shall file the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective as determined under the
Securities Act, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time
the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(i) Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(e). All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock
of the Company, including the outstanding shares of Common Stock, are duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state and foreign securities laws, were not issued in
violation of or subject to any preemptive rights or other rights to subscribe for or purchase securities that have not been waived in writing, and the holders thereof are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the
capital stock of the Company, including the Common Stock, conforms in all material respects to the description thereof in the SEC Reports. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(e), (A) there are no preemptive rights or other rights to
subscribe for or to purchase, or any restriction upon the voting or transfer of, any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Companys charter, bylaws or any agreement or other instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party
or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound; and (B) neither the filing of the Registration Statement nor the offering or sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement gives rise to any rights for or relating to the
registration of any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company (collectively Registration Rights), except as have been validly waived or complied with in connection with the sale of Securities as contemplated by this
Agreement. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports (as defined below), there are no stockholders
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

11

(j) SEC Reports. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(f), the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the
Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such
material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a
timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(k) Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Company, together with the related notes, set forth or incorporated by reference in the SEC Reports comply in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and fairly present the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of operations and changes in cash flows
for the periods therein specified in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States consistently applied throughout the periods involved; the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement
present fairly the information required to be stated therein; all non-GAAP financial information included in the SEC Reports complies with the requirements of Regulation G and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Act; and, except as disclosed in the
SEC Reports, there are no material off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Regulation S-K under the Act, Item 303(a)(4)(ii)) or any other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, that may have a material current effect or,
to the Companys knowledge, material future effect on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources or significant components of revenue or expenses. No other financial statements or
schedules are required to be included in the SEC Reports. To the Companys knowledge, the Auditor, which has expressed its opinion with respect to the financial statements and schedules filed as a part of the SEC Reports and included in the SEC
Reports is (x) an independent public accounting firm within the meaning of the Act and the Rules and Regulations, (y) a registered public accounting firm (as defined in Section 2(a)(12) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act))
and (z) not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(l) Absence of Certain Events; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h), subsequent to the respective dates as of which
information is given in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has (i) incurred any material liabilities, direct or contingent, other than trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices and liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles or disclosed in filings made with the Commission; (ii) declared or paid any
dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock; (iii) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the Company (other than a change in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock due to the issuance
of shares upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, settlement of restricted stock units or conversion of convertible securities); (iv) any issuance of options, warrants, restricted stock units, convertible securities or other rights to
purchase the capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (v) any event or development that has had a Material Adverse Effect or any development which could reasonably be expected to result in any Material Adverse Effect. Except for
(i) the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, or (ii) as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h), no material event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to
occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws
at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed prior to the date that this representation is made.

12

(m) Absence of Proceedings. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), there is not pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, any action, suit or proceeding (a)
to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or (b) which has as the subject thereof any officer or director of the Company or any subsidiary, any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any subsidiary or any property or
assets owned or leased by the Company or any subsidiary before or by any court or Governmental Authority, or any arbitrator, which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in any Material Adverse Effect, or would
materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. There are no current or, to the knowledge of the Company, pending, legal, governmental or regulatory actions, suits or
proceedings (x) to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject or (y) which has as the subject thereof any officer or director of the Company or any subsidiary, any employee plan sponsored by the Company or any subsidiary or any
property or assets owned or leased by the Company or any subsidiary, that are required to be described in the SEC Reports by the Securities Act or by the Rules and Regulations and that have not been so described in all material respects. The
Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(n) Labor Relations. No material labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened or imminent, and the
Company is not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by the employees of any of its or its subsidiaries principal suppliers, contractors or customers, that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(o) Reserved.

(p) Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is (i) in violation of any statute, any rule,
regulation, decision or order of any Governmental Authority or any court, domestic or foreign, relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating to the protection or restoration of the environment or human
exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, Environmental Laws), (ii) owns or operates any real property contaminated with any substance that is subject to any environmental laws, (iii) is liable for any off-site disposal or
contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, or (iv) is subject to any claim relating to any Environmental Laws, which violation, contamination, liability or claim would individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Ownership of Assets. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all property (whether real or personal) described in the SEC Reports as being owned by
them which is material to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case free and clear of all liens, claims, security interests, other encumbrances or defects except such as are described in the SEC Reports or as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The property held under lease by the Company and its subsidiaries is held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with only such
exceptions with respect to any particular lease as do not interfere in any material respect with the conduct of the business of the Company or its subsidiaries.

13

(r) Intellectual Property The Company and each of its subsidiaries owns, possesses, or can acquire on reasonable terms, all Intellectual Property (as defined below) necessary for
the conduct of the Companys and it subsidiaries business as now conducted or as described in the SEC Reports to be conducted, except as such failure to own, possess, or acquire such rights would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Furthermore, except as described in the SEC Reports, (A) to the knowledge of the Company after reasonable investigation (Knowledge), there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any such
Intellectual Property, except as such infringement, misappropriation or violation would not result in a Material Adverse Effect; (B) there is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, action, suit, proceeding or claim by others
challenging the Companys or any of its subsidiaries rights in or to any such Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any objective facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim; (C) the Intellectual Property owned by
the Company and its subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property licensed to the Company and its subsidiaries, has not been adjudged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property; (D) there is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding
or claim by others that the Company or any of its subsidiaries infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property or other proprietary rights of others, and neither the Company or any of its subsidiaries has received any
written notice of such claim; and (E) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is in or has ever been in violation of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment
agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except as such violation would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. Intellectual Property shall mean all patents, patent
applications, trademarks, trademark registrations, service marks, service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, copyright registrations, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, Internet domain names, Internet domain name registrations,
technology, registrations, trade secret rights, know-how and other intellectual property.

(s) Insurance. The Company and each of its subsidiaries carries, or is covered by, insurance from insurers of recognized financial responsibility in such amounts and covering such
risks as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries; all policies of insurance and any fidelity or surety bonds insuring the Company or any of its subsidiaries or its business, assets, employees, officers and
directors are in full force and effect, except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect; the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of such policies and instruments in all material respects; and neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries has reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost
that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

14

(t) Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i)
transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing
assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Since the end of the latest audited fiscal year, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not
remediated) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Companys board of directors has, subject to the exceptions, cure periods and the phase in periods
specified in the applicable stock exchange rules (Exchange Rules), validly appointed an audit committee to oversee internal accounting controls whose composition satisfies the applicable
requirements of the Exchange Rules and the Companys board of directors and/or the audit committee has adopted a charter that satisfies the requirements of the Exchange Rules.

(u) Certain Fees. Except for fees payable to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any subsidiary to any broker,
financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with
respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(v) Investment Company. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities, will not be an investment company, as such term is defined
in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or
which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.1(s), the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in
compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance
requirements, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(s). The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of
the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share
acquisition, business combination or other similar antitakeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to each
Purchaser as a result of each Purchaser and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the
Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

15

(y) Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any
other Person acting on its behalf has provided to each Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus. The
Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to each Purchaser regarding the
Company and its subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, when taken together as a whole, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes
or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates,
nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated
with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Registration Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(bb) Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is as set forth in the Prospectus. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm is a
registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act.

(cc) Data Privacy. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(ii) of the Disclosure Schedules, to Companys knowledge, the Company has and is currently taking the measures required
by any and all applicable law or any applicable binding directive, guidelines or requirements of a regulator in all relevant jurisdictions to protect the privacy of any Personal Information (as defined below) (the Data Privacy Laws) in
connection with Companys collection, storage, use, transfer of, (a) any personally identifiable information from any individuals, including name, address, telephone number, email address, financial account number, government-issued identifier, and
any other data used or intended to be used to identify, contact or precisely locate a person, (b) any information from or about an individual whose use, aggregation, holding or management is restricted under any applicable Law, (c) Internet
Protocol address or other persistent identifier; (d) information as defined by the Israeli Privacy Protection Law (whether or not such information constitutes sensitive information as defined thereunder) (collectively Personal Information)
to maintain in confidence such Personal Information. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(ii) of the Disclosure Schedules, to Companys knowledge, the Company has at all times complied with the Data Privacy Laws, and is in compliance with any
contractual obligations, if any, relating to privacy, data protection, and the collection, storage and use of the Personal Information, if any. No claims have been asserted or, to the best knowledge of the Company, are threatened against the
Company by any Person alleging a violation of any Persons or any entitys privacy, personal or confidentiality rights under the Data Privacy Laws and/or contractual obligations relating to privacy. To the best knowledge of the Company, there has
been no unauthorized access to or other misuse of Personal Information. The Company has never reported a data breach to any relevant regulator in any jurisdiction.

16

(dd) Tax Status. The Company and its subsidiaries (A) have timely filed all federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise tax returns required to be filed and (B) are not in
default in the payment of any taxes which were payable pursuant to said returns or any assessments with respect thereto, other than any which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is contesting in good faith; except those, in each of the cases
described in clauses (A) and (B) of this paragraph (x), that would not, singularly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending material dispute with any taxing authority relating to any of such
returns, and the Company has no knowledge of any proposed material liability for any tax to be imposed upon the properties or assets of the Company for which there is not an adequate reserve reflected in the Companys financial statements included
in the SEC Reports.

(ee) Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Company, its subsidiaries, its affiliates and any of their respective officers, directors, supervisors, managers,
agents, or employees, each in their respective roles with the Company, has not violated, its participation in the offering will not violate, and the Company and each of its subsidiaries has instituted and maintains policies and procedures designed
to ensure continued compliance in all material respects with, each of the following laws: anti-bribery laws, including but not limited to, any applicable law, rule, or regulation of any locality in which the Company does business, including but not
limited to any applicable law, rule, or regulation promulgated to implement the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed December 17, 1997, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA), as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (to the extent applicable), or any other applicable law, rule or regulation of similar purposes and scope, or anti-money laundering laws, including but not limited to,
applicable federal, state, international, foreign or other laws, regulations or government guidance regarding anti-money laundering, including, without limitation, Title 18 US. Code section 1956 and 1957, the Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, and
international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, of which the United States is a member and with which designation the United
States representative to the group or organization continues to concur, all as amended, and any executive order, directive, or regulation pursuant to the authority of any of the foregoing, or any orders or licenses issued thereunder.

(ff) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length
purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that each Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with
respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by each Purchaser or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the
independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

17

(gg) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Section 4.14 hereof), it
is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) each Purchaser has not been asked by the Company to agree, nor has each Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative
securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by the Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) the Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions,
if any, to which each Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) each Purchaser may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities (if
any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute
a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(hh) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to
result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the
Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in
connection with the placement of the Securities.

(ii) Cybersecurity. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all
applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of the Companys or
any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or
technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained
commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have
implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with commercially reasonable industry standards and practices.

(jj) Stock Option Plans. Except as described in the SEC Reports, there are no options, warrants, restricted stock units, agreements, contracts or other rights in existence to
purchase or acquire from the Company or any subsidiary of the Company any shares of the capital stock of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company. The description of the Companys stock option, stock bonus and other stock plans or arrangements
(the Company Stock Plans), and the options (the Options) or other rights granted thereunder, set forth in the SEC Reports accurately and fairly presents the information required to be shown with respect to such plans,
arrangements, options and rights. Each grant of an Option (A) was duly authorized no later than the date on which the grant of such Option was by its terms to be effective by all necessary corporate action, including, as applicable, approval by the
board of directors of the Company (or a duly constituted and authorized committee thereof) and any required shareholder approval by the necessary number of votes or written consents, and the award agreement governing such grant (if any) was duly
executed and delivered by each party thereto and (B) was made in accordance in all material respects with the terms of the applicable Company Stock Plan, and all applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, including all applicable federal
securities laws.

18

(kk) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or
any subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(ll) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon a Purchasers request.

(mm) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to
regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding
shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(nn) Regulatory. Except as described in the SEC Reports and on Schedule 3.1(f), the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are and at all times have been in material compliance with all
statutes, rules and regulations applicable to the Company including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Sec. 1320a-7b(b)), the regulations promulgated pursuant to such laws, and any successor government programs and
comparable state laws, and all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws, manual provisions, policies and administrative guidance relating to the regulation of the Company (collectively, the Applicable Laws);
(ii) have not received any notice from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, exemptions, certificates, approvals, clearances,
authorizations, permits, registrations and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations); (iii) possess all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect
and are not in violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (iv) have not received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator or
governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations nor is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation,
arbitration or other action threatened; (v) have not received any written notice that any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority has taken, is taking or intends to take, action to limit, suspend, materially modify or revoke any
Authorizations nor is any such limitation, suspension, modification or revocation threatened; (vi) have filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and
supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date
filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission); and (vii) are not a party to any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, or similar agreements with or imposed by any
governmental or regulatory authority.

19

(oo) No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its
predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the
basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons)
is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The
Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to
the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(pp) Other Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or
indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(qq) Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers and the Placement Agent in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. Each Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows
(unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization; Authority. Each Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and
otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by each Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of the Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Purchaser, and when delivered by each
Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other
equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

20

(b) Understandings or Arrangements. Each Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with
any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty not limiting the Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c) Experience of the Purchaser. The Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial
matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Each Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(d) Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, each Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or
pursuant to any understanding with the Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that each Purchaser first received a term
sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to the Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, each Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all
disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty,
or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(e) Independent Advice. Each Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection
with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect the Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to
effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

21

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Legends. The shares of Common Stock and the Warrant Shares shall be issued free of legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement is not
effective or is not otherwise available for the sale of the shares of Common Stock, the Warrants or the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then
effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale of the Shares, the Warrants or the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not
limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Shares, the Warrants or the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company shall use commercially reasonable best efforts
to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance of the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2 Furnishing of Information; Public Information. Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities and (ii) the Common Warrants have expired, the Company
covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by
the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act, even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, except in the event that the Company consummates (a) any transaction or series of related
transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company; (b) a merger or reorganization of the
Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, where the consummation of such transaction results in the Company no longer subject to
the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3 Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities
Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder
approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person
acting on its behalf will provide each Purchaser or its respective agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto each Purchaser shall
have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in
securities of the Company. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the
Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and each Purchaser or any of its Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and each Purchaser shall
consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor each Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the
prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of the Purchaser, or without the prior consent of the Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company which names the Purchaser, which consent shall not unreasonably be
withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
shall not publicly disclose the name of the Purchaser, or include the name of each Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, except (a) as required by
federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide each Purchaser
with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

22

4.5 Reserved.

4.6 Reserved.

4.7 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for general corporate purposes, which shall include the preparation and
filing of all outstanding reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, and funding its working
capital needs, but shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, or (b) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8 Indemnification of the Purchaser. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers,
shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls each Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and
expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any material breach of any of
the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against each Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective
Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such
Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal
securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct), or (c) in connection with the Registration Statement the Company will indemnify each
Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or
relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out
of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser Party expressly
for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be brought against any
Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own
choosing reasonably acceptable to each Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or
(z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the
reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the
investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred; provided, however, that if it is subsequently determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction that each Purchaser was not entitled to
receive such payments, each Purchaser shall promptly (but in no event later than five (5) Business Days) return such payments to the Company. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of
any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

23

4.9 Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive
rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Common Warrants.

4.10 Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on
which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such
Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is
necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock
on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the eligibility of
the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing
corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

24

4.11 Reserved.

4.12 Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) From the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance
or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus Supplement or filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in
connection with any employee benefit plan.

(b) From the date hereof until six (6) months after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt
or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon
and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at
some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters
into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant
to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, after sixty (60) days following the Closing Date, the entry into and/or issuance of shares of
Common Stock in an at the market offering with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.13 Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver
or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each
Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

25

4.14 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute
any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly
announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial
press release as described in Section 4.4, each Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction, and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and
notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) each Purchaser makes no representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in
any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) each Purchaser shall not be restricted or
prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the
initial press release as described in Section 4.4, and (iii) each Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its subsidiaries after the issuance of the
initial press release as described in Section 4.4.

4.15 Reserved.

4.16 Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Common Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of each Purchaser in order to exercise
the Common Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of each Purchaser to exercise its Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor
shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Common Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Common Warrants and shall deliver Warrant
Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.17 Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except to extend the term of the lock-up period and
shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek specific performance of
the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

4.18 Reserved.

4.19 Capital Changes. From the date hereof until ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split or reclassification of the
Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the Securities, except for any reverse or forward stock split or reclassification previously approved by the Companys stockholders and expressly
contemplated by the SEC Reports.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by each Purchaser by written notice to the Company, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading
Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

26

5.2 Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants
and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation,
any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by the Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the
Purchaser.

5.3 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits
and schedules.

5.4 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30
p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the
signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight
courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice
provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the
Company and the Purchaser. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

5.6 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign
this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Each Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom each Purchaser assigns
or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

27

5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 3.1 and the
representations and warranties of each Purchaser in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision
hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced
in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in
the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any
dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in
any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or
Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by
e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature
page were an original thereof.

28

5.12 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the
remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they
would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in
exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such
loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.14 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each Purchaser and the Company will be entitled
to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree
to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.15 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to each Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or each Purchaser enforces or exercises its
rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to
be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent
of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.16 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business
Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.17 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any
other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no
action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting
in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights
arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own
separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through Blank Rome LLP, the
legal counsel of the Placement Agent, and Blank Rome LLP, as legal counsel of the Placement Agent, does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same
terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each
other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

29

5.18 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the
normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.19 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

30

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

MOMENTUS INC. 

Address for Notice:

3901 N. First Street

San Jose, CA 95134

By: 

Fax:

Name: John Rood 

E-mail: john.rood@momentus.space

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP

One Federal Place

1819 5th Avenue N

Birmingham, AL 35203

Attn: Stephen Hinton

Email: shinton@bradley.com

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

31

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO MNTS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 

Address for Notice to Purchaser: 

Address for Delivery of Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription Amount: $ 

Shares: 

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares: ________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

Common Warrant Shares: _____ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN Number: 

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the
Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur by the first (1st) Trading Day
following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument,
certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the
like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

32

Exhibit A

Form of Common Warrant

(See attached)

33

Exhibit B

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

February ___, 2025

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, New York 10022

Re: Momentus Inc.Proposed Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands that you (AGP or the Placement Agent) propose
to enter into or have entered into a Placement Agency Agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement) providing for the offer and sale (the Offering) of (i) shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common Stock), of Momentus Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), (ii) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrants), and (iii) pre-funded warrants to purchase
shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants, and together with the Common Warrants, the Warrants, and collectively with
the Common Stock, the Securities).

In consideration of the execution of the Placement Agency Agreement by AGP, and for other good and valuable consideration, the undersigned hereby irrevocably agrees that, without the prior written
consent of AGP, the undersigned will not, directly or indirectly, (a) offer for sale, sell, pledge, or otherwise transfer or dispose of (or enter into any transaction that is designed to, or could reasonably be expected to, result in the transfer
or disposition by any person at any time in the future of) any shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, shares of Common Stock that may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the undersigned in accordance with the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and shares of Common Stock that may be issued upon exercise of any options or warrants) or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock; (b) enter into any swap or other
derivatives transaction that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic benefits or risks of ownership of shares of Common Stock, whether any such transaction described in clause (a) or (b) above is to be settled by delivery of
Common Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise; (c) except as provided for below, make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration statement, including any amendments thereto, with respect to the registration of
any shares of Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock or any other securities of the Company; or (d) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing for a period commencing on the date
hereof and ending ninety (90) days after the date of the effective date of this Agreement (such 90-day period, the Lock-Up Period).

34

The foregoing paragraph shall not apply to (a) transactions relating to shares of Common Stock or other securities acquired in the open market after the completion of the Offering, providedthat no filing under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
shall be required or shall be voluntarily made in connection with such transactions; (b) bona fide gifts of shares of Common Stock or any security convertible into Common Stock, in each case that are made exclusively between and among the
undersigned or members of the undersigneds family, or affiliates of the undersigned, including its partners (if a partnership) or members (if a limited liability company); (c) any transfer of shares of Common Stock or any security convertible into
Common Stock by will or intestate succession upon the death of the undersigned; (d) transfer of shares of Common Stock or any security convertible into Common Stock to an immediate family member (for purposes of this Lock-Up Letter Agreement, immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin) or any trust, limited partnership, limited liability company or other entity for the direct or
indirect benefit of the undersigned or any immediate family member of the undersigned; provided that, in the case of clauses (b), (c) and (d) above, it shall be a condition to any such transfer that (i)
the transferee/donee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Lock-Up Letter Agreement (including, without limitation, the restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence) to the same extent as if the transferee/donee were a party hereto; (ii) each
party (donor, donee, transferor or transferee) shall not be required by law (including without limitation the disclosure requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and the Exchange Act) to make, and shall agree to not voluntarily make, any filing or public announcement of the transfer or disposition prior to the expiration of the 90-day period referred to above; and (iii) the undersigned
notifies AGP at least two (2) business days prior to the proposed transfer or disposition; (e) the transfer of shares to the Company to satisfy withholding obligations for any equity award granted pursuant to the terms of the Companys stock
option/incentive plans, such as upon exercise, vesting, lapse of substantial risk of forfeiture, or other similar taxable event, in each case on a cashless or net exercise basis (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall not include cashless
exercise programs involving a broker or other third party), provided that as a condition of any transfer pursuant to this clause (e), that if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act, reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a statement in
such report, and if applicable an appropriate disposition transaction code, to the effect that such transfer is being made as a share delivery or forfeiture in connection with a net value exercise, or as a forfeiture or sale of shares solely to
cover required tax withholding, as the case may be; (f) transfers of shares of Common Stock or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock pursuant to a bona fide third party tender offer made to all holders of the
Common Stock, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction involving a change of control (as defined below) of the Company, including voting in favor of any such transaction or taking any other action in connection with such transaction, provided that in the event that such merger, tender offer or other transaction is not completed, the Common Stock and any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock shall remain
subject to the restrictions set forth herein; (g) the vesting of equity awards, the exercise of warrants or the exercise of stock options granted pursuant to the Companys stock option/incentive plans or otherwise outstanding on the date hereof; provided, that the restrictions shall apply to shares of Common Stock issued upon such vesting, exercise or conversion; (h) the establishment of any, or the continued use of any existing, contract, instruction
or plan that satisfies all of the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 (a Rule 10b5-1 Plan) under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that except for already existing plans, no sales of Common Stock or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, Common Stock, shall be made pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 Plan prior to the expiration of
the Lock-Up Period; provided further, that the Company is not required to report the establishment of such Rule 10b5-1 Plan in any public report or filing with the Commission under the Exchange Act during
the lock-up period and does not otherwise voluntarily effect any such public filing or report regarding such Rule 10b5-1 Plan; and (i) any demands or requests for, exercise any right with respect to, or take any action in preparation of, the
registration by the Company under the Securities Act of the undersigneds shares of Common Stock, provided that no transfer of the undersigneds shares of Common Stock registered pursuant to the exercise of any such right and no registration
statement shall be filed under the Securities Act with respect to any of the undersigneds shares of Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period. For purposes of clause (f) above, change of control shall mean
the consummation of any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, purchase, consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any person (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act), or group of persons, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of a majority of total voting power of the voting stock of the Company.

35

The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of the undersigneds securities subject to
this Lock-Up Letter Agreement except in compliance with this Lock-Up Letter Agreement.

It is understood that, if the Company notifies AGP that it does not intend to proceed with the Offering, if the Placement Agency Agreement does not become effective, or if the Placement Agency
Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Shares, the undersigned will be released from its obligations under this Lock-Up Letter Agreement.

The undersigned understands that the Company and AGP will proceed with the Offering in reliance on this Lock-Up Letter Agreement.

This Lock-Up Letter Agreement shall automatically terminate upon (a) the termination of the Placement Agency Agreement prior to the issuance and delivery of the Securities, (b) the date that either
the Company or AGP provides written notice to the other that it has determined not to proceed with the proposed Offering and, with respect to the Company, is terminating this Lock-Up Letter Agreement on behalf of all of the Companys holders of
securities subject to a Lock-Up Letter Agreement, provided that the Company and AGP shall not have executed the Placement Agency Agreement on or prior to such date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Lock-Up Letter Agreement
shall lapse and become null and void if the closing of the Offering shall not have occurred on or before February 28, 2025.

This Lock-Up Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Delivery of a
signed copy of this Lock-Up Letter Agreement by facsimile or e-mail/.pdf transmission shall be effective as the delivery of the original hereof.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Lock-Up Letter Agreement and that, upon request, the undersigned will execute any
additional documents necessary in connection with the enforcement hereof. Any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the heirs, personal representative, successors and assigns of the undersigned.

36

[Signature page follows]

37

Very truly yours,

(Name)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory, in the case of entities Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities Please Print)

Address: 

38

Exhibit C

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

(See attached)

39
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ef20043284_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Momentus Announces $5 Million Offering Priced At-The-Market Under Nasdaq Rules

SAN JOSE, Calif. (BUSINESS WIRE) February 10, 2025 Momentus Inc. (NASDAQ: MNTS) (Momentus or the Company) a U.S. commercial space company that offers satellite buses, transportation, and other in-space infrastructure services, today announced the pricing of its reasonable best efforts offering with a single institutional
investor for the purchase and sale of 1,273,886 shares of its common stock (or common stock equivalents in lieu thereof) and warrants to purchase up to 1,273,886 shares of common stock at a combined purchase price of $3.925 (the Offering). The
warrants will have an exercise price of $3.80 per share, will be immediately exercisable and will expire 5 years from the initial exercise date.

The closing of the Offering is expected to occur on or about February 11, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The gross proceeds from
the Offering are expected to be approximately $5 million, before deducting placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for advancement for general corporate purposes.

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners is acting as sole placement agent for the Offering.

The securities described above are being offered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-284393), previously filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), which was declared effective on February 10, 2025. The Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus forming part of the effective registration statement. Copies of the preliminary prospectus and,
when available, copies of the final prospectus, relating to the Offering may be obtained on the SECs website located at http://www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the final
prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained, when available, from A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, 590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by telephone at (212) 624-2060, or by email at prospectus@allianceg.com.

The Company also has agreed that certain existing warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,228,572 shares of common stock will be amended such that the warrants
will have a reduced exercise price of $3.80 per share. The Class A September 2024 Warrant of 714,286 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $8.05 per share, the Class B September 2024 Warrant of 357,143 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $8.05 per share, the October 2024 Warrant of 357,143 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $8.05 per share, and the December 2024 Warrant of 800,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.08 per share, will be amended
such that the warrants will have a reduced exercise price of $3.80 per share. The warrant amendment is subject to stockholder approval, and the warrants shall expire five years from the date stockholder approval is obtained. If stockholder approval
is not obtained by the date that is six months following the initial date of issuance of these warrants, then the exercise price of the warrants will automatically be reduced to the Minimum Price (as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)) of the
common stock on the date that is six (6) months following the initial date of issuance of the warrants and the warrants will expire five years following the date that is six (6) months following the initial date of issuance of the warrants.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any
state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Momentus

Momentus is a U.S. commercial space company that offers commercial satellite buses and in-space infrastructure services including in-space
transportation, hosted payloads, and other in-orbit services.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains certain statements that may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws.
Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the expected closing of the Offering, the intended use of proceeds and fulfillment of customary closing conditions. Momentus or its management teams expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, and are not guarantees of future performance. Because
forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of Momentus control. Many factors could cause actual future
events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this press release, including but not limited to risks and uncertainties included under the heading Risk Factors in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on June 6,
2024, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), accessible on the SECs website at www.sec.gov and the Investor Relations section of our website at
https://momentus.space. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and, except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation and does
not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

Contact:

Investors:
investors@momentus.space

Media: press@momentus.space
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ef20043284_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Momentus Announces Closing of $5 Million Offering Priced At-The-Market

Under NASDAQ Rules

SAN JOSE, Calif. (BUSINESS WIRE) February 11, 2025 Momentus Inc. (NASDAQ: MNTS) (Momentus or the Company), a U.S. commercial space company that
offers satellite buses, transportation, and other in-space infrastructure services, today announced the closing of its previously announced reasonable best efforts offering with a single institutional investor for the purchase and sale of
1,273,886 shares of common stock (or common stock equivalents in lieu thereof) and warrants to purchase up to 1,273,886 shares of common stock at a combined offering price of $3.925 per share and accompanying warrant, priced at-the-market under
Nasdaq rules (the Offering). The Company received aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $5 million, before deducting placement agent fees and other Offering expenses, and assuming no exercise of the warrants. The warrants have an exercise
price of $3.80 per share, are exercisable immediately and will expire five years from the issuance date.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for general corporate purposes.

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners acted as the sole placement agent for the Offering. 

The securities described above were offered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333- 284393), previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which was declared effective on February 10, 2025.
This Offering was made only by means of a prospectus forming part of the effective registration statement. Copies of the preliminary prospectus and the final prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained on the SECs website located at
http://www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the final prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained from A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, 590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by telephone at (212) 624-2060, or by email at
prospectus@allianceg.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these
securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About Momentus 

Momentus is a U.S. commercial space company that offers commercial satellite buses and in-space infrastructure services including in-space
transportation, hosted payloads, and other in-orbit services.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains certain statements that may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws.
Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the intended use of proceeds. Momentus or its management teams expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future, projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, and are not guarantees of future performance. Because forward-looking statements relate
to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of Momentus control. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from
the forward-looking statements in this press release, including but not limited to risks and uncertainties included under the heading Risk Factors in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on June 6, 2024, as such factors may be
updated from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), accessible on the SECs website at www.sec.gov and the Investor Relations section of our website at https://momentus.space. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and, except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

Contact:

Investors:
investors@momentus.space

Media:press@momentus.space
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>mnts-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>mnts-20250210_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>mnts-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Common Stock [Member] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Entity Listings [Table] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Warrants [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>mnts-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>image0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 10, 2025

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39128

Entity Registrant Name Momentus Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001781162

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-1905538

Entity Address, Address Line One 3901 N. First Street

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95134

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 564-7820

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Common Stock [Member] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock

Trading Symbol MNTS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants [Member] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants

Trading Symbol MNTSW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityListingsLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mnts_WarrantsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://momentus.space/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20043284_8k.htm 
mnts-20250210.xsd 
mnts-20250210_def.xml 
mnts-20250210_lab.xml 
mnts-20250210_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-004114-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ef20043284_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001781162 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0001781162 

mnts:WarrantsMember 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0001781162 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

false 
0001781162 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
Momentus Inc. 
DE 
001-39128 
84-1905538 
3901 N. First Street 
San Jose 
CA 
95134 
650 
564-7820 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock 
MNTS 
NASDAQ 
Warrants 
MNTSW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>