<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-080753.txt : 20250415
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-080753.hdr.sgml : 20250415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415080217
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-080753
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HENRY SCHEIN INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000228
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MEDICAL, DENTAL & HOSPITAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5047]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				113136595
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27078
		FILM NUMBER:		25837616

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 DURYEA RD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6318435500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 DURYEA RD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCHEIN HENRY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950907
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d835579d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

HENRY SCHEIN INCfalse000100022800010002282025-04-102025-04-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of the report (Date of earliest event reported): April 10, 2025

Henry Schein, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 0-27078 11-3136595

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

135 Duryea Road, Melville, New York 11747

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (631)843-5500

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240. 14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $.01 per share HSIC The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On April 10, 2025, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee) of Henry Schein, Inc. (the Company) approved the adoption of the Henry Schein, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (the Severance Plan), to provide severance benefits to certain executive-level employees in the event their employment with the Company terminates under certain qualifying circumstances, as further described below, and the adoption of the amended and restated Henry Schein, Inc. Executive Change in Control Plan (the CIC Plan), to provide for coordination of benefits with the Severance Plan and any other severance arrangements. 

Severance Plan 

The Severance Plan contains the following terms and conditions: 

Eligibility and Participation. Members of the Companys Executive Management Committee or any successor committees, and other employees of the Company who are specifically designated by the Compensation Committee are eligible to participate in the Severance Plan, in each case, provided that such employee is not otherwise eligible for severance benefits under an individual agreement (unless such severance benefits are less than those provided for in the Severance Plan, in which case such employee would be eligible to receive the incremental increase in severance benefits under the Severance Plan). The Chief Executive Officer of the Company is not eligible to participate in the Severance Plan. 

Benefits Under the Severance Plan. In the event that a participant in the Severance Plan is terminated by the Company without Cause, or, only for participants who are executive officers (under applicable federal securities laws), resigns for Good Reason, the participant shall be entitled to receive: 

base salary through the termination date; and 

settlement of the participants deferred compensation arrangements in accordance with the applicable plan or election form. 

Additionally, subject to the timely execution and non-revocation of a release of claims, the participant shall be entitled to receive: 

a pro-rated annual bonus based on actual performance for the year in which the termination occurs; 

an amount equal to product of (A) the sum of the participants base salary and average annual bonus paid with respect to the immediately preceding three fiscal years ended prior to the date of termination, and (B) a multiple based on the participants position (the Severance Multiple). Under the Severance Plan, the Severance Multiple for each participant who is an executive officer 1.5, and the Severance Multiple for all other participants is 1.0; 

pro-rata acceleration of vesting of outstanding equity awards based on service period prior to termination (subject to actual performance for performance-based awards); 

COBRA continuation health coverage subsidized by the Company (with the participant paying the applicable active employee rate) for up to the applicable severance period (not to exceed 18 months); and 

outplacement services. 

The Severance Plan contains non-duplication language to reduce any severance benefits provided for in an individual written agreement or under the CIC Plan by the amounts payable under the Severance Plan. 

Restrictive Covenants; Clawback. The Severance Plan contains restrictive covenants, including confidentiality and invention assignment and post-employment non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disparagement covenants. Such restrictive covenants may be modified to align with local law. A violation of the restrictive covenants may cause the immediate forfeiture and recoupment of all the amounts payable under the Severance Plan. Amounts payable under the Severance Plan are subject to the Companys Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy and the Companys Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy. 

Amendment and Termination. The Severance Plan can be amended or terminated at any time and for any reason (other than with respect to any participant who has terminated employment and becomes eligible for benefits under the Severance Plan prior to any adverse amendment or termination). 

The foregoing summary of the Severance Plan does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Severance Plan, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Amended and Restated CIC Plan 

The amended and restated CIC Plan continues the existing provisions of such plan and incorporates the following changes: 

Benefits Under the CIC Plan. The CIC Plan contains non-duplication language to reduce benefits under the CIC Plan by the amount of any severance benefits provided for in an individual written agreement or under the Severance Plan that were paid prior to a participant in the CIC Plan becoming eligible for severance benefits under the CIC Plan. 

Restrictive Covenants. The restrictive covenants contained in the CIC Plan may be modified to align with local law. 

The foregoing summary of the CIC Plan does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the CIC Plan, which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits 

10.1 Henry Schein, Inc. Executive Severance Plan 

10.2 Amended and Restated Henry Schein, Inc. Executive Change in Control Plan 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

Date: April 15, 2025 By: 

/s/ Kelly Murphy

Name: Kelly Murphy

Title: Senior Vice President and General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d835579dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

EXHIBT 10.1 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 

EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE 

PLAN

Effective as of April 10, 2025 

1. Introduction. The purpose of the Henry Schein, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (the Plan) is to provide specified
benefits to executive-level employees of Henry Schein, Inc. (HSI or the Company) who are eligible to participate as set forth under the Plan and who are members of a select group of management or highly
compensated employees (as determined in accordance with Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA) in the event their employment is terminated under the circumstances described in the Plan. 

Unless otherwise provided for in Section 2(c) and except with respect to the CIC Plan (as defined herein) or any binding written
agreement with the Company providing for severance benefits, the Plan shall supersede, and any Participant covered by the Plan shall not be eligible to participate in any other severance or termination plan, policy or practice of the Company, or
agreement or arrangement between a Participant and the Company, that could otherwise apply under the circumstances described herein. The Plan is intended to be a top-hat pension benefit plan within
the meaning of U.S. Department of Labor Regulation Section 2520.104-23.

Capitalized terms and phrases used
herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Section 3. 

2. Entitlement to Severance Benefits. 

(a) Cash Severance Benefit. Subject to Section 2(c) of the Plan, in the event that a Participants employment is terminated
or terminates (a Termination) as a result of an Eligible Termination, the Participant shall be entitled to receive the sum of the following amounts, payable in a cash at the times specified below: 

(i) 

to the extent unpaid as of the date of the Termination, an annual incentive compensation award for the plan
year prior to the plan year in which the Termination occurs based on actual achievement of the applicable performance goals for such plan year, which shall be payable at the time at which annual incentive compensation awards are otherwise paid for
the applicable plan year and in no event later than 2-1/2 months following the end of the calendar year in which the Termination occurs; 

(ii) 

a pro rata annual incentive compensation award based on actual achievement of the applicable performance goals
for the plan year in which the Termination occurs and the date of the Participants Termination in such plan year, which shall be payable at the time at which annual incentive compensation awards are otherwise paid for the applicable plan year
and in no event later than 2-1/2 months following the end of the calendar year in which the Termination occurs; 

(iii) 

continued payment of the Participants Base Salary in effect at Termination for a number of weeks based on
the Participants position, as provided pursuant to Exhibit A (the Severance Period), which, subject to Section 16 hereof, shall be payable in equal installments over the Severance Period in accordance with the
Companys regular payroll schedule, commencing on the Companys next regular payroll date following the date on which the revocation period under the Participants Release has ended but in no event earlier than the 60th day following the date of the Participants Termination; and 

(iv) 

an amount equal to the product of (A) the Participants average annual incentive compensation
actually paid over the lesser of (x) the Companys three most recently completed fiscal years and (y) the number of complete fiscal years of the Company during which the Participant was employed, multiplied by (B) a multiple
based on the Participants position, as provided pursuant to Exhibit A, which, subject to Section 16 hereof, shall be payable in equal installments over the Severance Period in accordance with the Companys regular payroll schedule,
commencing on the Companys next regular payroll date following the date on which the revocation period under the Participants Release has ended but in no event earlier than the 60th
day following the date of the Participants Termination. 

(b) Other Severance Benefits. Subject to
Section 2(c) of the Plan, in the event a Participant becomes entitled to the amounts provided for in Section 2(a) hereof, the Participant shall also become entitled to the following: 

(i) 

with respect to equity incentive awards granted to a Participant under the Companys 2024 Stock Incentive
Plan, as applicable and amended from time to time (the LTIP), shall be treated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable award agreement(s) and the LTIP; provided, however, that in the event a Participant is
eligible for Retirement vesting (as defined in the applicable award agreement(s)) or other special vesting provisions, then the Participants unvested equity incentive awards will become vested in accordance with the Retirement or
other special vesting provisions in the LTIP and the applicable award agreement(s); and, provided further, that, after taking into account vesting based on a Participants Termination for Retirement or other such special vesting provisions, if
any, and regardless of whether a Participant is eligible for Retirement vesting on other special vesting provisions, the Participants unvested equity incentive awards shall vest, subject to actual achievement of the applicable performance
goals during the applicable performance period, if applicable, on a pro-rated basis upon the date of the Participants Termination, with such pro-rated vesting to
be calculated by multiplying the number of Shares (as defined in the LTIP) underlying the applicable equity incentive award by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from the date of grant of the applicable equity incentive award
to the date of the Participants Termination, and the denominator of which is the number of days from the date of grant of the applicable equity incentive award to the final vesting date of the applicable equity incentive award;

(ii) 

settlement of all of the Participants deferred compensation arrangements in accordance with any then
applicable deferred compensation plan or election form; 

2 

(iii) 

subject to (A) the Participants timely election of continuation coverage under the Consolidated
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA), and (B) the Participants continued copayment of premiums at the same level and cost to the Participant as if the Participant continued as an employee of the
Company (excluding, for purposes of calculating cost, an employees ability to pay premiums with pre-tax dollars), continued participation in the Companys group health plan (to the extent permitted
under applicable law and the terms of such plan) for a period (not to exceed 18 months) of weeks based on the Participants position, as provided for pursuant to Exhibit A, at the applicable active employee rate which shall be provided by
reimbursement on a monthly basis of (or the Company otherwise bearing) the premium cost under COBRA health continuation in excess of the applicable active-employee rate, provided that the Participant is eligible and remains eligible for COBRA
health continuation coverage; and provided, further, that in the event that the Participant obtains other employment that offers substantially equivalent group health benefits, such continuation of coverage by the Company under this
Section 2(b)(iii) shall immediately cease; and 

(iv) 

outplacement services with a provider of the Companys choice at a level commensurate with the
Participants position for the period of months following the date of Termination equal to the Severance Period. 

(c) Exclusivity of Severance Payments; Release. In the event a Participant becomes entitled to the amounts provided for in this
Section 2, such Participant shall not be entitled to any other severance payments or severance benefits, whether contractual or not, from HSI, or any payments by HSI on account of any claim by the Participant of wrongful termination, including
claims under any federal, state or local human and civil rights or labor laws; provided, however, in the event a Participant becomes entitled to amounts under the Companys Change in Control Plan, as amended from time to time (the CIC
Plan) or any binding individual agreement with the Company providing for severance benefits, all payments and benefits under the Plan shall cease and the amounts payable to such Participant under the CIC Plan or the applicable individual
agreement shall be reduced, but not below zero, by any amounts actually paid or benefits actually provided to such Participant under the Plan. The Termination payments and benefits (other than the obligations specified in Section 2(a)(i) and
Section 2(b)(ii) above) provided under the Plan shall be conditioned upon and subject to the Participant executing a valid general release reasonably satisfactory to HSI, releasing any and all claims arising out of the Participants
employment (other than enforcement of the Participants rights under the Plan), any rights under HSIs incentive compensation and employee benefit plans, and any claim for any non-employment related
tort for personal injury (the Release). The Company shall provide the Release to a Participant within seven business days following the Participants Termination date. In order to receive the payments and benefits provided
under the Plan, a Participant shall be required to sign the Release within 45 days after it is provided to the Participant, and not revoke it within the seven-day period following the date on which it is
signed. 

3 

3. Definitions. For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings
ascribed to them. 

(a) Administrator means the Company, acting through the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors of the Company (the Compensation Committee), or any person(s) to whom the Compensation Committee has delegated any authority or responsibility with respect to the Plan pursuant to Section 6, but only to the extent
of such delegation. 

(b) Base Salary means one weeks salary, exclusive of any bonus pay, incentives, overtime,
car allowances, awards, employee benefits or other additional remuneration of any kind as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. Base Salary shall include any salary reduction contributions to a plan established by the Company or
any subsidiary of the Company under Code Section 401(k), 125 or 132(f), as well as any elective contributions by a Participant to a deferred compensation plan maintained by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company. 

(c) Cause means a Participants commission of fraud or any felony in connection with the Participants duties as
an employee or consultant (as applicable) of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or willful misconduct or any act of disloyalty, dishonesty, fraud or breach of trust or confidentiality as to the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or
the material violation of any policy or code of conduct of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or the commission of any other act which causes or may reasonably be expected to cause economic or reputational injury to the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company. 

(d) Confidential Information shall mean all information concerning the business of HSI
relating to any of their products, product development, trade secrets, customers, suppliers, finances, and business plans and strategies. With respect to each Participant, excluded from the definition of Confidential Information is
information (i) that is or becomes part of the public domain, other than through such Participants violation of Section 4 of the Plan, or (ii) regarding HSIs business or industry properly acquired by such Participant in
the course of the Participants career as an employee in HSIs industry and independent of the Participants employment by HSI. For this purpose, information known or available generally within the trade or industry of HSI shall be
deemed to be known or available to the public. 

(e) Eligible Termination means either (i) a Termination without
Cause by the Company or (ii) if applicable as provided for pursuant to Exhibit A, a Termination by a Participant that is for Good Reason. 

(f) ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

(g) Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following without a Participants consent: (i) a material
diminution of the Participants Base Salary or target annual incentive compensation opportunity (other than a reduction not exceeding 20% that is applied across similarly situated employees of the Company), (ii) a material diminution in the
Participants authority, duties or responsibilities or (iii) a relocation of the Participants primary work location by more than 50 miles from their then-current location and which results in a

4 

material increase in the Participants commute; provided, however, that no Termination by a Participant shall constitute Good Reason unless and until (A) the Participant has given the
Company written notice of the reasons for their potential Termination for Good Reason no more than 30 days following the initial existence of the condition(s) that constitute(s) Good Reason and has given the Company at least 30 days to remedy such
condition(s) (B) the Company has failed to remedy the same and (C) the Participant actually incurs a voluntary Termination within 30 days following the expiration of the remedy period without remedy of the Good Reason by the Company. 

(h) Participant means (x) an employee of the Company who is a member of the Companys Executive Management
Committee (or a successor committee thereof), or (y) an employee of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company who has been specifically designated as eligible to participate in the Plan pursuant to notification in writing from the
Administrator, and, in case of each of (x) or (y), who (i) is a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees, (ii) is not the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary and for the avoidance of doubt, in the event that Participant ceases to be a member of the Companys Executive Management Committee (or a successor committee thereof) for any reason other than due to a Termination, then such person
shall immediately cease to be a Participant under the Plan and shall cease to have any rights under the Plan, unless the Compensation Committee determines otherwise in its sole discretion. 

4. Non-Disclosure; Competitive Activity; Forfeiture and Recoupment. 

(a) During a Participants employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries and at all times thereafter, the Participant shall not,
without HSIs prior written consent disclose to anyone (except in good faith in the ordinary course of business) or make use of any Confidential Information except in the performance of the Participants duties hereunder or when required
to do so by law. In the event that a Participant is so required by law, the Participant shall give prompt written notice to HSI sufficient to allow HSI the opportunity to object to or otherwise resist such order. 

(b) The payment of any amounts under the Plan to a Participant is conditioned on the Participant not engaging in any Competitive Activity (as
defined herein) from the date that is twelve (12) months prior to the date of the Participants Termination through the first anniversary of such date. If, on or after the date that is twelve (12) months prior to the date of the
Participants Termination through the first anniversary of such date, the Participant engages in a Competitive Activity, the Administrator shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to cause the immediate forfeiture of all of the amounts
payable under the Plan in their entirety, in which case the Participant shall have no further rights or interests with respect to any such amounts or the Plan. 

(c) In the event that a Participant engages in a Competitive Activity on or after the date that is twelve (12) months prior to the date
of the Participants Termination through the first anniversary of such date, the Company shall have the right to recoup, in its sole discretion, from the Participant, and the Participant shall repay to the Company, within thirty (30) days
following demand by the Company, a payment equal to the value of any payments received under the Plan 

5 

prior to the demand by the Company; provided, that, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy such payment obligations hereunder either by forfeiting and returning to the Company any
amounts paid or shares of common stock of the Company granted pursuant to equity incentive awards previously granted under the LTIP, or making a cash payment or any combination of these methods, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion.

(d) Each Participant acknowledges and agrees that the forfeiture and recoupment conditions set forth in this Section 4, in view of
the nature of the business in which the Company and its affiliates are engaged, are reasonable in scope and necessary in order to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its affiliates, and that any violation thereof would
result in irreparable harm to the Company and its affiliates. Each Participant also acknowledges and agrees that (i) it is a material inducement and condition to the Companys payment of any amounts under the Plan that such Participant
agrees to be bound by such forfeiture and recoupment conditions and, further, that the amounts required to be forfeited or repaid to the Company pursuant to forfeiture and recoupment conditions set forth in this Section 4 are reasonable, and
(ii) nothing in the Plan is intended to preclude the Company (or any affiliate thereof) from seeking any remedies available at law, in equity, under contract to the Company or otherwise, and the Company (or any affiliate thereof) shall have the
right to seek any such remedy with respect to any amounts payable under the Plan. 

(e) For purposes of the Plan, a Participant will be
deemed to engage in a Competitive Activity if, either directly or indirectly, without the express prior written consent of the Company, the Participant (i) takes other employment with, renders services to, or otherwise
engages in any business activities with, companies or other entities that are competitors of the Company or any of its affiliates, (ii) solicits or induces, or in any manner attempts to solicit or induce, any person employed by or otherwise
providing services to the Company or any of its affiliates, to terminate such persons employment or service relationship, as the case may be, with the Company or any of its affiliates, (iii) diverts, or attempts to divert, any person or
entity from doing business with the Company or any of its affiliates or induces, or attempts to induce, any such person or entity from ceasing to be a customer or other business partner of the Company or any of its affiliates, (iv) violates any
agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its affiliates relating to the non-disclosure of proprietary or confidential information of the Company or any of its affiliates, and/or
(v) conducts himself or herself in a manner adversely affecting the Company or any of its affiliates, including, without limitation, making false, misleading or negative statements, either orally or in writing, about the Company or any of its
affiliates. The determination as to whether the Participant has engaged in a Competitive Activity shall be made (A) if the Participant is an executive officer of the Company, by the Administrator in its sole discretion or (B) if the
Participant is not an executive officer of the Company, by the Company in its sole discretion. 

(f) Nothing in the Plan shall be construed
(i) to prohibit or is intended to restrict or impede a Participant from discussing the terms and conditions of the Participants employment with coworkers or exercising protected rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations
Act or (ii) to prohibit a Participant from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or making other disclosures that are protected under whistleblower or other provisions of any applicable federal or state law or regulations;
further, nothing herein prevents a Participant from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or 

6 

discrimination or any other conduct that a Participant has reason to believe is unlawful. In addition, each Participant is hereby advised as follows pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act: An
individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (A) is made (I) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either
directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (II) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing
is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court
proceeding, if the individual (1) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (2) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent applicable to a Participant, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that
the amounts payable under the Plan shall be subject to, and the Participant agrees to abide by, the terms and conditions of (i) the Companys Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy, (ii) the Companys Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy
and (iii) any other clawback and/or recoupment policy approved by the Companys Board of Directors (or any committee thereof) from time to time, in each case, as amended from time to time and to the extent set forth in each
applicable policy. To the extent that a Participant is subject to the terms and conditions of any of the foregoing Company clawback policies, the Participant shall have signed or shall sign each applicable clawback policy acknowledgement provided by
the Company prior to the Participants Termination; provided, that the Participants failure to sign such acknowledgement shall have no impact on the applicability or enforceability of such Company clawback policy. 

(h) The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, adopt country-specific and state-specific terms and conditions that govern the
interpretation of this Section 4 that are in no event more restrictive on a Participant than this Section 4 and such additional country-specific terms and conditions for such country or the additional state-specific terms and conditions
for such state, if any, will apply to a Participant to the extent that the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. 

5. Claims Procedure; Resolution of Disputes. Any claim by a Participant with respect to the Plan, including without limitation
eligibility, participation, contributions, benefits or other aspects of the operation of the Plan shall be first made in writing to a person designated by the Administrator from time to time for such purpose. If the designated person receiving a
claim believes that the claim should be denied, he or she shall notify the Participant in writing of the denial of the claim within ninety (90) days after his or her receipt thereof. This period may be extended an additional ninety
(90) days in special circumstances and, in such event, the Participant shall be notified in writing of the extension, the special circumstances requiring the extension of time and the date by which the Administrator expects to make a
determination with respect to the claim. If the extension is required due to the Participants failure to submit information necessary to decide the claim, the period for making the determination will be tolled from the date on which the
extension notice is sent until the date on which the Participant responds to the Plans request for information. 

7 

If a claim is denied in whole or in part, or any adverse benefit determination is made with
respect to the claim, the Participant will be provided with a written notice setting forth (a) the specific reason or reasons for the denial making reference to the pertinent provisions of the Plan or of Plan documents on which the denial is
based, (b) a description of any additional material or information necessary to perfect or evaluate the claim, and an explanation of why such material or information, if any, is necessary, and (c) notice that the Participant has the right
to request review of the decision. The notice shall also provide an explanation of the Plans claims review procedure and the time limits applicable to such procedure, as well as a statement of the Participants right to bring a civil
action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review. If a Participant is not notified (of the denial or an extension) within ninety (90) days from the date the Participant notifies the Plans
Administrator, the Participant may request a review of the application as if the claim had been denied. 

A Participant may appeal the
denial of a claim by submitting a written request for review to the Administrator within sixty (60) days after written notification of denial is received. Receipt of such denial shall be deemed to have occurred if the notice of denial is sent
via first class mail to the Participants last shown address on the books of the Company. Such period may be extended by the Administrator for good cause shown. The claim will then be reviewed by the Administrator. In connection with this
appeal, the Participant (or his or her duly authorized representative) may (i) be provided, upon written request and free of charge, with reasonable access to (and copies of) all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claim,
and (ii) submit to the Administrator written comments, documents, records, and other information related to the claim. If the Administrator deems it appropriate, it may hold a hearing as to a claim. If a hearing is held, the Participant shall
be entitled to be represented by counsel. 

The review by the Administrator will take into account all comments, documents, records, and
other information the Participant submits relating to the claim. The Administrator will make a final written decision on a claim review, in most cases within sixty (60) days after receipt of a request for a review. In some cases, the claim may
take more time to review, and an additional processing period of up to sixty (60) days may be required. If that happens, the Participant will receive a written notice of that fact, which will also indicate the special circumstances requiring
the extension of time and the date by which the Administrator expects to make a determination with respect to the claim. If the extension is required due to the Participants failure to submit information necessary to decide the claim, the
period for making the determination will be tolled from the date on which the extension notice is sent to the Participant until the date on which the Participant responds to the Plans request for information. 

The Administrators decision on the claim for review will be communicated to the Participant in writing. If an adverse benefit
determination is made with respect to the claim, the notice will include: (1) the specific reason(s) for any adverse benefit determination, with references to the specific Plan provisions on which the determination is based; (2) a
statement that the Participant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to (and copies of) all documents, records and other information relevant to the claim; and (3) a statement of the Participants right
to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. A Participant may not start an arbitration proceeding to obtain benefits until after he or she has requested a review and a final decision has been reached on review, or until the
appropriate timeframe described above has elapsed since the Participant filed a request for review and the Participant has not received a final decision or notice that an extension will be necessary to reach a final decision. These procedures must
be exhausted before a Participant (or any beneficiary) demands arbitration seeking payment of benefits, as set forth below. 

8 

After a Participant has exhausted the administrative remedies set forth in this
Section 5, all further claims with respect to the Plan, including without limitation eligibility, participation, contributions, benefits or other aspects of the operation of the Plan, shall be resolved by binding arbitration, to be held at an
office closest to HSIs principal offices in accordance with the rules and procedures of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Pending
the resolution of any arbitration or court proceeding, HSI shall continue payment of all amounts and benefits due to a Participant hereunder. All reasonable costs and expenses of any arbitration or court proceeding (including fees and disbursements
of counsel) shall be promptly paid on the Participants behalf by HSI; provided, however, that no such expense reimbursement shall be made if and to the extent the arbitrator(s) determine(s) that any of the Participants dispute assertions
or defenses were in bad faith or frivolous In addition, no action may be started more than two years after the date on which the applicable appeal was denied. If there is no decision on appeal, no action may be started more than two years after the
time when the Administrator should have decided the appeal. 

6. Administration of the Plan. 

(a) Duties of the Administrator. In accordance with Section 3(a), the Plan shall be administered by the Administrator. The
Administrator shall have full discretionary authority to interpret the Plan and to decide any questions and settle all controversies and disputes that may arise in connection with the Plan; to determine which individuals are and are not Participants
to and designate which portions of Exhibit A apply to each individual; establish, amend, and rescind rules for carrying out the Plan; to administer the Plan, subject to its provisions; to prescribe the form or forms of any instruments required under
the Plan (which need not be uniform) and to change such forms from time to time; and to make all other determinations and to take all such steps in connection with the Plan as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or desirable;
provided, that all such determinations shall be in accordance with the express provisions, if any, contained in the Plan. The Administrator shall not be bound to any standards of uniformity or similarity of action, interpretation or conduct in the
discharge of its duties hereunder, regardless of the apparent similarity of the matters coming before it. The determination, action or conclusion of the Administrator in connection with the foregoing shall be final, binding and conclusive. The
Administrator shall also have authority to delegate its responsibilities hereunder (to the extent permitted by applicable law); provided, however, that any Plan amendment or termination or any other action that reasonably could be expected to
increase materially the cost of the Plan must be approved by the Compensation Committee. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any agreement relating
thereto in the manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary to effectuate the purpose and intent of the Plan. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, adopt special guidelines and provisions for persons who are residing in or employed in,
or subject to, the taxes of, any domestic or foreign jurisdictions to comply with the applicable laws of such domestic or foreign jurisdictions including, without limitation, laws relating to restrictive covenants. 

9 

(b) Indemnification. No officer, member or former member of the Administrator shall
be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company and to the
extent not covered by insurance, each officer, member or former member of the Administrator shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against any cost or expense (including reasonable fees of counsel reasonably acceptable to the Company)
or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the approval of the Company), and advanced amounts necessary to pay the foregoing at the earliest time and to the fullest extent permitted, arising out of any act or omission to act
in connection with the Plan, except to the extent arising out of such officers, members or former members own fraud or bad faith. Such indemnification shall be in addition to any rights of indemnification the officers, members or
former members may have as directors under applicable law or under the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

7. Amendment and Termination. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate, in whole or in part, any or all of the provisions
of the Plan by action of the Compensation Committee or the Companys Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) at any time and for any reason, with or without notice, provided that any such amendment or termination that would
materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant who has experienced an Eligible Termination prior to the date of such amendment or termination, as applicable, shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected
Participant. 

8. Effect of Plan on Other Benefits. Except as specifically provided in the Plan, the existence of the Plan shall not
be interpreted to prohibit or restrict a Participants participation in any other employee benefit or other plans or programs in which the Participant may participate from time to time. 

9. Not an Employment Agreement; Rights Forfeitable. The Plan is not a contract of employment between any Participant and HSI. HSI may
terminate a Participants employment at any time, subject to the terms hereof or any other agreement that might exist between a Participant and HSI. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and for the avoidance of doubt, in the event
that Participant ceases to be a member of the Companys Executive Management Committee (or a successor committee thereof) for any reason other than due to a Termination, then such person shall immediately cease to be a Participant under the
Plan and shall cease to have any rights under the Plan, unless the Compensation Committee determines otherwise in its sole discretion. 

10. Assignability; Binding Nature. For purposes of the Plan, the Company may include any and all successors or assignees, whether
direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all or substantially all the business or assets of the Company, and such successors and assignees shall perform the Companys obligations under the Plan, in the same manner
and to the same extent that the Company, would be required to perform if no such succession or assignment had taken place. Any such successor and/or assignee shall be required to expressly assume, in writing, the terms and obligations of the Plan.
In the event the surviving entity in any transaction to which the Company is a party is a subsidiary of another entity, then the ultimate parent entity of such surviving entity shall cause the surviving entity to perform the

10 

Plan in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession or assignment had taken place. In such event, the term
Company as used in the Plan, means the Company, as hereinbefore defined and any successor or assignee (including the ultimate parent entity) to the business or assets of the Company, which by reason hereof becomes bound by the
terms and provisions of the Plan. 

11. Governing Law/Jurisdiction. To the extent legally required, the Code and ERISA shall govern
the Plan and, if any provision hereof is in violation of any applicable requirement thereof, the Company reserves the right to retroactively amend the Plan to comply therewith. To the extent not governed by the Code and ERISA the Plan shall be
governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of New York without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 

12. Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions, subsections, or sentences contained in the Plan shall, for any reason, be
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision
had never been contained herein. Moreover, if any one or more of the provisions contained in the Plan shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed by
limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear. 

13.
Withholding. The Company shall have the right to make such provisions as it deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any obligations it may have to withhold federal, state or local income or other taxes incurred by reason of payments
pursuant to the Plan. In lieu thereof, the Company shall have the right to withhold the amounts of such taxes from any other sums due or to become due from the Company to the Participant upon such terms and conditions as the Administrator may
prescribe. 

14. Minors and Incompetents. If the Administrator shall find that any person to whom Payments are payable under the
Plan is unable to care for his or her affairs because of illness or accident, or is a minor, any Payments due (unless a prior claim therefore shall have been made by a duly appointed guardian, committee or other legal representative) shall be paid
to the spouse, child, parent, or brother or sister, or to any person deemed by the Administrator to have incurred expense for such person otherwise entitled to the Payments, in such manner and proportions as the Administrator may determine in its
sole discretion. Any such Payments shall be a complete discharge of the liabilities of the Company, the Administrator, and the Companys Board of Directors under the Plan. If a Participant dies or becomes permanently disabled prior to payment
of all Payments due to such Participant, any and all unpaid amounts shall be paid to the Participants heir(s), executor or estate. 

15. Non-Alienation of Benefits. The Payments payable under the Plan shall not be subject to
alienation, transfer, assignment, garnishment, execution or levy of any kind, and any attempt to cause any Payments to be so subjected shall not be recognized. 

11 

16. Code Section 409A. It is intended that the provisions of the
Plan comply with Code Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively Code Section 409A), and all provisions of the Plan (or of any award of compensation,
including equity compensation or benefits) shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no liability with regard
to any failure to comply with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary (other than the immediately following sentence), if the aggregate of all amounts payable to a Participant under the Plan (when combined with
similar amounts payable to such Participant under any other agreements, methods, programs, or other arrangements with respect to which deferrals of compensation are treated with the Plan as having been deferred under a single nonqualified deferred
compensation plan under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(c)(2)) exceeds the lesser of two times (i) the Participants annual rate of pay for the year prior to the year of his or her
employment termination, or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified pension plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year of his or her employment termination, (A) the payment of such
amounts to the Participant that exceeds the above limit shall be commence within 30 days following the six month anniversary of his or her employment termination (and the first payment of which shall include an amount equal to the cumulative amount
that would have otherwise been payable to the Participant during such 6-month period) or, if earlier, his or her death, (B) a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of
any provision of the Plan providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits, which are subject to Code Section 409A, upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within
the meaning of Code Section 409A (and the guidance issued thereunder) and, for purposes of any such provision of the Plan, references to a resignation, termination, termination of employment,
retirement or like terms shall mean separation from service, and (C) if any other payments due to the Participant hereunder could cause application of an accelerated or additional tax under Code Section 409A, such payments
shall be deferred if deferral will make such payment compliant under Code Section 409A, or otherwise such payment shall be restructured, to the extent possible, in a manner, determined by the Administrator, that does not cause such an
accelerated or additional tax. The foregoing sentence shall not be applicable if all amounts to be paid under the Plan to a Participant are otherwise fully exempt from the provisions of Code Section 409A. For purposes of Code Section 409A,
the Participants right to receive any installment payments pursuant to the Plan shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under the Plan specifies a payment period with reference to a
number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company. For purposes
of Code Section 409A, any expenses eligible for reimbursement in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year, the reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be made no later than the end
of the calendar year after the calendar year in which such expense was incurred and the right to reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 

17. Headings and Captions. The headings and captions herein are provided for reference and convenience only. They shall not be
considered part of the Plan and shall not be employed in the construction of the Plan. 

18. Electronic Communication and
Administration. Unless prohibited by applicable law, all announcements, notices and other communications regarding the Plan may be made by the Company by electronic means as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 

12 

19. Not Part of Compensation Package and No Acquired Rights. The Payments payable
hereunder are provided solely as a payment for involuntary termination under the circumstances described herein (i.e., an Eligible Termination) and shall not constitute part of a Participants employment compensation package. The Payments under
the Plan are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination pay, redundancy, end of service payments, long-service awards, bonus, incentive pay, pension, or retirement benefits or
similar payments and does not create any acquired rights. 

20. Personal Information. By participating in the Plan, each Participant
hereunder shall consent to the holding and processing of personal information provided by such Participant to the Company, any affiliate of the Company, trustee or third-party service provider, for all purposes relating to the operation of the Plan
and to the extent necessary for such operation. These include, but are not limited to: (i) administering and maintaining Participant records; (ii) providing information to the Company, its affiliates, trustees of any employee benefit
trust, registrars, brokers or third-party administrators of the Plan; (iii) providing information to future purchasers or merger partners of the Company or any of its affiliates, or the business in which the Participant works; and (iv) to
the extent not prohibited by applicable law, transferring information about the Participant to any country or territory that may not provide the same protection for the information as the Participants home country. 

* * * 

13 

EXHIBIT A 

Base Salary Continuation and Annual Incentive Payment (Section 2(a)(iii) and Section 2(a)(iv)) 

Position 

Weeks of Base Salary

Continuation 

Multiple of Average

Annual Incentive

Actually
Paid

Executive Management Committee Member (Non-Executive Officer) 52 1

Executive Officer 78 1.5

COBRA Continuation Period (Section 2(b)(iii)) 

Position 

Weeks of COBRA

Continuation

Executive Management Committee Member (Non-Executive Officer) 52

Executive Officer 78

Eligible Termination (Section 3) 

Position 

Eligible Termination

Components

Executive Management Committee Member (Non-Executive Officer) Without Cause

Executive Officer 

Without Cause or for

Good Reason

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d835579dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 

EXECUTIVE CHANGE IN CONTROL 

PLAN 

As Amended and
Restated Effective as of April 10, 2025 

1. Introduction. The purpose of the Henry Schein, Inc. Executive Change in
Control Plan, as amended and restated effective as of April 10, 2025 (the Plan), is to provide assurances of specified benefits to executive-level employees of Henry Schein, Inc. (HSI or the
Company) who are eligible to participate as set forth under the Plan and who are members of a select group of management or highly compensated employees (as determined in accordance with Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of
ERISA) in the event their employment is terminated under the circumstances described in the Plan. 

Unless otherwise provided for in
Section 2(g) and except with respect to the Severance Plan (as defined herein) or agreed to in writing between the Company and a Participant on or after the date hereof, the Plan shall supersede, and Participant covered by the Plan shall not be
eligible to participate in any other severance or termination plan, policy or practice of the Company, or agreement or arrangement between a Participant and the Company, that could otherwise apply under the circumstances described herein. The Plan
is intended to be a top-hat pension benefit plan within the meaning of U.S. Department of Labor Regulation Section 2520.104-23.

Capitalized terms and phrases used herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Section 3. 

2. Entitlement to Severance Benefits. 

(a) Cash Severance Benefit. Subject to Section 2(g) of the Plan, in the event that a Participants employment is terminated
or terminates (a Termination) by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason, in either case within two years following a Change in Control, the Participant shall be entitled to receive the sum of the following
amounts, payable in a cash at the times specified below: (i) Base Salary through the Termination date, which shall be paid no later than 15 days after the Termination date; (ii) a pro rata annual incentive compensation award based on
actual achievement of the specified goals for the plan year in which the Termination occurs, which shall be paid in the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which the Termination date occurs; and (iii) an amount equal to the
product of (x) the applicable Severance Multiple, and (y) the sum of the Participants Base Salary plus the Participants target annual cash bonus which will be paid on the first business day immediately following the six-month anniversary of the Termination date. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Participants employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good
Reason, in either case (x) within 90 days prior to the effective date of a Change in Control, or (y) after the first public announcement of the pendency of the Change in Control, such termination shall, upon the effective date of a Change
in Control, be deemed to be a Termination covered under the preceding sentence of this Section 2(a), and the Participant shall be entitled to the amounts provided for under the preceding sentence. 

(b) Other Severance Benefits. Subject to Section 2(g) of the Plan, in the event
a Participant becomes entitled to the amounts provided for in Section 2(a) hereof, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any stock option or restricted stock/unit agreement, the Participant shall also become entitled to the
following: (i) immediate vesting of all the Participants outstanding stock options to the fullest extent permitted under the applicable stock option plan; (ii) elimination of all restrictions on any of the Participants
restricted stock/unit or deferred stock awards outstanding at the time of Termination; (iii) immediate vesting of all of the Participants restricted stock/unit or deferred stock awards and
non-qualified retirement benefits; (iv) settlement of all of the Participants deferred compensation arrangements in accordance with any then applicable deferred compensation plan or election form;
and (v) subject to (A) the Participants timely election of continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA), and (B) the Participants continued
copayment of premiums at the same level and cost to the Participant as if the Participant continued as an employee of the Company (excluding, for purposes of calculating cost, an employees ability to pay premiums with pre-tax dollars), continued participation in the Companys group health plan (to the extent permitted under applicable law and the terms of such plan) for a period (not to exceed 18 months) equal to the product
of (x) 12 months and (y) the Severance Multiple, at the applicable active employee rate which shall be provided by reimbursement on a monthly basis of (or the Company otherwise bearing) the premium cost under COBRA health continuation in excess
of the applicable active employee rate, provided that the Participant is eligible and remains eligible for COBRA health continuation coverage; and provided, further, that in the event that the Participant obtains other
employment that offers substantially equivalent group health benefits, such continuation of coverage by the Company under this Section 2(b) shall immediately cease. 

(c) In the event that a Participant becomes entitled to payments under this Section 2 or any other amounts (whether pursuant to the terms
of the Plan or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company (collectively the Payments), all or a portion of which become subject to tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code) (or any other similar tax, but excluding any income tax of any nature) (Excise Tax), then the Payments shall be either (A) delivered in full or (B) delivered as to such lesser extent, as
would result in no portion of such amounts being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing results in the receipt by the Participant on a net after-tax basis of the greatest amount, notwithstanding
that all or some of the amounts may be taxable under Code Section 4999. If a reduction is to occur pursuant to clause (B) of the prior sentence, unless an alternative election is permitted by, and does not result in taxation under, Code
Section 409A and timely elected by the Participant, the Payments shall be cutback to an amount that would not give rise to any Excise Tax by reducing payments and benefits in the following order: (1) accelerated vesting of restricted
stock/unit awards, to the extent applicable; (2) accelerated vesting of stock options, to the extent applicable; (3) payments under Section 2(a)(iii) hereof; and (4) continued health insurance under Section 2(b)(v) hereof.

(d) For purposes of determining whether any of the Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax,
(i) the Payments shall be treated as parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, and all parachute payments in excess of the base amount (as defined under
Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax, unless and except to the extent that, in the written opinion (at the substantial authority level) of the Companys independent certified public accountants
appointed prior to any change in ownership (as defined under Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) or tax counsel selected by such accountants (the Accountants) such Payments (in whole or in part) either do not constitute
parachute payments, 

2 

represent reasonable compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4) of the Code in excess of the base amount or are otherwise not subject to
the Excise Tax, and (ii) the value of any non-cash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the Accountants in accordance with the principles of Section 280G of the Code.

(e) For purposes of determining whether clause (A) or clause (B) of Section 2(c) applies to the amount of the Payments,
the Participants actual marginal rate of federal income taxation in the calendar year in which the Payments are to be paid shall be used and the actual marginal rate of taxation in the state and locality of the Participants residence for
the calendar year in which the Payments are to be made shall be used, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes if paid in such year, after taking into account the
limitation on the deductibility of itemized deductions, including such state and local taxes under Section 68 of the Code. 

(f) No
Mitigation; No Offset. In the event of any Termination, the Participant shall be under no obligation to seek other employment and no amounts due to a Participant under the Plan shall be subject to offset due to any remuneration attributable to
subsequent employment that a Participant may obtain. 

(g) Exclusivity of Severance Payments; Release. In the event a Participant
becomes entitled to the amounts provided for in this Section 2, such Participant shall not be entitled to any other severance payments or severance benefits, whether contractual or not, from HSI, or any payments by HSI on account of any claim
by the Participant of wrongful termination, including claims under any federal, state or local human and civil rights or labor laws; provided, however, in the event a Participant became entitled to amounts under the Companys Executive
Severance Plan, as amended from time to time (the Severance Plan) or any binding individual agreement with the Company providing for severance benefits, all payments and benefits under the Severance Plan or applicable binding
individual agreement shall cease and the amounts payable to such Participant under the Plan shall be reduced, but not below zero, by any amounts actually paid or benefits actually provided to such Participant under the Severance Plan or applicable
binding individual agreement. The Termination payments and benefits (other than the obligations specified in Section 2(a)(i) and (ii) above) provided under the Plan shall be conditioned upon and subject to the Participant executing a valid
general release reasonably satisfactory to HSI, releasing any and all claims arising out of the Participants employment (other than enforcement of the Participants rights under the Plan), any rights under HSIs incentive
compensation and employee benefit plans, and any claim for any non-employment related tort for personal injury (the Release). The Company shall provide the Release to a Participant within
seven business days following the Participants Termination date. In order to receive the payments and benefits provided under the Plan, a Participant shall be required to sign the Release within 45 days after it is provided to the Participant,
and not revoke it within the seven-day period following the date on which it is signed. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this
Section 2(e), except to the extent any such payments and benefits are subject to a six-month delay as required by Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder
(collectively Code Section 409A), shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum on the first Company payroll date on or following the 60th day after the
Termination date, and any remaining payments or benefits due under the Plan shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. 

3 

3. Definitions. For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings
ascribed to them. 

(a) Administrator means the Company, acting through the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors of the Company (the Compensation Committee), or any person(s) to whom the Compensation Committee has delegated any authority or responsibility with respect to the Plan pursuant to Section 6, but only to the extent
of such delegation. 

(b) Base Salary means the annualized rate of pay in effect on the Termination date, provided that
if a reduction in Base Salary is the basis for a Termination for Good Reason, then Base Salary shall mean the rate of pay in effect immediately prior to such reduction. As used herein, the term Base Salary includes, without
limitation, the annualized rate of any automobile allowance in effect on the date of Termination, the amount, as applicable, of the Companys matching 401(k) contribution and/or supplemental employment retirement plan contribution for the full
year preceding the date of the Change in Control, and any salary reduction contributions to a plan established by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company under Code Section 401(k), 125 or 132(f), as well as any elective contributions by a
Participant to a deferred compensation plan maintained by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company. 

(c) Cause
shall exist if: (i) the Participant is convicted of, or pleads nolo contendere to, any felony which materially and adversely impacts HSIs financial condition or reputation; (ii) the Participant engages in conduct that constitutes
willful gross neglect or willful gross misconduct in carrying out the Participants duties which materially and adversely impacts HSIs financial condition or reputation; or (iii) the Participant violates Section 4 of the Plan.

(d) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon any of the following: (i) acquisition of beneficial
ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act)) by any one person (as such term is defined in
Section 3(a)(9) of the Act) or by any two or more persons deemed to be one person (as used in Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Act) (each referred to as a Person) excluding HSI, any subsidiary of HSI and any
employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by HSI or any subsidiary of HSI (including any trustee of any such plan acting in his or its capacity as trustee), of 33% or more of the combined total voting power of the then-outstanding voting
securities of HSI (the Outstanding Voting Securities) without the prior express approval of the Companys Board of Directors; (ii) acquisition of beneficial ownership by any Person excluding HSI, any
subsidiary of HSI and any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by HSI or any subsidiary of HSI (including any trustee of any such plan acting in his or its capacity as trustee), of more than 50% of the combined total voting power of the
then Outstanding Voting Securities; (iii) directors elected to the Companys Board of Directors over any 24-month period (except in the case of a Change in Control referred to in Section 2(a)(x)
or (y), a twelve-month period) not nominated by HSIs Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee (or a committee of the Companys Board of Directors performing functions substantially similar to such committee) represent 30%
(except in the case of a Change in Control referred to in Section 2(a)(x) or (y), a majority) or more of the total number of directors constituting the Companys Board of Directors at the beginning of the period, (or such nomination
results from an actual or threatened proxy contest); (iv) any merger, consolidation or other corporate combination of HSI (a Transaction), other than (x) a Transaction involving only HSI and one or more of its subsidiaries,
or (y) a Transaction immediately following which the stockholders of HSI immediately prior to the Transaction continue to be the 

4 

beneficial owners of securities of the resulting entity representing more than 50% of the voting power in the resulting entity, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of
Outstanding Voting Securities immediately prior to the Transaction; and (v) upon the sale of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of HSI, other than (x) a distribution to stockholders, or (y) a sale immediately
following which the stockholders of HSI immediately prior to the sale are the beneficial owners of securities of the purchasing entity representing more than 50% of the voting power in the purchasing entity, in substantially the same proportions as
their ownership of Outstanding Voting Securities immediately prior to the Transaction. 

Solely for purposes of Section 2(a)(x) and (y), no Change in
Control shall be deemed to have occurred unless the circumstances of such Change in Control would be treated as having resulted in the occurrence of a change in control event as such term is defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(i).

(e) Confidential Information shall mean all
information concerning the business of HSI relating to any of their products, product development, trade secrets, customers, suppliers, finances, and business plans and strategies. With respect to each Participant, excluded from the definition of
Confidential Information is information (i) that is or becomes part of the public domain, other than through such Participants violation of Section 4 of the Plan, or (ii) regarding HSIs business or industry
properly acquired by such Participant in the course of the Participants career as an employee in HSIs industry and independent of the Participants employment by HSI. For this purpose, information known or available generally within
the trade or industry of HSI shall be deemed to be known or available to the public. 

(f) ERISA means the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

(g) Good Reason shall mean a Participants termination of his
or her employment based upon one or more of the following events (except as a result of a prior termination): (i) any change in a Participants position or responsibilities or assignment of duties materially inconsistent with the
Participants status prior to the Change in Control; (ii) following a business combination related to a Change in Control, a failure to offer the Participant a position in the combined business entity, having authority equivalent in scope
to the authority in the position held by the Participant in the Company immediately prior to such business combination; (iii) any decrease in the Participants Base Salary, target annual incentive or long- term incentive opportunity;
(iv) any breach of the terms of the Plan by HSI after receipt of written notice from the Participant and a reasonable opportunity to cure such breach; (v) HSIs failure to obtain any successor entitys assumption of its
obligations to the Participant hereunder; or (vi) the Company requiring the Participant to perform services as an employee on an ongoing basis at a location more than 75 miles distant from the location at which the Participant performs services
as of the date immediately prior to the Change in Control. 

(h) Participant means (x) an employee of the Company
who is a member of the Companys Executive Management Committee (or a successor committee thereof), or (y) an employee of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company who has been specifically designated as eligible to participate in the
Plan pursuant to notification in writing from the Administrator, and, in case of each of (x) or (y), who (i) is a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees and (ii) has timely and properly executed and
delivered a Participation Agreement to the Company. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and for the avoidance of doubt, in the event that 

5 

Participant ceases to be a member of the Companys Executive Management Committee (or a successor committee thereof) for any reason other than due to (i) a Termination, or (ii) any
change in title that would entitle a Participant to resign with Good Reason hereunder, then such person shall immediately cease to be a Participant under the Plan and shall cease to have any rights under the Plan or the Participation Agreement,
unless the Compensation Committee determines otherwise in its sole discretion. 

(i) Participation Agreement means the
individual agreement (a form of which is shown in Appendix A) provided by the Administrator to a Participant under the Plan, which has been signed and accepted by the employee. 

(j) Severance Multiple shall mean, such value as the Compensation Committee shall determine in its sole and absolute
discretion, provided that in the exercise of such discretion the Compensation Committee shall be under no obligation to treat two similarly-situated Participants in the same or similar manner, and provided further, that the Severance Multiple shall
in no event exceed 3.0. In the event that the Compensation Committee determines the value of Severance Multiple based on a Participants title, in the event of a Participants change in title, such Participant shall immediately become
entitled to the applicable Severance Multiple set by the Compensation Committee without any further actions on behalf of the Company, the Administrator, or the Participant. 

4. Non-Disclosure;Non-Solicitation;Non-Disparagement. 

(a) During a Participants employment with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries and at all times thereafter, the Participant shall not, without HSIs prior written consent disclose to anyone (except in good faith in the ordinary course of business) or make use of any Confidential Information except in the
performance of the Participants duties hereunder or when required to do so by law. In the event that a Participant is so required by law, the Participant shall give prompt written notice to HSI sufficient to allow HSI the opportunity to object
to or otherwise resist such order. 

(b) During a Participants employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries and for a
period of 24 months thereafter, the Participant shall not, without HSIs prior written consent, solicit for employment, whether directly or indirectly, any person who (i) at the time is employed by HSI or any affiliate, or (ii) was
employed by HSI or any affiliate within three months prior to such solicitation. 

(c) The Participant agrees that, during the
Participants employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries and thereafter (including following any Termination for any reason) the Participant will not make statements or representations, or otherwise communicate, directly or
indirectly, in writing, orally, or otherwise, or take any action which may, directly or indirectly, disparage or be damaging to HSI or its respective officers, directors, employees, advisors, businesses or reputations. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing in the Plan shall preclude a Participant from making truthful statements or disclosures that are required by applicable law, regulation or legal process. 

(d) The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, adopt country-specific and state-specific terms and conditions that govern the
interpretation of this Section 4 that are in no event more restrictive on a Participant than this Section 4 and such additional country-specific terms and conditions for such country or the additional state-specific terms and conditions
for such state, if any, will apply to a Participant to the extent that the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. 

6 

5. Claims Procedure; Resolution of Disputes. Any claim by a Participant with respect
to the Plan, including without limitation eligibility, participation, contributions, benefits or other aspects of the operation of the Plan shall be first made in writing to a person designated by the Administrator from time to time for such
purpose. If the designated person receiving a claim believes that the claim should be denied, he or she shall notify the Participant in writing of the denial of the claim within ninety (90) days after his or her receipt thereof. This period may
be extended an additional ninety (90) days in special circumstances and, in such event, the Participant shall be notified in writing of the extension, the special circumstances requiring the extension of time and the date by which the
Administrator expects to make a determination with respect to the claim. If the extension is required due to the Participants failure to submit information necessary to decide the claim, the period for making the determination will be tolled
from the date on which the extension notice is sent until the date on which the Participant responds to the Plans request for information. 

If a claim is denied in whole or in part, or any adverse benefit determination is made with respect to the claim, the Participant will be
provided with a written notice setting forth (a) the specific reason or reasons for the denial making reference to the pertinent provisions of the Plan or of Plan documents on which the denial is based, (b) a description of any additional
material or information necessary to perfect or evaluate the claim, and an explanation of why such material or information, if any, is necessary, and (c) notice that the Participant has the right to request review of the decision. The notice
shall also provide an explanation of the Plans claims review procedure and the time limits applicable to such procedure, as well as a statement of the Participants right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA
following an adverse benefit determination on review. If a Participant is not notified (of the denial or an extension) within ninety (90) days from the date the Participant notifies the Plans Administrator, the Participant may request a
review of the application as if the claim had been denied. 

A Participant may appeal the denial of a claim by submitting a written request
for review to the Administrator within sixty (60) days after written notification of denial is received. Receipt of such denial shall be deemed to have occurred if the notice of denial is sent via first class mail to the Participants last
shown address on the books of the Company. Such period may be extended by the Administrator for good cause shown. The claim will then be reviewed by the Administrator. In connection with this appeal, the Participant (or his or her duly authorized
representative) may (i) be provided, upon written request and free of charge, with reasonable access to (and copies of) all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claim, and (ii) submit to the Administrator written
comments, documents, records, and other information related to the claim. If the Administrator deems it appropriate, it may hold a hearing as to a claim. If a hearing is held, the Participant shall be entitled to be represented by counsel. 

The review by the Administrator will take into account all comments, documents, records, and other information the Participant submits
relating to the claim. The Administrator will make a final written decision on a claim review, in most cases within sixty (60) days after receipt of a request for a review. In some cases, the claim may take more time to review, and an
additional processing period of up to sixty (60) days may be required. If that happens, the Participant will receive a written notice of that fact, which will also indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension of time and the date
by which the Administrator expects to make a determination with respect to the claim. If the extension 

7 

is required due to the Participants failure to submit information necessary to decide the claim, the period for making the determination will be tolled from the date on which the extension
notice is sent to the Participant until the date on which the Participant responds to the Plans request for information. 

The
Administrators decision on the claim for review will be communicated to the Participant in writing. If an adverse benefit determination is made with respect to the claim, the notice will include: (1) the specific reason(s) for any adverse
benefit determination, with references to the specific Plan provisions on which the determination is based; (2) a statement that the Participant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to (and copies of) all
documents, records and other information relevant to the claim; and (3) a statement of the Participants right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. A Participant may not start an arbitration proceeding to obtain
benefits until after he or she has requested a review and a final decision has been reached on review, or until the appropriate timeframe described above has elapsed since the Participant filed a request for review and the Participant has not
received a final decision or notice that an extension will be necessary to reach a final decision. These procedures must be exhausted before a Participant (or any beneficiary) demands arbitration seeking payment of benefits, as set forth below. 

After a Participant has exhausted the administrative remedies set forth in this Section 5, all further claims with respect to the Plan,
including without limitation eligibility, participation, contributions, benefits or other aspects of the operation of the Plan, shall be resolved by binding arbitration, to be held at an office closest to HSIs principal offices in accordance
with the rules and procedures of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Pending the resolution of any arbitration or court proceeding, HSI
shall continue payment of all amounts and benefits due to a Participant hereunder. All reasonable costs and expenses of any arbitration or court proceeding (including fees and disbursements of counsel) shall be promptly paid on the
Participants behalf by HSI; provided, however, that no such expense reimbursement shall be made if and to the extent the arbitrator(s) determine(s) that any of the Participants dispute assertions or defenses were in bad faith or
frivolous In addition, no action may be started more than two years after the date on which the applicable appeal was denied. If there is no decision on appeal, no action may be started more than two years after the time when the Administrator
should have decided the appeal. 

6. Administration of the Plan. In accordance with Section 3(a), the Administrator
(a) may, in its sole and absolute discretion and on such terms and conditions as it may provide, delegate in writing to one or more officers of the Company all or any portion of its authority or responsibility with respect to the Plan, and
(b) has the authority to act for the Company (in a non-fiduciary capacity) as to any matter pertaining to the Plan; provided, however, that any Plan amendment or termination or any other action that
reasonably could be expected to increase materially the cost of the Plan must be approved by the Compensation Committee. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary the Administrator shall not have discretionary authority with respect to the
administration of the Plan, and any court or tribunal that adjudicates any dispute, controversy or claim arising under, in connection with or related to the Plan will apply a de novo standard of review to any determinations made by the
Administrator, and such de novo standard shall apply notwithstanding the administrative authority granted hereunder to the Administrator or characterization of any decision by the Administrator as final, binding or conclusive on any party.

8 

7. Amendment and Termination. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate,
in whole or in part, any or all of the provisions of the Plan by action of the Companys Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) at any time and for any reason, with or without notice, provided that any such amendment or
termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected Participant. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not amend
or terminate the Plan at any time on or after, or within ninety (90) days prior to, (a) the occurrence of a Change in Control or (b) the date the Company enters into a definitive agreement which, if consummated, would result in a
Change in Control, unless the potential Change in Control is abandoned (as publicly announced by the Company), in either case until the later of two (2) years after the occurrence of a Change in Control and the date that all Payments under the
Plan have been paid. 

8. Effect of Plan on Other Benefits. Except as specifically provided in the Plan, the existence of the Plan
shall not be interpreted to prohibit or restrict a Participants participation in any other employee benefit or other plans or programs in which the Participant may participate from time to time. 

9. Not an Employment Agreement; Rights Forfeitable. The Plan is not a contract of employment between any Participant and HSI. HSI may
terminate a Participants employment at any time, subject to the terms hereof or any other agreement that might exist between a Participant and HSI. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and for the avoidance of doubt, in the event
that Participant ceases to be a member of the Companys Executive Management Committee (or a successor committee thereof) for any reason other than due to (i) a Termination, or (ii) any change in title that would entitle a Participant
to resign with Good Reason hereunder, then such person shall immediately cease to be a Participant under the Plan and shall cease to have any rights under the Plan or the Participation Agreement, unless the Compensation Committee determines
otherwise in its sole discretion. 

10. Assignability; Binding Nature. For purposes of the Plan, the Company shall include any and
all successors or assignees, whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all or substantially all the business or assets of the Company, and such successors and assignees shall perform the Companys
obligations under the Plan, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company, would be required to perform if no such succession or assignment had taken place. Any such successor and/or assignee shall be required to expressly assume, in
writing, the terms and obligations of the Plan. In the event the surviving entity in any transaction to which the Company is a party is a subsidiary of another entity, then the ultimate parent entity of such surviving entity shall cause the
surviving entity to perform the Plan in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession or assignment had taken place. In such event, the term Company as used in the Plan,
means the Company, as hereinbefore defined and any successor or assignee (including the ultimate parent entity) to the business or assets of the Company, which by reason hereof becomes bound by the terms and provisions of the Plan. 

11. Governing Law/Jurisdiction. To the extent legally required, the Code and ERISA shall govern the Plan and, if any provision hereof
is in violation of any applicable requirement thereof, the Company reserves the right to retroactively amend the Plan to comply therewith. To the extent not governed by the Code and ERISA the Plan shall be governed by and construed and interpreted
in accordance with the laws of New York without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 

9 

12. Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions, subsections, or
sentences contained in the Plan shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed
as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. Moreover, if any one or more of the provisions contained in the Plan shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical
scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear. 

13. Withholding. The Company shall have the right to make such provisions as it deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any
obligations it may have to withhold federal, state or local income or other taxes incurred by reason of payments pursuant to the Plan. In lieu thereof, the Company shall have the right to withhold the amounts of such taxes from any other sums due or
to become due from the Company to the Participant upon such terms and conditions as the Administrator may prescribe. 

14. Minors and
Incompetents. If the Administrator shall find that any person to whom Payments are payable under the Plan is unable to care for his or her affairs because of illness or accident, or is a minor, any Payments due (unless a prior claim therefore
shall have been made by a duly appointed guardian, committee or other legal representative) shall be paid to the spouse, child, parent, or brother or sister, or to any person deemed by the Administrator to have incurred expense for such person
otherwise entitled to the Payments, in such manner and proportions as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion. Any such Payments shall be a complete discharge of the liabilities of the Company, the Administrator, and the
Companys Board of Directors under the Plan. If a Participant dies or becomes permanently disabled prior to payment of all Payments due to such Participant, any and all unpaid amounts shall be paid to the Participants heir(s), executor or
estate. 

15. Non-Alienation of Benefits. The Payments payable under the Plan shall not be
subject to alienation, transfer, assignment, garnishment, execution or levy of any kind, and any attempt to cause any Payments to be so subjected shall not be recognized. 

16. Code Section 409A. It is intended that the provisions of the Plan comply with Code Section 409A, and all
provisions of the Plan (or of any award of compensation, including equity compensation or benefits) shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company shall have no liability with regard to any failure to comply with Code Section 409A. A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of the Plan providing for the payment of
any amounts or benefits, which are subject to Code Section 409A, upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A (and the guidance
issued thereunder) and, for purposes of any such provision of the Plan, references to a resignation, termination, termination of employment, retirement or like terms shall mean separation from service.
For purposes of Code Section 409A, the Participants right to receive any installment payments pursuant to the Plan shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under the Plan
specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the
sole discretion of the Company. For purposes of Code Section 409A, any expenses eligible for reimbursement in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year, the reimbursement of an eligible
expense shall be made no later than the end of the calendar year after the calendar year in which such expense was incurred and the right to reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 

10 

17. Headings and Captions. The headings and captions herein are provided for
reference and convenience only. They shall not be considered part of the Plan and shall not be employed in the construction of the Plan. 

18. Electronic Communication and Administration. Unless prohibited by applicable law, all announcements, notices and other
communications regarding the Plan may be made by the Company by electronic means as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 

19.
Not Part of Compensation Package and No Acquired Rights. The Payments payable hereunder are provided solely as a payment for involuntary termination under the circumstances described herein (i.e., termination by the Company without Cause or
resignation by the Participant for Good Reason) and shall not constitute part of a Participants employment compensation package. The Payments under the Plan are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any
severance, resignation, termination pay, redundancy, end of service payments, long-service awards, bonus, incentive pay, pension, or retirement benefits or similar payments and does not create any acquired rights. 

20. Personal Information. By participating in the Plan, each Participant hereunder shall consent to the holding and processing of
personal information provided by such Participant to the Company, any affiliate of the Company, trustee or third-party service provider, for all purposes relating to the operation of the Plan and to the extent necessary for such operation. These
include, but are not limited to: (i) administering and maintaining Participant records; (ii) providing information to the Company, its affiliates, trustees of any employee benefit trust, registrars, brokers or third-party administrators of
the Plan; (iii) providing information to future purchasers or merger partners of the Company or any of its affiliates, or the business in which the Participant works; and (iv) to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, transferring
information about the Participant to any country or territory that may not provide the same protection for the information as the Participants home country. 

* * * 

11 

Appendix A 

Henry Schein, Inc. Executive Change in Control Plan 

Form of Participation Agreement 

Henry
Schein, Inc. (the Company) is pleased to inform you, [NAME], that you have been selected to participate in the Companys Executive Change in Control Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Plan). A
copy of the Plan was delivered to you with this Participation Agreement. Your participation in the Plan is subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

In order to become a participant in the Plan (a Participant as described in the Plan), you must complete and sign this Participation
Agreement and return it to [NAME] no later than [DATE]. 

The Plan describes in detail certain circumstances under which you may become eligible for
Payments (as defined in the Plan). As described more fully in the Plan, you may become eligible for a Payment under Section 2 of the Plan if you experience a Termination (as defined in the Plan). 

In order to receive and/or retain any Payments for which you otherwise become eligible under the Plan, you must sign and deliver to the Company the Release,
which must have become effective and irrevocable within the requisite period, and you must also adhere to the non-disclosure,non-disparagement and non-solicitation provisions of the Plan as set forth in the Plan. Also, as explained in the Plan, for any Participant who is a U.S. taxpayer (whether by reason of being a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident otherwise), your
Payments (if any) may be reduced under certain circumstances, if necessary, to avoid your Payments from becoming subject to golden parachute excise taxes under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. 

By signing this Participation Agreement and being eligible to participate in the Plan, you and the Company agree that your participation in the Plan is
governed by this Participation Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. Your signature below confirms that: (1) you have received a copy of the Plan; (2) you have carefully read this Participation Agreement and the Plan; (3) you
agree to comply with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 4 of the Plan; (4) you agree to settle all disputes relating to the Plan and your rights thereunder by binding arbitration as set forth in Section 5 of the Plan
following your exhaustion of the claims and appeal procedure under Section 5 of the Plan; (5) if you are a party to an agreement with the Company providing for severance and/or other benefits as a result of the termination of your
employment in connection with a Change in Control (a Prior Agreement), this Participation Agreement and the Plan shall replace and supersede any such Prior Agreement, and any such Prior Agreement shall be of no further force or
effect; and (6) you agree and acknowledge that in the event you cease to be a member of the Companys Executive Management Committee (or a successor committee thereof) for any reason other than due to (i) a Termination, or
(ii) any change in your title that would entitle you to resign with Good Reason under the Plan, then you will immediately cease to be a Participant under the Plan and you will not have any rights under the Plan or this Participation Agreement
(unless the Compensation Committee determines otherwise in its sole discretion). 

[Signature Page Follows] 

12 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. [PARTICIPANT NAME]

Signature 

Signature

Name 

Date

Title 

Attachment: Henry Schein, Inc. Executive Change in Control Plan 

[Signature Page to the Participation Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>hsic-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>hsic-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>hsic-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name HENRY SCHEIN INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001000228

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 0-27078

Entity Tax Identification Number 11-3136595

Entity Address, Address Line One 135 Duryea Road

Entity Address, City or Town Melville

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 11747

City Area Code (631)

Local Phone Number 843-5500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

Trading Symbol HSIC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://henryschein.com//20250410/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d835579d8k.htm 
hsic-20250410.xsd 
hsic-20250410_lab.xml 
hsic-20250410_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-080753-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d835579d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001000228 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

HENRY SCHEIN INC 
false 
0001000228 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
DE 
0-27078 
11-3136595 
135 Duryea Road 
Melville 
NY 
11747 
(631) 
843-5500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $.01 per share 
HSIC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>