<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-001167.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-001167.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106161014
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-001167
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241230
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nature's Miracle Holding Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001947861
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FARM MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3523]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41977
		FILM NUMBER:		25511168

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		858 NORTH CENTRAL AVENUE
		CITY:			UPLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91786
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-420-3694

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		858 NORTH CENTRAL AVENUE
		CITY:			UPLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91786

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LBBB Merger Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220922
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226815-8k_natures.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000194786100019478612024-12-302024-12-300001947861NMHI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2024-12-302024-12-300001947861NMHI:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2024-12-302024-12-30iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
December 30, 2024

NATURES MIRACLE HOLDING INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41977 88-3986430

(State or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

3281 E. Guasti Road, Suite 175

Ontario, CA 91761 91761

(Address of registrants principal executive office) (Zip code)

(909) 218-4601

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share NMHI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants to purchase Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share NMHIW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On December 30, 2024, Natures Miracle Holding
Inc. (the Company) and certain of its subsidiaries (collectively, the Borrowers), and the Company as guarantor
(the Guarantor), entered into a Business Loan and Security Agreement (the Agreement) with Maximcash Solutions
LLC (the Lender). Under the Agreement, the Lender loaned $311,000 (the Loan) to the Borrowers, which includes
an $11,000 origination fee deducted at the time of funding. The Loan carries an interest rate of 51.64% and an annual percentage rate
of 59.40%. The Loan matures on January 14, 2026. The Borrowers will repay the Loan in 26 biweekly payments of $15,430.38, with a total
repayment amount of $401,190 over a 12-month term. The Loan is secured by all present and after-acquired property of the Borrowers.

Under the Agreement and its early discount addendum,
a prepayment interest reduction percentage of 5% with respect to the unpaid interest remaining on the Loan will be applied to the extent
that the Borrowers prepay the Loan in whole in accordance with, and subject to, Section 9 of the Agreement. The 95% of the remaining unpaid
interest will still be due upon any prepayment in whole. Partial prepayments will not reduce the total interest expense. Notwithstanding
the prepayment terms set forth in Section 9 of the Agreement, the total repayment amount will be reduced to $349,875 (the Reduced
Repayment Amount) if the Borrowers deliver the total repayment amount within 90 days of the disbursement amount being paid by the
Lender. If an Event of Default (as defined in the Agreement) occurs, the Reduced Repayment Amount is not applicable.

Under the stacking prohibited addendum to the
Agreement, the Borrowers are prohibited from entering into any cash advance that relates to or involves its future receipts, or any loan
agreement with any party other than the Lender where the interest rate on such loan is greater than 10% for the duration of the Agreement,
except for bank loans, bank financing arrangements, or arrangements facilitating repayment of the Lenders total repayment amount
prior to releasing funds to the Borrowers.

As additional security for the Loan, the Company
issued 311,000 shares of its common stock (the Pledge Shares) to the Lender. In an Event of Default and upon receiving demand
for registration by the Lender, the Company is required to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement providing
for the resale by the Lender of the Pledge Shares.

The foregoing summary of the Agreement and its
addendums is not intended to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement and its addendums,
copies of which are filed as Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 10.2, Exhibit 10.3 and Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Business Loan and Security Agreement dated as of December 30, 2024.

10.2 Early Discount Addendum to Business Loan and Security Agreement

10.3 Stacking Prohibited Addendum to Business Loan and Security Agreement

10.4 Seller Definition Addendum to Business Loan and Security Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL).

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 6, 2025

NATURES MIRACLE HOLDING INC.

By: /s/ Tie (James) Li

Name: Tie (James) Li

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022681501ex10-1_natures.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BUSINESS LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 30, 2024
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

OFFER SUMMARY

Closed-End Commercial Loan

This financing has multiple payment options. This disclosure assumes you will make the minimum payments permitted under the contract.

Funding Provided $ 311,000.00 This is how much funding Maximcash Solutions LLC will provide.

Annual Percentage Rate (APR) 59.4 % APR is the cost of your financing expressed as a yearly rate. APR includes the amount and timing of the funding you receive, interest and fees you pay and the payments you make. Your APR is not an interest rate. Your interest rate is 51.64%. Your APR may be higher than your interest rate because APR incorporates interest costs and other finance charges.

Finance Charge $ 101,190.00 This is the dollar cost of your financing.

Total Payment Amount $ 401,190.00 This is [the total/our estimate of the total (as applicable)] dollar amount of payments you will make during the term of the contract.

Average Monthly Cost $ 33,342.50 Although this financing does not have monthly payments, this is our calculation of your average monthly cost for comparison purposes.

Payment $ 15,430.38 (Biweekly) 26 Biweekly payments of $15,430.38

Term 12 Months 

Prepayment A Prepayment Interest Reduction Percentage of 5% (with respect to unpaid interest remaining on this Loan) will be applied to the extent that the Borrower prepays this Loan in whole in accordance with, and subject to, Section 9 of the Business Loan and Security Agreement. Note that 95% of remaining unpaid interest will still be due upon Prepayment in whole. You should keep in mind that partial prepayments will not reduce the Total Interest Expense.

If you pay off the financing early you must also pay the following additional fees:

Legal Fee: $ 2,000.00

Funding Fee: $ 8,850.00

Bank Change Fee: $ 0.00

Notary Fee: $ 0.00

Non-Sufficient Funds (NSF) Fee: $ 35.00 (If incurred)

Stopped Payment Fee: $ 150.00 (If incurred)

Default Fee: 15% (If incurred)

Credit Fee: $ 0.00

UCC Filing Fee: $ 150.00 (Charged Upfront)

Applicable law requires this information
to be provided to you to help you make an informed decision. By signing below, you are confirming that you received this information.

Recipient Signature: Date:

/s/ Tie Li 12/30/2024

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 1

This Business Loan and Security
Agreement (as amended, modified or restated, the Agreement), together with the attached Authorization Agreement for
Direct Deposit (ACH Credit) and Direct Payments (ACH Debits) (as amended, modified or restated, Authorization Agreement),
as amended, modified or restated (collectively the Agreement) governs your business loan (Loan)
made by the Borrower as of the Effective Date (defined below). Please read this Agreement and keep it for your reference. In this Agreement,
the words you, your and Borrower each mean the Borrower identified on the
signature page of this Agreement. Each Person identified on the signature page of this Business Loan and Security Agreement as a Guarantor
(including any Secured Guarantor as herein defined) shall be referred to as Guarantor and collectively as Guarantors
in this Agreement. The words Lender, we, us, and our
each mean Maximcash Solutions LLC, and its successors and assigns. Person means a corporation, association, partnership,
an estate, a trust and any other entity or organization. Each disbursement of the Loan is an Advance.

If you have any questions, please
call us at [XXXXXXXXXX]

(we have support available Monday
- Friday 9am - 6pm ET) or email [XXXXXXXXXX].

YOUR
LOAN DETAILS

Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc. et/al see addendum

Borrowers Address: 3281 E. Guasti Road, Suite 175, Ontario, California 91761

Lender: Maximcash Solutions LLC

Address for Lender: 

[XXXXXXXXXX]

Email:
[XXXXXXXXXX]

Guarantor(s): Natures Miracle Holding INC

Address(es) for Guarantor(s): 3281 E. Guasti Road, Suite 175, Ontario, California 91761

Secured Guarantor(s): Natures Miracle Holding INC

Address(es) for Secured Guarantor(s): 3281 E. Guasti Road, Suite 175, Ontario, California 91761

Loan Amount: $311,000.00

Origination Fee:

(Deducted at time of Advance) $11,000.00

Advance Amount:

(Loan Amount less Origination Fee)

Note that the
Advance Amount may not be the amount deposited to your Designated Checking Account. The amount that will be deposited to your Designated
Checking Account will be reduced by any amounts owed to Lender from any prior Advance, indebtedness, or loan, or may be used to pay off
an amount owed to a third-party creditor. 

$300,000.00

Maturity Date: 01/14/2026

Biweekly Payment Amount:
(Business Days only)

Payment Schedule:

The term Business Day
means any Monday through Friday, except for Federal Reserve holidays. 

$15,430.38

26 payments
of $15,430.38 due Biweekly each Wednesday, or the immediate next Business Day, immediately following the date disbursement of the
Advance Amount is initiated by Lender (in the case of any Advance or loan with a Daily Payment Amount) or the same day each week as the
day of the week disbursement of the Advance Amount is initiated by Lender beginning seven (7) days after the Advance Amount is initiated
(in the case of any Advance or loan with a Weekday Payment Amount).

Total Interest Expense:

(Does not include any costs, expenses
or Fees) $90,190.00

Total Repayment Amount:

(Loan Amount plus Total
Interest Expense) $401,190.00

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 2

PREPAYMENT,
RENEWAL, AND OTHER FEES

Prepayment:

(See Section 9 of this
Agreement for details) A Prepayment Interest Reduction Percentage of 5% (with respect to unpaid interest remaining on this Loan) will be applied to the extent that the Borrower prepays this Loan in whole in accordance with, and subject to, Section 9 of this Agreement. Note that 95% of the remaining unpaid interest will still be due upon any prepayment in whole. Partial prepayments will not reduce the Total Interest Expense.

Renewals: Remaining unpaid interest on this Loan will be eligible to be forgiven by Lender in Lenders sole discretion if: (a) Borrower is current on its scheduled payments with respect to this Loan (including payment of any fees or expenses), and (b) while this Loan is outstanding, Borrower enters into a business loan and security agreement for a new qualifying term loan with Lender, a portion of the proceeds of which are used to repay this Loan in whole.

Fees:

(collectively the Origination
Fee) 

Underwriting Fee: $0

Legal Processing Fee: $2,000.00

Professional
Service Fee: 0

Returned Payment Fee: $35.00

Funding Fee: $8,850.00

Bank Change Fee: $50.00

Notary Fee: $0

Non-Sufficient Funds (NSF) Fee: $35.00

Stopped Payment
Fee: $100.00

Default Fee: 15%

UCC Filing Fee: $150.00

Late Fee: $35.00

Stacking Fee: $30,110.00

CERTAIN
DISCLOSURES

Loan Pricing Disclosure Lender uses a system of risk-based pricing to determine interest charges and fees. Risk-based pricing is a system that evaluates the risk factors of your application and adjusts the interest rate up or down based on this risk evaluation. This loan may be a higher cost loan than loans that may be available through other lenders. Borrower understands that Lender may make loans at other amounts, interest rates and with other fees to other Persons as well.

Loan For Specific Purposes Only 

The proceeds of the requested Loan
may solely be used for the specific purposes as set forth in the Use of Proceeds Certification of the Business Loan and Security Agreement.
IN ADDITION, YOUWARRANTTHATTHE LOAN WILL NOT BE USED FOR PERSONAL, FAMILY OR HOUSEHOLD PURPOSES.

Borrower understands that Borrowers
agreement not to use the Loan proceeds for personal, family or household purposes means that certain important duties imposed upon entities
making loans for consumer/personal purposes, and certain important rights conferred upon consumers, pursuant to federal or state law will
not apply to this transaction.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 3

The calculations below involve certain key assumptions about this Loan, including that the Loan is paid off in its entirety according to the agreed Payment Schedule and that no repayments are missed. This is provided as a convenience only, and Lenders records will, absent manifest error, be conclusively presumed to be correct and accurate and constitute an account stated between Borrower and Lender. To the extent the Lenders records differ from the below metric calculations and metric explanations, the Lenders records shall control. The amounts below may vary from the actual amounts.

Loan

Amount

$311,000.00 

Advance Amount

(minus fees withheld)1

$300,000.00 

Repayment Amount

$401,190.00 

Term

12 Months

(repaid Biweekly)

METRIC METRIC CALCULATION METRIC EXPLANATION

Total Cost of Capital

$101,190.00 

Interest Expense: $90,190.00

Loan Fee: $

Origination Fee: $11,000.00

Other Fees: $

Total Cost of Capital: $ 101,190.00 This
is the total amount that you will pay in interest and fees for the Loan, but this amount does not include fees and other charges
you can avoid, such as late payment fees, returned payment fees, and the default fee.2

Annual
Percentage 

Rate (APR)3

59.40 % 

Your Loan will have 26

Biweekly payments of: $15,430.38

APR: 59.40 % This is the cost of the Loan, including total interest or Loan Fees and other fees, expressed as a yearly rate. APR takes into account the amount and timing of capital you receive, fees you pay, and the periodic payments you make. This is provided as a convenience only. While APR can be used for comparison purposes, it is not an interest rate and is not used to calculate your interest expense or Loan Fee.

Average Monthly

Payment

$33,342.50 

Repayment Amount: $401,190.00

Term (in months): 12 Months

Average Monthly

Payment: $33,342.50 

This is the average
monthly repayment amount of the Loan, which does not include fees and other charges you can avoid, such as late payment fees, returned
payment fees and the default fee.2

The actual repayment frequency
for the Loan will be Biweekly. This is an estimate for comparison purposes only.

Cents on the Dollar

(excluding
fees) 29.0 

Interest Expense or $90,190.00

Loan Fee: Loan

Amount: 

$311,000.00

Cents on the Dollar 29.

(excluding fees): This is the total amount of interest or Loan Fee paid per dollar borrowed. This amount is exclusive of fees. This is provided as a convenience only.

Prepayment Does prepayment of this Loan result in any new fees or charges? 

No

(see Prepayment above)

Does prepayment of this Loan decrease the total interest or Loan Fees owed? 

Yes

(see Prepayment
above for the interest or fee reduction amount)

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 4

1 The Advance
Amount is the amount of capital that a business receives and may be different from the Loan Amount. The Advance Amount is net of fees
withheld from the Loan Amount. A portion of the Advance Amount may be used to pay off any amounts owed to Lender from a prior Advance,
indebtedness, loan, or used to pay an amount owed to a third party creditor.

2 Your business
may incur other fees that are not a condition of borrowing, such as late payment fees, returned payment fees, default fees, or monthly
maintenance fees. Those fees are not reflected here. See the agreement for details on these fees (see Other Fees above).
Further, your business may incur other third-party fees associated with any Advance, borrowing, non-payment or otherwise.

3 APR should
be considered in conjunction with the Total Cost of Capital. APR may be most useful when comparing financing solutions of similar expected
duration. APR is calculated here according to the principles of 12 C.F.R. 1026 (Regulation Z), using 52 payment periods of equal
length and 52 payment dates per year for Biweekly pay products, and 252 payment dates per year for daily pay products.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 5

1. EFFECTIVE DATE. This Agreement
begins on the date we accept this Agreement in Utah, which is the date of our signature on the signature page of the Agreement (Effective
Date). Borrower understands and agrees that Lender may postpone, without penalty, the Advance of Loan amounts to Borrower until
Lender has determined in its sole discretion that all required security interests for the Loan have been perfected and Lender has received
all required documentation for the Loan.

2. AUTHORIZATION. Borrower agrees
that the Loan shall be conclusively deemed to have been authorized by Borrower and to have been made pursuant to a duly authorized request
on its behalf.

3. LOAN FOR SPECIFIC PURPOSES ONLY.
THE PROCEEDS OF THE LOAN MAY BE USED ONLY FOR THE SPECIFIC PURPOSES SET FORTH IN THE USE OF PROCEEDS CERTIFICATION CONTAINED IN SECTION
48 BELOW, AND NOT FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSES. In addition, the Loan will not be used for personal, family or household purposes, and Borrower
and Guarantors agree they each are forever estopped from taking the position that such Loan (including Advances) are or were used for
such personal, family or household purposes. Borrower understands that Borrowers covenant not to use the Loan proceeds for personal,
family or household purposes means that certain important duties imposed upon Persons making loans for personal, family or household purposes,
and certain important rights conferred upon such Persons, pursuant to federal or state law will not apply to the Loan or the Agreement.
Borrower understands that Lender will be unable to confirm whether the use of the Loan conforms to this Section. Borrower agrees
that a breach by Borrower of the provisions of this Section shall not affect Lenders right to (a) enforce Borrowers
promise to pay for all amounts owed under this Agreement, regardless of (i) the purpose for which the Loan is obtained or (ii) how the
Loan proceeds are used by Borrower, and (b) use any remedy legally available to Lender, even if that remedy would normally not have been
available had the Loan been made by Lender to Borrower for personal, family or household purposes.

4. DISBURSEMENT OF LOAN PROCEEDS AND MAINTENANCE
OF BORROWERS BANK ACCOUNT. If Borrower applied and is approved for the Loan, then the Loan will be disbursed as provided in
the accompanying Authorization Agreement. Borrower shall maintain Direct Payments (ACH Debits) in its Designated Checking Account, including
keeping such account open until the Total Repayment Amount as defined in this Agreement has been completely repaid. Borrower
agrees that the Loan made by Lender to Borrower may not be returned except at Lenders sole discretion.

5. PROMISE TO PAY. Borrower
shall pay Lender the Total Repayment Amount in accordance with the Payment Schedule above. As provided in the accompanying Authorization
Agreement, Borrower shall enroll in Lenders Automatic Payment Plan and authorizes Lender to collect required Loan payments. If
required by Lender, Borrower agrees and authorizes Lender ( or its servicer or any agent of Lender thereof) to collect Loan payments from
a transfer account.

6. ALTERNATIVE PAYMENT METHODS. If Borrower for any reason
knows that Lender will be unable to process a Loan payment under Lenders Automatic Payment Plan, then Borrower must either
transfer sufficient funds into its Designated Checking Account such that the missed payment can be collected as provided in the
attached Authorization Agreement, or promptly mail or deliver a check to Lender in an amount equal to the missed payment or, if
offered to Borrower by Lender, make the missed payment by any pay-by-phone or on-line service or pursuant to wire t ransfer
instructions that Lender may make available to Borrower from time to time. If Borrower elects to send payments to Lender for the
Loan by postal mail, then Borrower agrees to send such payments to Lenders address on the first page of this Agreement or
some other place as designated by Lender from time to time in writing. All alternative payments contemplated in this Section
shall be made in immediately available funds by check, money order, wire transfer, automatic transfer from an account at an
institution offering such service, or other instrument in U.S. Dollars. Borrower understands and agrees that payments made by means
other than as specified in this Section or to an address other than as set forth above may result in a delay in processing
and/or crediting such payment, and may result in late fees, interest, or charges.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 6

If Borrower makes an alternative payment as contemplated
by this Section on Borrowers Loan by mail or by any pay-by-phone or on- line service that Lender makes available or by w
i r e t r ans f er while Borrower is enrolled in the Automatic Payment Plan, Lender may treat such payment as an additional payment and
continue to process Borrowers scheduled Automatic Payment Plan payments or may reduce any scheduled Automatic Payment Plan payment
by the amount of any such additional payment received.

7. APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. Subject
to applicable law, Lender reserves the right to allocate and apply payments received on Borrowers Loan between principal, interest
and fees in any manner Lender chooses in its sole discretion, with such discretion performed with Lenders reference to its records
for the Loan, it being understood and agreed by Borrower that Loan payments generally will be allocated and applied against any fees and
interest incurred on the Loan before principal. At Lenders discretion, if there are any fees, costs or other expenses due and owing
under this Agreement, including, without limitation, any Fees, Lender may unilaterally adjust Borrowers amortized or principal
payments due under this Agreement in an amount to pay such fees, costs or other expenses; Lender, at its discretion, may charge such adjusted
amount on a single amortized or principal payment, or over multiple amortized or principal payments.

8. POSTDATED CHECKS, RESTRICTED ENDORSEMENT
CHECKS AND OTHER DISPUTED OR QUALIFIED PAYMENTS. Lender may accept late, postdated or partial payments without losing any of Lenders
rights under this Agreement (a postdated check is a check dated later than the day it was actually presented for payment). Lender is
under no obligation to hold a postdated check and Lender reserves the right to process every item presented as if dated the same date
received by Lender or Lenders check processor. Borrower shall not send Lender payments marked paid in full, without
recourse, or similar language. If Borrower sends such a payment, Lender may accept it without losing any of Lenders rights
under this Agreement or applicable law. All notices and written communications concerning postdated checks, restricted endorsement checks
(including any check or other payment instrument that indicates that the payment constitutes payment in full of the amount
owed or that is tendered with other conditions or limitations or as full satisfaction of a disputed amount) or any other disputed, nonconforming
or qualified payments, must be mailed or delivered to the Lenders address on the first page of this Agreement or some other place
as designated by Lender from time to time in writing.

9. PREPAYMENT.
Borrower agrees that all fees and other prepaid finance charges are earned by Lender fully as of the date of this Agreement and will not
be subject to refund upon early payment of the Total Repayment Amount (whether voluntary or as a result of an Event of Default), except
as otherwise required by law. Borrower may prepay Borrowers Loan in whole on any Business Day by paying Lender the sum total of
the Total Repayment Amount, including without limit any Returned Payment Fees and any Late Fees (if any), in each case as described in
the attached in this Agreement less (a) the amount of any principal Loan payments made prior to such prepayment and (b) the product of
(i) the percentage identified as the applicable Prepayment Interest Reduction Percentage in this Agreement and (ii) the aggregate amount
of unpaid interest remaining on the Borrowers Loan as of such date as determined by Lenders records in accordance with Section
7. Borrower may prepay Borrowers Loan in part on any Business Day and such payment shall be applied in accordance with Section
7.

10. SECURITY INTEREST.
Borrower and each Guarantor hereunder (each a Secured Guarantor provided, however, that each reference to
Guarantor in this Agreement shall include each Secured Guarantor) hereby grants to Lender, the secured
party hereunder, a continuing security interest in and to any and all Collateral as defined and described below to secure the prompt
and complete payment and performance of all debts, liabilities and obligations of Borrower to Lender hereunder, and also any and all
other debts, liabilities and obligations of Borrower to Lender of every kind and description, direct or indirect, absolute or
contingent, primary or secondary, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, relating to the Loan described in this
Agreement, the preceding being true whether or not contemplated by the parties hereto at the time of the granting of this security
interest, regardless of how such debts, liabilities and obligations arise or by what agreement or instrument they may be evidenced
by, and the preceding includes Borrowers obligations to perform acts and refrain from taking action as well as all
obligations to pay Lender money including, without limitation, all interest, other fees and expenses under or related to the Loan
(all of the preceding being the Obligations). The Collateral means all of
Borrowers, and all of each Secured Guarantors, assets and property, whether now owned by or owing to, or hereafter
acquired by or arising in favor of Borrower and each Secured Guarantor, and whether owned or consigned by or to, or leased from or
to Borrower and each Secured Guarantor, regardless of where located, which shall include, without limitation: (a) any and all
amounts owing to Borrower now or in the future from any merchant processor(s) processing charges made by customers of Borrower via
credit card or debit card transactions; (b) cash and cash equivalents, (c) inventory, (d) equipment, (e) investment property,
including certificated and uncertificated securities, securities accounts, security entitlements, commodity contracts and commodity
accounts, (f) instruments, including promissory notes, (g) chattel paper, including tangible chattel paper and electronic chattel
paper, (h) documents, (i) letter of credit rights, (j) accounts, including health-care insurance receivables, (k) deposit accounts
with any bank or other financial institution, (l) commercial tort claims as disclosed on Schedule 1, (m) general intangibles,
including payment intangibles and software, (n) copyrights, patents and trademarks and all other intellectual property, (o)
fixtures, (p) goods, (q) letters of credit, letter-of-credit rights, and supporting obligations, and (r) as-extracted collateral.
The preceding terms used in defining the term Collateral not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the
meaning as such terms may from time to time be defined in the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of Utah
(UCC). The security interest Borrower and each Secured Guarantor grants herein includes all accessions to,
substitutions for and replacements, proceeds (including stock rights), insurance proceeds and products of the foregoing subsections
(a) through (r), together with all books and records, customers lists, credit files, computer files, programs, printouts, and other
computer materials and records related thereto and any general intangibles (as defined in the UCC) at any time evidencing or
relating to any of the foregoing. Lender disclaims any security interest in household goods in which Lender is forbidden by
applicable law from taking a security interest.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 7

11. PROTECTING THE SECURITY INTEREST. Borrower
and each Secured Guarantor (as applicable) agrees that Lender and/or Lenders agent or representative may file any financing
statement, lien entry form control agreement, or other document that is necessary or desirable in order to perfect, amend or
continue Lenders security interest in the Collateral, including, without limitation, any fixture filings or other filings in
the real property records, and Borrower, and each Secured Guarantor as applicable, shall cooperate with Lender and Lenders
agent or representative to accomplish said filing(s), and shall do whatever else Lender and Lenders agent or representative
deems necessary to protect Lenders security interest in the Collateral. BORROWER AND EACH SECURED GUARANTOR EACH EXPRESSLY
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT THAT, LENDERS COLLATERAL AS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 10 INCLUDES ALL OF
BORROWERS AND EACH SECURED GUARANTORS PROPERTY AND ASSETS.

12. LOCATION OF COLLATERAL; TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING
COLLATERAL. Unless Lender has agreed otherwise in writing, Borrower represents and warrants that (a) all Collateral (or records of
the Collateral in the case of accounts, chattel paper and general intangibles) shall be located at Borrowers address as shown on
the first page of this Agreement, (b) except for inventory sold or accounts collected in the ordinary course of Borrowers business
(provided, however, that upon notice of Lender and if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower shall not sell
inventory or accounts without Lender consent), Borrower shall not sell, offer to sell, or otherwise transfer or dispose of the
Collateral, (c) no one else has any interest in or claim against the Collateral that is not already disclosed on the attached Schedule
2. Additionally, unless Lender has agreed otherwise in writing, Borrower shall not pledge, mortgage, encumber or otherwise
permit the Collateral to be subject to any lien, security interest, encumbrance or charge, other than the security interest provided
for in this Agreement, and Borrower shall not sell, offer to sell, or otherwise transfer or dispose of the Collateral for less than
the fair market value thereof. Borrower shall, at the sole cost to Borrower, defend Lenders rights in the Collateral against
the claims and demands of all other Persons. Borrower (or each Secured Guarantor as applicable) shall hold all proceeds from any
unauthorized disposition of the Collateral in trust for Lender, which shall not be co-mingled with any other funds and shall
immediately be delivered to Lender upon receipt by Borrower or any Guarantor. Notwithstanding the preceding three sentences
requirements, Borrowers and each Guarantors obligations as described herein do not constitute or equate to consent by
Lender to any such disposition or transfer. Borrower and each Secured Guarantor shall provide to Lender ten (10) days prior
notice of the opening of any deposit account; Borrower and each Secured Guarantor shall, promptly provide, upon Lenders
request, a deposit account control agreement duly executed on behalf of each financial institution holding a deposit account of
Borrower or any Secured Guarantor or a securities account control agreement duly executed on behalf of each financial institution or
transfer agent holding a securities account of Borrower or any Secured Guarantor.

13. TAXES, ASSESSMENTS AND LIENS. Borrower shall complete,
timely file, and pay when due all necessary federal, state and local taxes and shall pay when due all taxes, assessments, levies,
and liens upon the Collateral and, upon Lenders request, provide evidence of such payments to Lender.

14. INSURANCE. Borrower,
and each Secured Guarantor as applicable, shall procure and maintain insurance policies and coverage as Lender may require with respect
to the Collateral, including without limitation flood insurance if the location of any Collateral is located in any area that has been
designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a Special Flood Hazard Area, in the form, amounts and coverage
reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a company reasonably acceptable to Lender, which shall be a minimum amount equal to the
Total Repayment Amount. Borrower, and each Secured Guarantor as applicable, shall ensure that all of Borrowers and each Secured
Guarantors insurance policies name Lender as loss payee, and Borrower and each Secured Guarantor shall deliver to Lender endorsements
demonstrating the same in form and substance satisfactory to Lender. If Borrower or any Secured Guarantor at any time fails to obtain
or maintain any insurance as required under this Section, Lender may obtain such insurance as Lender deems appropriate at Borrowers
sole cost and expense. Borrower and/or each Secured Guarantor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss of or damage to the Collateral.
Upon any insurable loss to any Collateral, the proceeds shall be paid to Lender to apply to the Total Repayment Amount

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 8

15. REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE. Borrower
and each Secured Guarantor shall keep and maintain, and shall cause others to keep and maintain, the Collateral in good order, repair,
and condition at all times while this Agreement remains in effect. Borrower and each Secured Guarantor further agrees to pay when due
all claims made by third party Persons for work done on, or services rendered to, or material furnished in connection with the Collateral
so that no lien or encumbrance of any kind may ever attach to or be filed against the Collateral.

16. INSPECTION OF COLLATERAL AND PLACE
OF BUSINESS; USE OF PHOTOGRAPHS AND TESTIMONIALS. Lender and Lenders designated representatives and agents shall have the
right during Borrowers or Secured Guarantors (as applicable) normal business hours and at any other reasonable time (except
during an Event of Default during which Lender and Lenders designated representatives and agents may examine the Collateral at
any time) to examine the Collateral wherever located and the interior and exterior of any of Borrowers or Secured Guarantors
place of business. During an examination of any Borrowers or Secured Guarantors place of business, Lender may examine,
among other things, whether Borrower, or Secured Guarantor as applicable, (a) has a place of business that is separate from any residence;
(b) is open for business; (c) has sufficient inventory to conduct Borrowers, or Secured Guarantors as applicable, business;
and (d) has one or more credit card terminals if Borrower, or Secured Guarantor as applicable, processes credit card transactions. When
performing an examination, Lender may photograph the interior and exterior of any of Borrowers or Secured Guarantors place
of business, including any signage, and may photograph any individual who has signed this Agreement (each a Signatory)
unless the Signatory previously has notified Lender that he or she does not authorize Lender to photograph the Signatory. Lender may
obtain testimonials from any Signatory, including testimonials on why Borrower needed the Loan and how the Loan has helped Borrower.
Any photograph and testimonial will become and remain the sole property of Lender. Borrower, each Guarantor, and each Signatory grant
Lender the irrevocable and permanent right to display and share any photograph and testimonial contemplated in this Section in
all forms and media, including composite and modified representations, for all purposes, including but not limited to any trade or commercial
purpose, whether shared with any of Lenders employees or agents or with the general public. Lender may, but is not required to,
use the name of any Borrower, Guarantor and Signatory in connection with any testimonial. Borrower, each Guarantor, and each Signatory
waive the right to inspect or approve versions of any photograph or testimonial or the written copy or other media that may be used in
connection with any of the foregoing. Borrower, each Guarantor, and each Signatory release Lender from any claims that now exist or may
arise in the future regarding the use of any photograph or testimonial, including any claims of defamation, invasion of privacy or infringement
of moral rights, rights of publicity or copyright.

17. LENDERS EXPENDITURES. If
any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lenders interest in the Collateral or if Borrower or a
Guarantor fails to comply with any provision of this Agreement or any related documents, including but not limited to
Borrowers failure to discharge, pay, or perform when due any Obligations, then Lender on Borrowers or any Secured
Guarantors behalf (as applicable) may (but shall not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate,
including but not limited to discharging or paying all taxes, liens, security interests, encumbrances, and other claims, at any time
levied or placed on the Collateral and paying all costs for insuring, maintaining, and preserving the Collateral. To the extent
permitted by applicable law, any expenses, costs, or fees incurred in connection therewith (including attorneys and other
advisory or third-party fees) will become a part of the Obligations and, at Lenders option, shall: (a) be payable on demand;
(b) be added to the balance of the Loan and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment payments to become due during
the remaining term of the Loan; or (c) be treated as a balloon payment that will be due and payable at the Maturity Date. Such right
shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon an Event of Default.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 9

18. BORROWERS AND EACH SECURED
GUARANTORS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; CERTAIN COVENANTS. Borrower and each Secured Guarantor represents and warrants
that: (a) Borrower and each Secured Guarantor will comply with all laws, statutes, regulations, and ordinances pertaining to the
conduct of its business and the Collateral, including without limitation any law relating to the use, sale, possession, cultivation,
manufacture, distribution, or marketing of any controlled substances or other contraband (whether for commercial, medical, or
personal purposes), or any law relating to the medicinal use or distribution of marijuana; (b) Borrowers principal executive
office and the office where Borrower keeps its records concerning its accounts, contract rights, and other property is that shown of
the first page of this Agreement; (c) Borrower and each Secured Guarantor is duly organized, licensed, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its state of formation and shall hereafter remain in good standing in that state, and Borrower and each
Secured Guarantor is duly qualified, licensed and in good standing in every other state in which it is doing business, and shall
hereafter remain duly qualified, licensed and in good standing in every other state in which it is doing business; (d) the true and
correct legal name of the Borrower and each Secured Guarantor is set forth in the first page of this Agreement; (e) the aggregate
ownership percentage of the Signatories is greater than or equal to fifty percent (50%) of the Borrowers business; (f) the
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement, and any other document executed in connection herewith, are within
Borrowers and each Secured Guarantors powers, have been duly authorized, are not in contravention of law or the terms
of Borrowers or any Secured Guarantors charter, operating agreement, bylaws or other constituting documents, or of any
indenture, agreement, or undertaking to which Borrower or any Secured Guarantor is a party; (g) all constituting documents and all
amendments thereto of Borrower and each Secured Guarantor have been duly filed and are in proper order and any capital stock or
other membership or equity interests issued by Borrower and each Secured Guarantor and outstanding was and is properly issued and
all books and records of Borrower and each Secured Guarantor are accurate and up to date and will be so maintained; (h) Borrower and
each Secured Guarantor (i) is not subject to any charter, corporate, or other legal restriction, or any judgment, award, decree,
order, governmental rule or regulation, or contractual restriction that could have a material adverse effect on its financial
condition, business, or prospects, and (ii) is in compliance with its charter, operating agreement, bylaws, and other constating
documents, all contractual requirements by which it may be bound and all applicable laws, rules and regulations other than laws,
rules or regulations the validity or applicability of which it is contesting in good faith or provisions of any of the foregoing the
failure to comply with which cannot reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect Borrowers or any Secured
Guarantors financial condition, business or prospects or the value of the Collateral, each taken individually and as a whole;
(i) there is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending or, to Borrowers or any Secured Guarantors or
Signatorys knowledge, threatened against or affecting it or any of Borrowers or any Secured Guarantors assets
before or by any court or other governmental authority which, if determined adversely to it, would have a material adverse effect on
Borrowers or any Secured Guarantors financial condition, business, or prospects or the value of the Collateral, each
taken individually and as a whole; (j) all information provided by Borrower and/or each Guarantor as part of the application process
for the Loan was true and complete; (k) neither Borrower nor any Secured Guarantor intends to file for reorganization or liquidation
under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within six (6) months of the Effective Date; (l) neither Borrower
nor any Secured Guarantor is presently insolvent within the meaning of the UCC or the United States Bankruptcy Code and neither will
become insolvent upon the making of the Loan; (m) Borrower and each Secured Guarantor shall maintain in full force and effect and in
good standing all material rights, licenses, and leases necessary to carry on its business, and all material permits, licenses,
leases consents and approvals necessary for the construction, maintenance, and operation of its business; (n) Borrower shall make
all payments of interest and principal as and when due, and Borrower and each Guarantor shall keep and comply with all terms,
conditions and provisions of this Agreement; (o) the proceeds of any Advance shall not be used for personal, family, household or
agricultural purposes; (p) Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Advance, directly or indirectly, in violation of any
applicable law or regulation, including without limitation Regulations T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board as from time to time
in effect (and any successor regulation or official interpretation of such Board), or to purchase or carry any margin
stock, as defined in Regulations U and X, or any margin security, marginable OTC stock or
foreign margin stock within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X; and (q) Borrower and each Secured Guarantor shall not
effect any material change in their ownership or organizational structure (acknowledging that any change in ownership shall be
deemed material when ownership is closely held and any change that would be adverse to Lender or adversely affect the Loan shall be
deemed material).

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 10

19. INTEREST AND FEES. Borrower
shall pay in full the Total Interest Expense as set forth at the beginning of this Agreement and all other fees and costs
set forth in this Agreement, including, without limitation, those set forth on Pages 1 and 2 of this Agreement. Borrower shall also pay
the following fees:

A. Origination Fee: A one-time origination
fee in the amount set forth at the beginning of this Agreement. Borrower agrees that this fee shall be immediately deducted from the
proceeds of Borrowers Loan prior to the Loans initial Advance.

B. Returned Payment Fee: A returned payment
fee in the amount set forth in the beginning of this Agreement if any Loan payment processed on Borrowers Loan is returned unpaid
or dishonored for any reason.

C. Late Fee: A late fee in the amount set
forth in the beginning of this Agreement if a scheduled Loan payment is not received by Lender as provided in the Payment Schedule set
forth in the beginning of this Agreement.

D. Default Interest: Upon the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default, the balance of the remaining unpaid principal and interest accrued on the Loan shall thereafter
bear interest at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) Annual Percentage Rate (APR) as provided in this Agreement per annum or (ii) the maximum
rate allowed by applicable law, as a default interest rate until the Event of Default has been cured as determined in Lenders
sole discretion.

Payments made on the Loan by Borrower shall be
applied and allocated between Loan principal, interest, and fees in the manner set forth in Section 7.

20. INTEREST AND FEES EXCEEDING PERMITTED
LIMIT. If the Loan is subject to applicable law that sets maximum interest or charges, and such applicable law is interpreted so
that the interest or other fees collected or to be collected in connection with this Agreement exceed the permitted limits under
such applicable law, then (a) any interest or charge shall be automatically reduced by the amount necessary to reduce such charge to
the permitted limit under applicable law, and (b) if required by applicable law, any sums already collected from Borrower that
exceed such permitted limits will be refunded or credited to Borrower.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 11

21. FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND REEVALUATION OF CREDIT. Borrower
and each Guarantor (if any) authorize Lender to obtain business and personal credit bureau reports in Borrowers and any Guarantors
name, respectively, at any time and from time to time for the purpose of deciding whether to initially approve the requested Loan, or
to approve any update, renewal, extension of credit, or for any otherwise applicable and lawful purpose. Upon Borrowers or any
Guarantors request, Lender shall advise Borrower or Guarantor (as applicable) if Lender obtained a credit report and Lender shall
give Borrower or Guarantor the credit bureaus name and address. Borrower and each Guarantor (if any) shall submit current financial
information, a new credit application, or both, in Borrowers name and in the name of each Guarantor, respectively, at any time
promptly upon Lenders request. Borrower authorizes Lender to act as Borrowers agent for purposes of accessing and retrieving
transaction history information regarding Borrower from Borrowers designated merchant processor(s). Lender may report Lenders
credit experiences with Borrower and any Guarantor in relation to the Loan to third party Persons as permitted by applicable law, including
with respect to any Guarantor to consumer credit reporting agencies. Lender may share the information contemplated under this Section
for the purpose of Lender complying with governmental reporting or legal processes that Lender believes may be required, whether
or not such sharing of information is in fact required or may otherwise do the same when necessary or helpful in completing a transaction,
when investigating a loss or Event of Default or potential loss or Event of Default, or in connection with the sale or syndication of
the Loan or any Advance. Borrower and each Guarantor is hereby notified that a negative credit report reflecting on Borrowers
and/or any Guarantors credit record may be submitted to a credit reporting agency (including with respect to any Guarantor to
consumer credit reporting agencies) if Borrower or such Guarantor fails to fulfill the terms of their respective credit obligations hereunder.
Guarantor acknowledges that any credit reporting on the Loan shall be at the sole discretion of Lender (subject to applicable law) and
that Lender has the right to report the Loan to Guarantors personal credit file should Guarantor not pay any Obligation pursuant
to the Guaranty set forth in this Agreement.

22. FEES, EXPENSES AND COLLECTION
COSTS. To the extent not prohibited by applicable law, Borrower shall pay to Lender on demand any and all fees, expenses and
costs incurred by Lender in enforcing the terms of this Agreement or pursuing Lenders remedies provided herein or under
applicable law, including, but not limited to, collection costs, all attorneys fees and expenses, and all other expenses of
like or unlike nature which may be expended by Lender to obtain or enforce payment of Obligations either as against Borrower, any
Guarantor, or any other guarantor or surety of Borrower, or in the prosecution or defense of any action or concerning any matter
arising out of or connected with the subject matter of this Agreement, the Obligations or the Collateral or any of Lenders
rights or interests therein or thereto, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any attorneys fees or
expenses incurred in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings and all costs and expenses (including search fees) incurred or paid by
Lender in connection with the administration, supervision, protection or realization on the Collateral, whether such security was
granted by Borrower, a Secured Guarantor, or by any other Person primarily or secondarily liable (with or without recourse) with
respect to the Obligations, and all costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with the defense, settlement or satisfaction
of any action, claim or demand asserted against Lender in connection therewith, which amounts shall be considered advances to
protect Lenders security, and shall be secured hereby. To the extent permitted by applicable law, all of the expenses and
costs contemplated in this Section shall become a part of the Obligations and, at Lenders option, shall: (a) be
payable on demand; (b) be added to the balance of the Loan and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment payments to
become due during the remaining term of the Loan; or (c) be treated as a balloon payment that will be due and payable at the
Loans maturity. Such rights shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon an
Event of Default.

23. BORROWERS REPORTS.
Promptly upon Lenders written request, Borrower and each Guarantor shall provide Lender with such information about the financial
condition and operations of Borrower or any Guarantor, as Lender may, from time to time, reasonably request. Borrower also shall promptly
upon becoming aware of any Event of Default, or the occurrence or existence of an event which, with the passage of time or the giving
of notice or both, would constitute an Event of Default hereunder, to promptly provide notice thereof to Lender in writing.

24. TELEPHONE
COMMUNICATIONS. Borrower and each Guarantor hereby expressly consents to receiving calls and messages, including auto-dialed and pre-recorded
message calls and SMS messages (including text messages) from Lender, its affiliates, marketing partners, agents, representatives, and
any others calling at Lenders request or on its behalf, at any telephone numbers that Borrower and/or the Guarantors have provided
or may provide in the future or otherwise in Lenders possession (including any cellular or mobile telephone numbers). Borrower
and each Guarantor agree that such communications may be initiated using an automated telephone dialing system. Borrower and each Guarantor
agree that he, she or it is responsible for any fees or charges associated therewith from their wireless carrier.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 12

25. INDEMNIFICATION.
Except for Lenders gross negligence or willful misconduct, Borrower and each Guarantor shall indemnify and hold Lender harmless
from all losses, costs, damage, liabilities or expenses (including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees
and expenses) that Lender may sustain or incur by reason of it (a) defending or protecting Lenders security interests contemplated
in this Agreement, or the priority thereof; (b) enforcing the Obligations; (c) the prosecution or defense of any action or proceeding
concerning any matter arising out of or in connection with this Agreement and/or any other documents now or hereafter executed in connection
with this Agreement and/or the Obligations and/or the Collateral. This indemnity shall survive the complete repayment and performance
of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

With respect to any Borrower and each Guarantor
residing or incorporated in California, Borrower and each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that all their rights that may relate to the
release and waiver of claims contemplated by this Agreement under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, as amended, are expressly
waived. Section 1542 of the California Civil Code provides as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT
THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF
KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

Borrower and each Guarantor waives any right which
it has or may have under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, as amended, to the fullest extent that Borrower and the Guarantors
may lawfully waive such rights pertaining to the release of the claims contemplated by Agreement.

26. MERGERS, CONSOLIDATIONS OR SALES. No Borrower,
Guarantor or any grantor of any Collateral shall (a) merge or consolidate with or into any other Person or business entity or (b)
enter into any joint venture or partnership with any other Person, firm, corporation, or other entity. Borrower further agrees not
to alter its ownership without prior written permission from Lender.

27. CHANGE IN LEGAL STATUS. Without
Lenders consent, no Borrower or Secured Guarantor shall (a) change its name, its place of business or, if more than one,
chief executive office, its mailing address, or organizational identification number if it has one, or (b) change its type of
organization, jurisdiction of organization or other legal structure. If Borrower or any Secured Guarantor does not have an
organizational identification number and later obtains one, Borrower or such Secured Guarantor, as applicable, shall promptly notify
Lender of such taxpayer identification number.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 13

28. DEFAULT. The
occurrence of any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall constitute, without
notice or demand, a default under this Agreement and all other agreements between Lender and Borrower, or any Guarantor or grantor
of any Collateral, whether such agreements, instruments, or papers now exist or hereafter arise: (a) Lender is unable to collect any
Automatic Payment Plan payment on two consecutive dates due and/or, Borrower fails to pay any Obligations on three (3) consecutive
dates when payments are due daily or one (1) payment during any monthly period if payments are due and payable monthly; (b) Borrower
fails to comply with, promptly, punctually and faithfully, to perform or observe any term, condition or promise within this
Agreement; (c) the determination by Lender that any representation or warranty heretofore, now or hereafter made by Borrower or any
Secured Guarantor to Lender, in any documents, instrument, agreement, application or paper was not true or accurate when given; (d)
the occurrence of any event such that any indebtedness of Borrower owed to any lender other than Lender could potentially be
accelerated, irrespective of whether such acceleration has taken place; (e) the occurrence of any event that would cause a
lien creditor, as that term is defined in Section 9a102 of the UCC (other than Lender) to obtain higher
priority in any of the Collateral over Lenders security interest created by this Agreement; (f) a filing against or relating
to Borrower (unless consented to in writing by Lender) of (i) a federal tax lien in favor of the United States of America or any
political subdivision of the United States of America, or (ii) a state tax lien in favor of any state of the United States of
America or any political subdivision of any such state; (g) the occurrence of any event of default under any other agreement between
Lender and Borrower, whether such agreement, instrument, or paper now exists or hereafter arises (notwithstanding that Lender may
not have exercised its rights upon default under any such other agreement, instrument or paper); (h) any act by, against, or
relating to Borrower or Guarantor, or any of their property or assets, whereby such act constitutes the application for, consent to,
or sufferance of the appointment of a receiver, trustee or other person, pursuant to court action or otherwise, over all, or any
part of any of the Collateral; (i) the granting of any trust mortgage or execution of an assignment for the benefit of the creditors
of Borrower or any Guarantor, or the occurrence of any other voluntary or involuntary liquidation or extension of debt agreement for
Borrower or any Guarantor; (j) the failure by Borrower or any Guarantor to generally pay the debts of Borrower or Guarantor as they
mature; (k) adjudication of bankruptcy or insolvency relative to Borrower or any Guarantor; (l) the entry of an order for relief or
similar order with respect to Borrower or any Guarantor in any proceeding pursuant to Title 11 of the United States Code entitled
Bankruptcy (the Bankruptcy Code) or any other federal bankruptcy law; (m) the filing of any
complaint, application or petition by or against Borrower or any Guarantor initiating any matter in which Borrower or any Guarantor
is or may be granted any relief from the debts of Borrower or any Guarantor pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or any other insolvency
statute or procedure; (n) the calling or sufferance of a meeting of creditors of Borrower or any Guarantor; (o) the meeting by
Borrower or any Guarantor with a formal or informal creditors committee; (p) the offering by or entering into by Borrower or
any Guarantor of any composition, extension or any other arrangement seeking relief or extension for the debts of Borrower, or the
initiation of any other judicial or non- judicial proceeding or agreement by, against or including Borrower or any Guarantor that
seeks or intends to accomplish a reorganization or arrangement with creditors; (q) the entry of any judgment against Borrower, which
judgment is not satisfied or appealed from (with execution or similar process stayed) within 15 days of its entry; (r) the
occurrence of any event or circumstance with respect to Borrower or any Guarantor or grantor of Collateral such that Lender shall
believe in good faith that the prospect of payment of all or any part of the Obligations or the performance by Borrower under this
Agreement or any other agreement between Lender and Borrower is impaired or there shall occur any material adverse change in the
business or financial condition of Borrower (such event specifically includes, but is not limited to, taking additional financing
from a credit card advance, cash advance company or an additional working capital loan without the prior written consent of Lender);
(s) the entry of any court order that enjoins, restrains or in any way prevents Borrower from conducting all or any part of its
business affairs in the ordinary course of business; (t) the occurrence of any uninsured loss, theft, damage or destruction to any
material asset(s) of Borrower or any Secured Guarantor; (u) any act by or against, or relating to Borrower, a Secured Guarantor or
any of their assets pursuant to which any creditor of Borrower or a Secured Guarantor seeks to reclaim or repossess or reclaims or
repossesses all or a portion of Borrowers or a Secured Guarantors assets; (v) the termination of existence,
dissolution or liquidation of Borrower or any Secured Guarantor or the ceasing to carry on actively any substantial part of
Borrowers or any Secured Guarantors current business; (w) this Agreement shall, at any time after its execution and
delivery and for any reason, cease to be in full force and effect or shall be declared null and void, or the validity or
enforceability hereof shall be contested by Borrower or any Guarantor denies it has any further liability or obligation hereunder;
(x) any guarantor or person signing a support agreement in favor of Lender (including without limit the Guarantor(s) and the
Guaranty) shall repudiate, purport to revoke or fail to perform his, her, or its obligations under his, her or its guaranty or
support agreement in favor of Lender, or any such guarantor either die or dissolve (as applicable); (y) any material change occurs
in Borrowers or any Secured Guarantors ownership or organizational structure (acknowledging that any change in
ownership will be deemed material when ownership is closely held); (z) if Borrower or any Guarantor or grantor of Collateral is a
sole proprietorship, the owner dies; if Borrower or any Guarantor or grantor of Collateral is a trust, a trustor dies; if Borrower
or any Guarantor or grantor of Collateral is a partnership, any general or managing partner dies or dissolves; if Borrower or any
Guarantor or grantor of Collateral is a corporation, any principal officer or 10% or greater shareholder dies; if Borrower or any
Guarantor or grantor of Collateral is a limited liability company, any managing member dies or dissolves; if Borrower or any
Guarantor or grantor of Collateral is any other form of business entity, any Person(s) directly or indirectly controlling 10% or
more of the ownership interests of such entity dies or dissolves; (aa) Borrower terminates the Authorization Agreement in accordance
with its terms and another agreement is not immediately and in no less than two (2) days put in place in a form and substance
satisfactory to Lender.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 14

29.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT. Unless prohibited by applicable
law, if an Event of Default occurs under this Agreement, then at any time thereafter, Lender may exercise any one or more of the following
rights and remedies:

A. Refrain
from Disbursing Loan Proceeds: Refrain from making an Advance of Borrowers Loan proceeds to the Designated Checking Account.

B. Debit
Amounts Due from Borrowers Account: Debit from Borrowers Designated Checking Account all Automatic Payment Plan payments
that Lender was unable to collect and/or the amount of any other Obligations that Borrower failed to pay.

C. Accelerate
Indebtedness: Declare the entire Obligations immediately due and payable, without notice to Borrower.

D. Assemble
Collateral: Require Borrower and/or any Guarantor to deliver to Lender all or any portion of the Collateral and any and all certificates
of title and other documents relating to the Collateral. Lender may require Borrower and/or any Guarantor to assemble the Collateral and
make it available to Lender at a place to be designated by Lender. Except as limited or prohibited under applicable law, Lender also shall
have full power to enter upon the property of Borrower and/or any Guarantor to take possession of and remove the Collateral. If the Collateral
contains other goods not covered by this Agreement at the time of repossession, Borrower and/or each Guarantor agrees Lender may take
such other goods, provided that Lender makes reasonable efforts to return them to Borrower and/or Guarantor after such repossession.

E. Sell the Collateral:
Have full power to sell, lease, transfer, or otherwise deal with the Collateral or proceeds thereof in Lenders own name or that
of Borrower and/or any Secured Guarantor. Lender may sell the Collateral at public auction or private sale. Unless the Collateral threatens
to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, Lender shall give Borrower, each Secured Guarantor
and other Persons as required by law, reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale, or the time after which any private
sale or any other disposition of the Collateral is to be made. However, no notice need be provided to any Person who, after an Event
of Default occurs, enters into and authenticates an agreement waiving that persons right to notification of sale. The requirements
of reasonable notice shall be met if such notice is given at least ten (10) days before the time of the sale or disposition. All expenses
relating to the disposition of the Collateral, including without limit the expenses, costs and fees (including third-party costs and
fees payable by Lender) of retaking, holding, insuring, preparing for sale and selling the Collateral, shall become a part of the Obligations
secured by this Agreement. To the extent permitted by applicable law, all such expenses will become a part of the Obligations and, at
Lenders option, will: (a) be payable on demand; (b) be added to the balance of the Loan and be apportioned among and be payable
with any installment payments to become due during the remaining term of the Loan; or (c) be treated as a balloon payment that will be
due and payable at the Loans maturity.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 15

F. Appoint Receiver:
Have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part of the Collateral, with the power to protect and preserve the Collateral,
to operate the Collateral preceding foreclosure or sale, and to collect the rents from the Collateral and apply the proceeds, over and
above the cost of the receivership, against the Obligations. The receiver may serve without bond if permitted by applicable law. Lenders
right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Collateral exceeds the Obligations by a substantial
amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a Person from serving as a receiver.

G. Collect
Revenues, Apply Accounts: Lender, either by itself or through a receiver, may collect the payments, rents, income, and revenues
from the Collateral. Lender may at any time in Lenders discretion transfer any Collateral into Lenders own name or
that of Lenders nominee and receive the payments, rents, income and revenues therefrom and hold the same as security for the
Obligations or apply it to payment of the Obligations in such order of preference as Lender may determine. Insofar as the Collateral
consists of accounts, general intangibles, insurance policies, instruments, chattel paper, choses in action, or similar property,
Lender may demand, collect, receipt for, settle, compromise, adjust, sue for, foreclose or realize on the Collateral as Lender may
determine, whether or not any amount included within the Obligations is then due. For these purposes, Lender may, on behalf of and
in the name of Borrower and/or any Guarantor, receive, open and dispose of mail addressed to Borrower or the Secured Guarantor;
change any address to which mail and payments are to be sent; and endorse notes, checks, drafts, money orders, documents of title,
instruments and items pertaining to payment, shipment or storage of any Collateral. To facilitate collections, Lender may notify
account debtors and obligors on any Collateral to make payments directly to Lender or its designee.

H. Obtain
Deficiency: If Lender chooses to sell any or all of the Collateral, Lender may obtain a judgment against Borrower and/or any Guarantor
for any deficiency remaining on the Obligations due to Lender after application of all amounts received from the exercise of the rights
provided in this Agreement. Borrower and/or Guarantor shall be liable for a deficiency even if the transaction described in this subsection
is a sale of accounts or chattel paper.

I. Other
Rights and Remedies: Lender shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured creditor under the provisions of the UCC, as may be
amended from time to time. In addition, Lender shall have and may exercise any or all other rights and remedies it may have available
at law, in equity or otherwise.

J. Election
of Remedies: Except as may be prohibited by applicable law, all of Lenders rights and remedies, whether evidenced by this Agreement,
any related documents, or by any other writing, shall be cumulative and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. Election by Lender
to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make expenditures or to take action to perform
an obligation of Borrower under the Agreement, after Borrowers failure to perform, shall not affect Lenders right to declare
a default and exercise its remedies.

30.
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION AND VENUE. Borrower, each Guarantor, and Lender each consent to and agree that venue for all
actions arising from or related to this Agreement or the Loan shall be in the Utah State District Court in and for Salt Lake County,
State of Utah. The parties hereto waive any objection which either may have based on lack of jurisdiction or improper venue or forum
non conveniens to any suit or proceeding instituted by either party under this Agreement in any state or federal court with jurisdiction
over Salt Lake County, State of Utah, and consent to the granting of such legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such
court.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 16

31. NO
WAIVER BY LENDER. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any rights under this Agreement, any related guaranty
(including without limit the Guaranty) or applicable law shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. Waiver on any
one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to or waiver of any right or remedy on any future occasion. All Lenders rights
and remedies, whether evidenced hereby or by any other agreement, instrument or paper, shall be cumulative and may be exercised
singularly or concurrently.

32. ASSIGNMENT.
This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto; provided, however,
that Borrower and each Guarantor may not assign this Agreement or any rights or duties hereunder without Lenders prior written
consent and any such assignment without Lenders written consent shall be absolutely null and void. Lenders consent to an
assignment by Borrower shall not release Borrower or any Guarantor from its Obligations. Lender may assign this Agreement and its rights
and duties hereunder and no consent or approval by Borrower is required in connection with any such assignment. Lender reserves the right
to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate, or grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in Lenders rights and benefits
hereunder. In connection with any assignment or participation, Lender may disclose all documents and information that Lender now or hereafter
may have relating to Borrower or Borrowers business. To the extent that Lender assigns its rights and obligations hereunder to
another party, Lender thereafter shall be released from such assigned obligations to Borrower and such assignment shall e ffect a novation
between Borrower and such other party. Maximcash Solutions LLC (in its capacity as Servicer) or a successor servicer (if any) shall, acting
solely for this purpose as a non- fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain at one of its offices in the United States a copy of each assignment
agreement delivered to it with respect to this Loan and a register for the recordation of the name of each assignee of this Loan, and
principal and interest amount of this Loan owing to, such assignee pursuant to the terms hereof. The entries in such register shall be
conclusive, and Borrower, Lender and each such assignee may treat each person whose name is recorded therein pursuant to the terms hereof
as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The register maintained
for this Loan shall be available for inspection by Borrower and any such assignee of this Loan, at any reasonable time upon reasonable
prior notice to [Maximcash Solutions LLC] (in its capacity as Servicer) or the applicable successor servicer (if any). This Section
shall be construed so that this Loan is at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f),
871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code and any related Treasury regulations (or any other relevant or successor provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code or of such Treasury regulations).

33. INTERPRETATION.
Paragraph and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation
of this Agreement. Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed or resolved against Lender or Borrower,
whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, this Agreement has been reviewed by all parties hereto, having
had the opportunity to consult legal counsel, and shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used
so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of all parties hereto.

34. SEVERABILITY.
If one or more provisions of this Agreement (or the application thereof) is determined invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect
in any jurisdiction, the same shall not invalidate or render illegal or unenforceable such provision (or its application) in any other
jurisdiction or any other provision of this Agreement (or its application).

35. NOTICES.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, notice under this Agreement must be in writing. Notice to Lender shall be deemed received
by Lender at the address sent forth on the first page of this Agreement by U.S. mail, postage prepaid, first-class mail; in person; by
registered mail; by certified mail; by nationally recognized overnight courier; or when sent by electronic mail. Any notice directed to
a party to this Agreement shall become effective upon the earliest of the following: (a) actual receipt by that party; (b) delivery on
a business day to the designated address of that party, addressed to that party; (c) if given by postage prepaid and registered or certified,
return receipt requested, three (3) days after deposit with the United States Postal Service, postage prepaid and registered or certified,
return receipt requested, addressed to that party at its designated address; or (d) electronic mail address in Lenders records.
The designated address of a party described in the beginning of this Agreement shall be the address of that party, or such other address
as that party, from time to time, may specify by notice to the other parties.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 17

36.
RECORDKEEPING AND AUDIT REQUIREMENTS. Lender shall have no obligation to
maintain any electronic records or any documents, schedules, invoices or any other paper delivered to Lender by Borrower in connection
with this Agreement or any other agreement other than as required by applicable law. Borrower shall at all times keep accurate and complete
records of Borrowers financial records, accounts, and Collateral. At Lenders request, Borrower shall deliver to Lender:
(a) schedules of accounts and general intangibles; and (b) such other information regarding the Collateral as Lender shall request. Lender,
or any of its agents or representatives, shall have the right to call any telephone numbers that Borrower has provided or may provide
in the future or otherwise in the Lenders possession (including any cellular or mobile telephone numbers), at intervals to be
determined by Lender, and without hindrance or delay, to inspect, audit, check, and make extracts from any copies of the books, records,
journals, orders, receipts, correspondence that relate to Borrowers Collateral or other transactions between the parties thereto
and the general financial condition of Borrower and Lender may remove any of such records temporarily for the purpose of having copies
made thereof. If Borrower was referred to Lender for this Loan by a third party, then Borrower consents to Lender sharing certain reasonable
information about Borrower with such referring party for the purpose of such referring party verifying and/or auditing loans made through
such referring partys referrals.

37. GOVERNING
LAW. The relationship between Borrower, Lender, and any Guarantor, and any claim, dispute or controversy (whether in contract,
tort, or otherwise) at any time arising from or relating to this Agreement is governed by, and this Agreement will be construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Utah without regard to internal principles of conflict of laws. The legality,
enforceability and interpretation of this Agreement and the amounts contracted for, charged, and reserved under this Agreement will
be governed by such laws. Borrower understands and agrees that (a) Lender is located in Utah, (b) Lender makes all credit decisions
from Lenders office in Utah, (c) the Loan is made in Utah (that is, no binding contract will be formed until Lender receives
and accepts Borrowers signed Agreement in Utah) and (d) Borrowers payments are not accepted until received by Lender
in Utah.

38. WAIVER
OF NOTICES AND OTHER TERMS.Except for any notices provided for in this Agreement,
Borrower and any person who has obligations pursuant to this Agreement (e.g., each Guarantor), to the extent not prohibited
by applicable law, hereby waives demand, notice of nonpayment, notice of intention to accelerate, notice of acceleration,
presentment, protest, notice of dishonor and notice of protest. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower, each Guarantor,
and any other Person who has obligations pursuant to this Agreement also agrees to the following: (a) Lender is not required to file
suit or show diligence in collecting the Obligations against Borrower, any Guarantor or any other Person who has obligations
pursuant to this Agreement, and Lender is not required to proceed against any specific Collateral at any specific time; (b) Lender
may, but shall not be obligated to, substitute, exchange or release any Collateral; (c) Lender may release any Collateral, or fail
to realize upon or perfect Lenders security interest in any Collateral; (d) Lender may, but will not be obligated to, sue one
or more Persons without joining or suing others; and (e) Lender may modify, renew, or extend this Agreement (repeatedly and for any
length of time) without notice to or approval by any Person who has obligations pursuant to this Agreement (other than the party
with whom the modification, renewal or extension is made). In connection with such amendment, modification or renewal, Lender may
require that Borrower and Guarantor each execute an Amendment and Modification Agreement to the Business Loan and Security
Agreement, in the form to be provided by Lender.

39.
MONITORING, RECORDING AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS. To ensure a
high quality of service for Lenders customers, Borrower acknowledges and agrees that Lender may (a) monitor and/or record telephone
calls between Borrower and Lenders employees, representatives or agents, and (b) communicate with Borrower electronically by e-mail.

40. JURY
TRIAL WAIVER AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER, EACH GUARANTOR AND LENDER WAIVE
THEIR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE AGREEMENT AND ALL OTHER
DOCUMENTATION EVIDENCING THE OBLIGATIONS, IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING. ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY
COURT SITTING WITHOUT A JURY. 

IF PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE IN ANY COURT PROCEEDING ANY
CLAIM BY EITHER PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE LOAN AS A CLASS ACTION, EITHER AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS
OR AS A REPRESENTATIVE, OR TO ACT AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY IN GENERAL. THIS PROVISION SHALL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION, AMENDMENT OR
EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE LOAN, OR ANY OTHER RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES.

41. CONFIDENTIALITY.
Borrower and each Guarantor shall not make, publish or otherwise disseminate in any manner a copy of this Agreement or make any
public statement or description of the terms of this Agreement, except to (a) Borrowers or any Guarantors subsidiaries
or affiliates, or potential investors in Lender or Lenders subsidiaries, affiliates or related funds, and their respective
employees, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors (collectively, Representatives);
(b) to prospective transferees, assignees, credit providers or purchasers of Lenders interests under or in connection with
this Agreement or any transactions contemplated hereby; (c) as required by law, regulation, subpoena, or other order; (d) to
Lenders, Guarantors, Borrowers or Lenders, Guarantors or Borrowers subsidiaries or
affiliates regulators or as otherwise required or requested in connection with Lenders, Guarantors, Borrowers
or any subsidiary of Borrowers financial examination or audit; (e) in connection with the exercise of remedies under the
Agreement or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; and (f) to
third- party service providers of Lender.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 18

42. ENTIRE
AGREEMENT. This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior
written or verbal communications or instruments relating thereto.

43.
COUNTERPARTS; ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES. This Agreement and any
amendment hereof may be executed in several counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart, each of which when so executed
and delivered shall be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one (1) instrument. In proving this Agreement, it shall
not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought. All
parties to this Agreement agree that Lender may (but shall have no obligation to) accept any signature, contract formation or record-
keeping through electronic means, which shall have the same legal validity and enforceability as manual or paper-based methods, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the Utah
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or any similar state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Signatures and/or initials
made through DocuSign or similar technologies shall be deemed of acceptable form for manifesting such partys affirmative assent.

44.
CUSTOMER SERVICE CONTACT INFORMATION. If you have questions
or comments about your Loan, you may contact us at the address on the first page of this Agreement.

45. THE
GUARANTY. Each Guarantor, including each Secured Guarantor, jointly and severally (if more than one), absolutely and
unconditionally guarantee the prompt payment and performance to Lender (including its successors and assignees) of any and all
Obligations incurred by Borrower (the Guaranty). Each Guarantor shall repay the Obligations on Lenders
demand, without requiring Lender to first to enforce or pursue of the Obligations payment against Borrower or any specific Guarantor
if more than one. The Guaranty is a guarantee of payment and not of collection. The Guaranty is an absolute, unconditional, primary,
and continuing obligation for each Guarantor, and will remain in full force and effect until the first to occur of the following:
all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full, and Lender has expressly terminated this Guaranty writing.
E ach Guarantor represents and warrants that (a) it is a legal resident of the United States of America, or if a non-natural Person
an entity formed, incorporated or organized in the United States of America, and (b) neither Borrower, nor itself as Guarantor,
intends to file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within 6 months of
the date hereof. Each Guarantor waives all notices to which the Guarantor might otherwise be entitled to by applicable law, and each
Guarantor also waives all defenses, legal or equitable, otherwise available to such Guarantor. This Guaranty shall be construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, and shall inure to the benefit of Lender, its successors and assigns. In accordance
with Section 40 and to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, each of the undersigned Guarantors waives its right to a
trial by jury of any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to this Guaranty, the Agreement and all other
documentation evidencing the Obligations, in any and all legal actions or proceedings. For each Guarantor that resides in a
community property state, including, without limitation Arizona, California, Idaho, Louisiana, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, Washington
and Wisconsin, or as otherwise requested by Lender, the spouse of such Guarantor shall execute and agree to the Spousal Consent to
Loan, attached as Exhibit B. So long as any of the Obligations remain unpaid or undischarged or Lender has any obligation to
make the Loan, (i) Guarantor will not, by paying any sum recoverable hereunder (whether or not demanded by Lender) or by any means
or on any other ground, claim any set off or counterclaim against Borrower in respect of any liability of Guarantor to Borrower, or
(ii) in proceedings under federal bankruptcy law or insolvency proceedings of any nature, prove in competition with Lender in
respect of any payment hereunder, or be entitled to have the benefit of, any counterclaim or proof of claim or dividend or payment
by or on behalf of Borrower or the benefit of any other security for any of the Obligations which, now or hereafter, Lender may hold
or in which it may have any share. Each Guarantor hereby expressly waives any right of contribution or reimbursement from or
indemnity against Borrower or any other guarantor, whether at law or in equity, arising from any payments made by any Guarantor, and
each Guarantor acknowledges that each Guarantor has no right whatsoever to proceed against Borrower or any other guarantor for
reimbursement of any such payments for so long as any of the Obligations remain unpaid or undischarged or Lender has any obligation
to make the Loan. In the event any Guarantor shall receive any payment under or on account of such rights while any of the
Obligations are outstanding, it shall hold such payment as trustee for Lender, to be paid over to Lender on account of the
Obligations but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of Guarantor under the provisions of this Agreement,
except to the extent the principal amount or other portion of such outstanding Obligations shall have been reduced by such
payment.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 19

46. CERTIFICATION
AND SIGNATURES. By executing this Agreement or authorizing the individual signing or affirming below to execute on its behalf,
Borrower and each Guarantor certifies that Borrower and each Guarantor has received a copy of this Agreement and Borrower and each
Guarantor has read, understood and agreed to be bound by the Agreements terms. Each Person signing or affirming below
certifies that each Person is signing on behalf of the Borrower, the Guarantor(s), and/or in their individual capacity as indicated
in the Signature Page for Borrower and each Guarantor (and if Borrower is a sole proprietorship, in the capacity of the owner of
such sole proprietorship), and each individual executing this Agreement is authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of
Borrower and each Guarantor (as applicable). Use of Proceeds Certification: As referred to in Section 3 , by signing
or affirming below, the Borrower certifies, acknowledges and understands that the Loan proceeds shall be used solely for purchasing
or acquiring specific products or services, for the following purposes only: (a) specified merchandise, (b) insurance (but not
self-insurance programs), (c) services or equipment, (d) inventory or other specified goods, (e) loans to finance specified sales
transactions, (f) public works projects or educational services (e.g., training) and (g) other general working capital needs of the
business of the Borrower. The Loan shall not be used for personal, family, household or agricultural purposes.

47. CONFESSIONS
OF JUDGMENT. Borrower and Guarantor(s) shall, upon execution of this Agreement, deliver to Lender an executed stipulation and
confession of judgment (Stipulation and Confession of Judgment) in favor of Lender in the amount of the Total
Repayment Amount of the Loan. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Borrower and each Guarantor consent to the filing of the
Stipulation and Confession of Judgment in any court in the State of Utah, and Borrower and each Guarantor further consent to the
entering, docketing, or domestication of any such judgment arising from or related to the Stipulation and Confession of Judgment in
any court in the State of Utah or any other court (state or federal) for the purpose of collecting any such judgment.

48. PATRIOT
Act. To the undersigneds knowledge, neither Borrower nor any Guarantor nor any of its respective constituents or
affiliates, is in violation of any laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including without limitation, Executive Order No.
13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, and relating to Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With
Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism, (as the same has been, or may hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended
or replaced, the Executive Order) and the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq.), as
amended by the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of
2001 (Public Law 107-56, as the same has been, or may hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced, the PATRIOT
Act). As used herein, Anti- Terrorism Laws means any laws relating to terrorism or money laundering,
including the Executive Order, the PATRIOT Act, the laws comprising or implementing the Bank Secrecy Act, and the laws administered
by the United States Treasury Departments Office of Foreign Asset Control (as any of the foregoing laws may from time to time
be renewed, extended, amended, or replaced).

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 20

AUTHORIZATION AGREEMENT FOR
DIRECT DEPOSIT (ACH CREDIT) AND DIRECT PAYMENTS (ACH DEBIT)

This Authorization Agreement
for Direct Deposit (ACH Credit) and Direct Payments (ACH Debits) (Authorization Agreement) is part of (and incorporated
by reference into) the Business Loan and Security Agreement (Loan Agreement). Borrower should keep this important legal
document for Borrowers records. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the Loan
Agreement.

ADVANCE OF LOAN PROCEEDS.
By executing this Authorization Agreement, Borrower authorizes Lender to disburse the Loan proceeds less the amount of any applicable
fees upon Lender approving the Loan by Lender initiating an ACH credit, wire transfer or similar means to the checking account indicated
on Exhibit A hereto (or a substitute checking account Borrower later identifies and is acceptable to Lender, hereinafter referred
to as the Designated Checking Account) in the Advance Amount set forth in the Agreement. This authorization is to
remain in full force and effect until Lender has received written notification from Borrower of its termination of this Authorization
Agreement in such time and in such manner as to afford Lender and Borrowers depository bank a reasonable opportunity to act on
it, which in no event will be less than five (5) Business Days.

AUTOMATIC PAYMENT PLAN. Enrollment
in Lenders Automatic Payment Plan (defined below) is required for Loan approval. By executing this Authorization Agreement, Borrower
agrees to, and hereby, enrolls in an automatic payment plan and authorizes Lender to collect payments required under the terms of the
Loan Agreement by initiating ACH debit entries to the Designated Checking Account in the amounts and on the dates provided in the Payment
Schedule set forth in the attached Exhibit A (the Automatic Payment Plan). Borrower authorizes Lender to increase
the amount of any scheduled ACH debit entry or assess multiple ACH debits in an amount equal to the total amount of previously scheduled
payment(s) (as scheduled in the Payment Schedule) that was not paid inclusive of any and all unpaid Fees. This authorization is to remain
in full force and effect until Lender has received written notification from Borrower of its termination of this Authorization Agreement
in such time and in such manner as to afford Lender and Borrowers depository bank a reasonable opportunity to act on it, which
in no event will be less than five (5) Business Days. Lender may suspend or terminate Borrowers enrollment in the Automatic Payment
Plan immediately if Borrower fails to keep Borrowers Designated Checking Account in good standing or if there are insufficient
funds in Borrowers Designated Checking Account to process any payment (or if Lender is otherwise unable to collect any amounts
by ACH debit owed to Lender under the Loan or under any other loan or extension of credit by Lender to Borrower). If Borrower revokes
the authorization contemplated in this Authorization Agreement or Lender suspends or terminates Borrowers enrollment in the Automatic
Payment Plan, then Borrower shall still be responsible for making timely payments of the Loan pursuant to the alternative payment methods
described in Section 6 of the Loan Agreement.

Provisional Payment. Any
credit given by us to you with respect to an automated clearing house (ACH) credit entry is provisional until we
receive final settlement for such entry through a Federal Reserve Bank. If we do not receive such final settlement, you are hereby notified
and agree that you shall refund Lender in an amount equal to the amount credited to you in connection with such entry, and the underlying
originator of such entry shall not be deemed to have paid you in the amount of such entry.

Notice of Receipt of Entry.
Under the operating rules of the National Automated Clearing House Association, which are applicable to ACH transactions involving your
Designated Checking Account, we are not required to give next day notice to you of Lenders receipt of an ACH item and we will not
do so. However, we will continue to notify you of the receipt of payments in the periodic statement we provide to you.

BUSINESS PURPOSE ACCOUNT. By
executing this Authorization Agreement, Borrower agrees and certifies that the Designated Checking Account was established for business
purposes and not primarily for personal, family or household purposes.

ACCOUNT CHANGES. Borrower
shall promptly notify Lender in writing if there are any changes to the account and routing numbers of the Designated Checking Account.

MISCELLANEOUS. Lender is
not responsible for any fees charged by Borrowers bank as the result of credits or debits initiated under the Loan Agreement or
this Authorization Agreement. The origination of ACH transactions to Borrowers account shall comply with the provisions of the
laws of the State of Utah. Borrower agrees to be bound by NACHA rules of the Electronic Payments Association. Borrower shall provide Lender
at all times, real time, view only access to any and all banking, accounting and inventory systems of Borrower, in each case in a form
and substance.

[Exhibit A Follows]

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 21

Exhibit A

AUTHORIZATION AGREEMENT FOR DIRECT
DEPOSIT (ACH CREDIT) AND DIRECT PAYMENTS (ACH DEBIT)

The following bank accounts are subject to the Authorization
Agreement:

Bank Account:

Bank Name: 

[XXXXXXXXXX]

Bank City and State: 

[XXXXXXXXXX]

Legal Title of Account: 

[XXXXXXXXXX]

Bank ABA#:

[XXXXXXXXXX]

Account Number: 

[XXXXXXXXXX]

Type of Account: 

[XXXXXXXXXX]

Bank Account: 

Bank Name: 

Bank City and State: 

Legal Title of Account: 

Bank ABA#: 

Account Number: 

Type of Account: 

Bank Account: 

Bank Name: 

Bank City and State: 

Legal Title of Account: 

Bank ABA#: 

Account Number: 

Type of Account: 

/s/
TIE (JAMES) LI 12/30/2024

Signature of Authorized Officer of Borrower Date

TIE
(JAMES) LI CEO

Printed Name of Signer Title of Signer

[XXXXXXXXXX] 

Tax ID of Borrower 

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 22

Stock Pledge

1. Pledge and Security Interest. Borrower hereby issues
and sells to Lender 311,000 shares of Borrowers Common Stock, par value $2.00 per share (the Pledge Shares),
and further grants to Lender, a continuing lien and security interest in favor of Lender (the Security Interest),
to secure the complete and timely payment, performance and discharge in full, as the case may be, of all of the obligations pursuant
to the Business loan and security agreement, the following (collectively, the Pledged Collateral):

(a) the Pledge Shares and all dividends, cash, instruments and other securities or property from time to
time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the Pledged Shares; and

(b) all proceeds of any and all of the foregoing Pledged Collateral, in whatever form (including, without
limitation, cash or stock dividends or other proceeds that constitute property of the types described above).

2. Security for Obligations. This Agreement secures the
payment and performance of the following obligations (collectively, the Obligations): all present and future indebtedness,
obligations, covenants, duties and liabilities of the Borrower to the Lender now existing or hereafter arising under or in connection
with this Agreement, the Notes, the Business loan and security Agreement and all agreements and documents executed and delivered in connection
therewith (collectively, the Transaction Documents).

3. Delivery of Pledged Collateral. (a) On or prior to
the date hereof, the Borrower shall deliver to the Lender in accordance with the delivery instructions as provided by the Lender in writing
for electronic deposit into its brokerage account (or electronically in the name of Lender as reflected by the transfer agent for the
sole benefit of Lender) , the Pledged Shares, in the name of the Lender, in electronic form, and other instruments of transfer and stock
powers endorsed in blank as necessary.

4. Dividends and Voting Rights. While the Pledged Collateral
remains in Escrow, Lender shall be and is hereby given, an irrevocable voting proxy and right to vote with respect to all Pledged Collateral
in such manner as the Lender desires.

5. Duly Issued Shares. The Escrow Shares, when deposited
into escrow herein, shall be deemed duly authorized, and validly issued, fully paid and non assessable. No further action shall be required
or necessary for the sale or transfer of the Pledged Collateral by Lender after receipt from Escrow.

6. Lenders Rights to Foreclose on Shares. In an
event of default under the Loan Agreement, Lender shall provide written notice to Borrower of said default, providing Borrower with two
(2) business days to repay the loan in full with all interest and penalties (if any), and further advising the Borrower that in the event
said Loan is not repaid and Event of Default is not cured in full, Lender shall have the absolute right, among other remedies at law
or in equity to enforce the Loan, to sell or encumber such shares and apply the proceeds thereof to the balance due on the Loan. In the
event that the sale of the Pledged Shares does not result in sufficient proceeds to repay the Loan obligations in full, then the Lender
shall provide an accounting of the sale price and proceeds thereof and balance due under the Loan and may continue further collection
remedies at law or in equity, including, without limitation, summary proceedings where the jurisdiction permits such proceedings. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the foregoing right to sell the Pledge Shares are not deemed a limitation of or selection of remedies and is without
prejudice or limitation to any other rights in enforcement of repayment of the Loan that the Lender may take until all obligations are
paid in full. Lender and its agents shall have no responsibility or requirement to hold or wait to sell the
Pledge Shares in anticipation of higher stock prices and is not and shall not be deemed a fiduciary of Borrower.

7. Representations and Warranties of Borrower. The Borrower
represents and warrants as follows:

(a) The
execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the exercise by the Agent or Lender of any of their rights and
remedies in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and applicable securities law will not contravene any law or any contractual restriction
binding on or affecting the Borrower or any of their properties.

(b) Borrower
is the legal, record and beneficial owner of the Pledged Collateral owned by such Borrower, free and clear of any lien, security interest,
restriction, option or other charge or encumbrance (collectively, Liens).

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 23

(c) The
pledge of the Pledged Collateral and the grant of the Security Interest pursuant to this Agreement create a valid and perfected first
priority security interest in the Pledged Collateral, securing payment and performance of the Obligations.

(d) No
consent of any other person or entity and no authorization, approval, or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental
authority or regulatory body is required (i) for the pledge by the Borrower of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to this Agreement or for
the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Borrower, (ii) for the perfection or maintenance of the security interest
created hereby, or (iii) for the exercise by the Agent of the voting or other rights provided for in this Agreement or the remedies in
respect of the Pledged Collateral pursuant to this Agreement (except as may be required in connection with any disposition of any portion
of the Pledged Collateral by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally).

(e) There
are no conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement or the irrevocable stock powers that have not been satisfied or waived.

(f) Except
for the filing of financing statements pursuant to the UCC with the proper filing and recording agencies in the relevant jurisdictions,
no authorization or approval of or filing with or notice to any governmental authority or regulatory body is required either (i) for the
grant by such Borrower of, or the effectiveness of, the Security Interest granted hereby or for the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement by such Borrower or (ii) for the perfection of or exercise by the Lender of their rights and remedies hereunder.

(g) Effective
on the date of execution of this Agreement, such Borrower hereby authorizes the Agent to file one or more financing statements under the
UCC with respect to the Security Interest with the proper filing and recording agencies in the relevant jurisdictions, and in such other
jurisdictions as may be requested by the Lender.

(h) Borrower
will not transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, assign, sell or other-wise dispose of any of the Pledged Collateral without the prior
written consent of the Lender.

(i) Borrower
shall promptly notify the Lender, in sufficient detail, upon becoming aware of any attachment, garnishment, execution or other legal process
levied against any Pledged Collateral and of any other information received by such Borrower that may materially affect the Security Interest
or the rights and remedies of the Lender hereunder.

(j) All
information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the Lender by or on behalf of such Borrower with respect to the Pledged Collateral
is accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date furnished.

8. Dividends and Voting Rights. While the Pledged Collateral
with Lender, the Lender shall be and is hereby given, an irrevocable voting proxy and right to vote with respect to all Pledged Collateral
in such manner as the Lender desires. Alternative is to give a proxy to Lender to vote all shares in accordance with all votes
cast at a meeting or by written consent, the key is you DONT want OUTSTANDING shares that dont vote and could result
in lack of quorum sometimes etc. ]

9. Lender Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. The Borrower hereby
appoints Lender as the Borrowers attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of the Borrowers and in the
name of the Borrower or otherwise, from time to time during the continuance of an Event of Default in the Lenders discretion to
take any action and to execute any instrument which the Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement,
including, without limitation, to receive, endorse and collect all instruments made payable to the Borrower representing any dividend,
stock dividend, distribution, right, interest payment or other distribution in respect of the Pledges Shares or any part thereof and
to give full discharge for the same (but the Agent shall not be obligated to and shall have no liability to the Borrower or any third
party for failure to do so or take action). Such appointment, being coupled with an interest, shall be irrevocable. The Borrower hereby
ratifies all that said attorneys shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

9. Lender May Perform. If the Borrower fails to perform
any agreement contained herein, the Lender may itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement, and the expenses of the Agent
and/or Lender incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by Borrower.

10. Continuing Security Interest; Termination. (a) This Agreement
shall create a continuing security interest in the Pledged Collateral and shall remain in full force and effect until the indefeasible
payment in full of the Obligations (the Termination Date). On the Termination Date (i) the security interest granted hereby
shall terminate and all rights to the Pledged Collateral shall revert to the Borrower provided that all Loan Obligations are paid and
discharged in full and (ii) the Agent shall deliver to the Borrower the Pledge Collateral, by returning the same to the Borrower for
Cancellation. Upon any such termination, the Lender shall at the Borrower expense, return, pro-rata, to the Borrower such of the
Pledged Collateral as shall not have been sold or otherwise applied pursuant to the terms hereof and execute and deliver to the Borrower
such documents as the Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 24

11. Duly Authorized. The Pledge Shares, when deposited into
escrow herein, shall be deemed duly authorized, and validly issued, fully paid and non assessable. No further action shall be required
or necessary for the sale or transfer of the Pledged Collateral by Lender after receipt from Escrow.

12. Registration.

(a) Mandatory
Registration. In an Event of Default (and without limitation to any other remedies available herein), and upon receiving demand for
registration by the Lender, the Borrower shall prepare and, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 30 days after said notice
of Event of Default (the Filing Deadline), file with the Securities & Exchange Commission (the Commission)
an initial Registration Statement on Form S-1, F-1, S-3 or F-3 (the Registration Statement), or such other form or forms
as may be reasonably acceptable to the Lender, covering the resale by the Lender or its assigns of all of the Escrow Shares, plus any
other shares or securities issued or distributed thereon or in exchange therefore (the Registerable Securities). The Registration
Statement shall register with the Commission for resale all of the Registrable Securities. The Lender shall have a reasonable opportunity
to review and comment upon such Registration Statement or amendment to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus prior to
its filing with the Commission. The Lender shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Borrower for inclusion therein. The
Borrower shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement or amendment declared effective by the Commission prior
to the date that is 60 days after the Filing Deadline (the Effectiveness Deadline). The Lender shall use reasonable best
efforts to keep the Registration Statement effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for sales
of all of the Registrable Securities at all times until the date as of which the Investor no longer owns any Registrable Securities (the
Registration Period). The Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained
therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary stated herein, in addition to any other remedies available at law or equity or as set forth in this Business Loan and
security Agreement or otherwise, if (i) the Borrower shall have failed to file the Registration Statement by the Filing Deadline or (ii)
the Registration Statement is not declared effective by the Effectiveness Deadline, in each case, for any reason or no reason, then the
Borrower shall pay to Lender or its designee liquidated damages in an amount equal to $1,000 for each day following the Filing Deadline
or Effectiveness Deadline, as applicable, until the Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission or the Registration Statement
has been declared effective, as applicable. The parties agree hereto that the foregoing penalty is a reasonable liquidated damages amount,
and further agree that it would be too difficult or costly or impractical to ascertain actual damages, and therefore, the Borrower has
consented to the payment of the foregoing liquidated damages, within 10 days of the date incurred. In the event that Lender is required
to enforce its rights hereunder, the Borrower waives any right to the posting of a bond, and further stipulates and agrees that it shall
reimburse the Lender any court or legal fees in connection therewith.

(b) Rule 424 Prospectus. The Borrower
shall, as required by applicable securities regulations, from time to time file with the Commission, pursuant to Rule 424
promulgated under the Securities Act, the prospectus, amendments and prospectus supplements, if any, to be used in connection with
offers and sales of the Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement.

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 25

(c) Piggyback
Registrations. Without limiting any of the Borrowers obligations hereunder or under the Business Loan Security Agreement,
if the Borrower shall determine at any time, (whether or not an Event of Default exists) to prepare and file with the Commission a registration
statement (or has begun to do so) relating to an offering for its own account or the account of others under the Securities Act of any
of its equity securities (other than on Form S-8 (as promulgated under the Securities Act) or its equivalent relating to equity securities
to be issued solely in connection with equity securities issuable in connection with the Borrowers option or other employee benefit
plans), then the Borrower shall deliver to the Lender a written notice of such determination and, if within five days after the date
of the delivery of such notice, the Lender shall so request in writing, the Borrower shall include in such registration statement all
or any part of such Registrable Securities the offer and sale of which the Lender requests to be registered. The Borrower agrees to register
the aforementioned 311,000 collateral shares under the current registration about to be filed as part of the extraneous convertible preferred
($33 Million) transaction.

Instructions for delivery of NMHI shares as collateral are to be delivery via DTC to:

311,000 shares

[XXXXXXXXXX]

[XXXXXXXXXX]

[XXXXXXXXXX]

[XXXXXXXXXX]

Schedule 1

Commercial Tort Claims

{NOTE: SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBE THE
CLAIM (I.E. PARTIES, DESCRIPTION OF THE DISPUTE, CASE NUMBER IF AVAILABLE) - SEE OFFICIAL COMMENT 5 TO SECTION 9-108 OF THE UCC}.

Description of Claim Parties Case Number; Name of Court where Case was Filed

Schedule 2

Liens

Loan # Borrower: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

Page 26

Signature
Page

The undersigned
hereby, as a duly and appointed authorized agent of Borrower and each Secured Guarantor, and in each signors capacity as a Guarantor,
affirm that each has read and understand the terms and conditions of, consent to and agree to be bound by, the attached Agreement and
the attached Authorization Agreement.

Borrower:
Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

/s/
TIE (JAMES) LI 12/30/2024

Signature of Authorized Officer of Borrower Date

TIE
(JAMES) LI CEO

Printed Name of Signer Title of Signer

88-3986430 

Tax ID of Borrower 

Guarantor:
Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

/s/
TIE (JAMES) LI 12/30/2024

Signature of Authorized Officer of Borrower Date

TIE
(JAMES) LI 

Printed Name of Signer 

Secured
Guarantor: Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

/s/
TIE (JAMES) LI 12/30/2024

Signature of Authorized Officer of Borrower Date

TIE
(JAMES) LI CEO

Printed Name of Signer Title of Signer

Tax ID of Borrower 

[Notary
Page Follows]

For
Lenders Use Only: This Agreement has been received and accepted by Lender in Utah after being signed by Borrower and any Guarantor(s)
(including any Secured Guarantor(s)).

Lender:
MAXIMCASH SOLUUTIONS LLC

/s/
Stephen P Cherner 12/30/2024

Signature of Authorized Officer of Lender Date

Stephen
P Cherner Ceo

Printed Name of Signer Title of Signer

Loan
# Borrower: Natures Miracle
Holding, Inc

Page 27
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022681501ex10-2_natures.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EARLY DISCOUNT ADDENDUM TO BUSINESS LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EARLY
DISCOUNT ADDENDUM

This
addendum is made as of December 26th 2024 (the Addendum) to the Business Loan and Security Agreement between
Maximcash Solutions LLC (the Lender) and Natures Miracle Holding, Inc et/al see addendum the Borrower)
dated December 26th 2024 (the Agreement).

Lender
and Borrower are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the Parties and each as a Party.

Whereas,
the Parties desire to add certain terms to the Agreement.

In
consideration of the above promises, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound,do hereby agree and add terms to the Agreement as follows:

Notwithstanding
the prepayment terms set forth in Section 9 of the Agreement, the Total Repayment Amount shall be defined as: $349,875.00 if Borrower
delivers the Total Repayment Amount within 90 calendar days of the Disbursement Amount being paid by Lender. If the Total Repayment Amount
reduced and paid pursuant to this Addendum, the prepayment discount set forth in Section 9 of the Agreement shall not apply.

Notwithstanding
the above, if there has been an Event of Default under the Agreement, Borrower the reduction of the Total Repayment Amount set forth
herein shall not apply.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed, or has caused to be executed, this Addendum as of the date first written above.

[Signatures
Begin on Following Page]

Guarantor: Borrower: 

Natures Miracle Holding, Inc Natures Miracle Holding, Inc

/s/ Tie Li 12/30/2024 /s/ Tie Li 12/30/2024

Signature Date Signature Date

Tie Li Tie Li 

Printed
Name Printed Name 

CEO CEO 

Title Title 

Lender 

MAXIMCASH solutions 

/s/ Stephen P Cherner 12/30/2024 

Signature Date 

Stephen P Cherner 

Printed
Name 

Ceo 

Title
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022681501ex10-3_natures.htm
<DESCRIPTION>STACKING PROHIBITED ADDENDUM TO BUSINESS LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Stacking
Prohibited Addendum

This
Addendum is made as of December 26th 2024 to the Business Loan and Security Agreement between Maximcash Solutions LLC (Lender)
and Natures Miracle Holding INC et/al see addendum (Borrower) dated December 26th 2024 (the Agreement).

Whereas,
Lender and Borrower desire to amend and modify Borrowers obligations with respect to the Collateral set forth in the Agreement
as follows; Borrower shall not enter into any cash advance that relates to or involves its Future Receipts, or any loan agreement, withany
party other than Lender where the interest rate on such loan is greater than ten percent (10%)for the duration of this Agreement; notwithstanding
the foregoing, the following shall be excludedfrom the foregoing prohibition in all events: (a) bank loans; (b) bank financing arrangements;
and (c) any other financing arrangement, that enables Borrower to pay the Total Repayment Amountto Lender and the Total Repayment Amount
is paid to Lender in conjunction with the closing of such financing prior to the release of any funds to the Borrower. Lender may share
information regarding this Agreement with any third party in order to determine whether Borrower is in compliance with this provision.

Borrower
agrees to this Stacking Prohibited addendum to the Agreement, and fully understands that breach of the shall constitute an Event of Default.

By
signing this Addendum, Borrower agrees and fully understands that in the event Borrower breaches this Addendum, Lender fully reserves
its rights to immediately exercise its rights at law and equity as provided in the Agreement and impose an additional fee equaling ten
(10) percent of the Loan Amount.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed, or has caused to be executed, this Addendum as of the date first written above.

Borrower: Natures
Miracle Holding INC et/al see addendum

Agreed to by: /s/ Tie (James) Li its CEO

(Signature) (Title)

Print
Name Tie (James) Li

Secured
Guarantor: Natures Miracle Holding INC et/al see addendum

Agreed to by: /s/ Tie (James) Li its CEO

(Signature) (Title)

Print
Name Tie (James) Li

Lender:
Maximcash Solutions LLC

Agreed to by: /s/ Stephen P Cherner its Ceo

(Signature) (Title)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022681501ex10-4_natures.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SELLER DEFINITION ADDENDUM TO BUSINESS LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

Seller Definition
Addendum to the Agreement for the Purchase Business Loan and Security Agreement dated: December 26th
2024

Lender and Borrower hereby agree that Borrower
is defined as follows:

Name: Natures Miracle Holding INC

Address: 3281 E. Guasti Road, Suite 175, Ontario,
California 91761

EIN #:

Name: NATURE'S MIRACLE, INC

Address:

EIN #: 88-1716009

Name: NATURE'S MIRACLE(California), INC

Address:

EIN #: 88-1716009

Name: HYDRO MAN, INC

Address:

EIN #: 37-1973843

Name: HYDROMAN, INC

Address:

EIN #:

Name: HYDROMAN Electric Corp

Address:

EIN #:

Name: VISIONTECH GROUP INC

Address:

EIN #: 82-0864230

Name: NM Rebate, INC.

Address:

EIN #:

Name: NM Data INC.

Address:

EIN #:

Agreed to by: /s/ Tie (James) Li (Signature), their CEO (Title)

Print Owners Name:
Tie (James) Li

Lender: Stephen P Cherner 

Agreed to by: /s/ Stephen P Cherner (Signature), its Ceo (Title)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-4_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>nmhi-20241230.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>nmhi-20241230_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>nmhi-20241230_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants to purchase Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>nmhi-20241230_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 30, 2024

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 30, 2024

Entity File Number 001-41977

Entity Registrant Name NATURES MIRACLE HOLDING INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001947861

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-3986430

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3281 E. Guasti Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 175

Entity Address, City or Town Ontario

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 91761

City Area Code 909

Local Phone Number 218-4601

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol NMHI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants to purchase Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants to purchase Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol NMHIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NMHI_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NMHI_WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nature-miracle.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0226815-8k_natures.htm 
nmhi-20241230.xsd 
nmhi-20241230_def.xml 
nmhi-20241230_lab.xml 
nmhi-20241230_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-001167-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ea0226815-8k_natures_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001947861 

2024-12-30 
2024-12-30 

0001947861 

NMHI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2024-12-30 
2024-12-30 

0001947861 

NMHI:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2024-12-30 
2024-12-30 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001947861 
8-K 
2024-12-30 
NATURES MIRACLE HOLDING INC. 
DE 
001-41977 
88-3986430 
3281 E. Guasti Road 
Suite 175 
Ontario 
CA 
91761 
909 
218-4601 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
NMHI 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
NMHIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>