<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-005469.txt : 20250123
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-005469.hdr.sgml : 20250123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123083945
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-005469
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250123
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fathom Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001753162
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE AGENTS & MANAGERS (FOR OTHERS) [6531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				821518164
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39412
		FILM NUMBER:		25547717

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 REGENCY PARKWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			CARY
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27518
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8884556040

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 REGENCY PARKWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			CARY
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27518
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254083d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000175316200017531622025-01-232025-01-23iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): January 23, 2025

FATHOM
HOLDINGS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

001-39412 82-1518164

(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification
No.)

2000
Regency Parkway Drive, Suite 300,
Cary, North
Carolina27518

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (888)455-6040

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, No Par Value FTHM NasdaqCapital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
Growth Company x

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. x

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On January 23, 2025, Fathom Holdings Inc. (the
Company) entered into a Sales Agreement (the Agreement) with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (Roth),
as sales agent, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through Roth, shares of the Companys common
stock, no par value, having an aggregate offering price of up to $10 million (the Offering). The issuance and sale of shares in
the Offering, if any, by the Company under the Agreement will be pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-276318) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 29, 2023 (the Registration
Statement) and declared effective by the SEC on January 11, 2024 and any applicable additional prospectus supplements related to
the Offering that form a part of the Registration Statement.

The Company has agreed to pay Roth a commission
for its services in acting as agent in the Offering in the amount of 3.0% of gross proceeds from the sale of the shares pursuant to the
Agreement. The Company has also agreed to provide Roth with customary indemnification and contribution rights.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement,
Roth will use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell the shares from time to time, based upon the Companys instructions, by
methods deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act). The Company or Roth may suspend or terminate the Offering upon notice to the other party
and subject to other conditions.

The Company is not obligated to make any sales
of common stock under the Agreement. The Offering of shares of common stock pursuant to the Agreement will terminate upon the earlier
of (i) the sale of all shares of common stock subject to the Agreement or (ii) termination of the Agreement in accordance with its terms.

The foregoing description of the Sales Agreement
is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Sales Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit
1.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities discussed herein, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation, or
sale of the securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state.

The opinion of Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton
LLP, the Companys legal counsel, regarding the validity of the shares of common stock to be offered and sold under the Agreement
is filed as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. This opinion is also filed with reference to, and is hereby incorporated by reference into, the Registration
Statement.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On January 23, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing
that its board of directors approved a bitcoin treasury strategy to allow bitcoin to be one of the Companys treasury reserve assets
(the Bitcoin Treasury Strategy). A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K
(this Form 8-K) and incorporated by reference herein.

We are also filing this
Form 8-K to disclose the below Recent Developments and to supplement risk factor disclosures contained in our prior public
filings in connection with the adoption of our Bitcoin Treasury Strategy, including those discussed under the heading Item 1A. Risk
Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 19, 2024, and subsequent
reports filed with the SEC. The risk factors below should be read together with the other risk factors described in
our prior public filings.

RECENT
DEVELOPMENTS

Preliminary Financial
Data

The following preliminary financial information for the three months
ended December 31, 2024 is based upon our estimates and subject to completion of our financial closing procedures. Moreover, these data
have been prepared solely on the basis of currently available information by, and are the responsibility of,

management.

Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte &
Touche LLP, has not audited, reviewed, compiled or performed any procedures with respect to this preliminary financial information and,
accordingly, Deloitte & Touche LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto.

This summary is not a comprehensive statement of our financial
results for this period, and our actual results may differ materially from these estimates due to the completion of our financial
closing procedures, final adjustments, completion of the review of our financial statements and other developments that may arise
between now and the time the review of our financial statements is completed. There can be no assurance that these estimates will be
realized, and estimates are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are not within our control.

Revenue

Despite a significant
rise in mortgage rates following the Federal Reserve Bank lowering of the overnight rate in December 2024, Fathom estimates that revenues
for the fourth quarter of 2024 were between $89.7 million to $91.7 million, an increase of between 7% and 10% over the third quarter of
2024. This also represents an increase of between 21% and 24% over the fourth quarter of 2023.

Gross Profit

Total gross profit dollars
for the fourth quarter of 2024 is expected to increase within a range of 28% to 30% compared to the same period last year.

GAAP Net Loss

GAAP net loss for the fourth quarter of 2024 is expected to total between
$7.3 million and $7.4 million, compared with a net loss of $8.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2023.

Adjusted EBITDA

Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2024 is expected to be a
loss in the range of $2.8 million to $3.0 million. Fathom provides Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, because it offers additional
information for monitoring the Company's cash flow performance. A table reconciling Adjusted EBITDA to its most comparable GAAP measure,
as well as an explanation of, and important disclosures about, this non-GAAP measure, is included below.

Key Metrics

Agent count increased by 23% to approximately 14,500 as of December
31, 2024 from approximately 11,700 agents as of December 31, 2023. Brokerage transaction count for the fourth quarter of 2024 increased
by approximately 16.5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023.

Note about Non-GAAP Financial Measures

To supplement Fathom's consolidated financial
statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, the Company uses Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure,
to understand and evaluate our core operating performance. This non-GAAP financial measure, which may be different than similarly titled
measures used by other companies, is presented to enhance investors' overall understanding of our financial performance and should not
be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP.

Fathom defines the non-GAAP financial measure
of Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), excluding other income and expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, share-based
compensation expense, NAR related and other litigation claim and settlement costs, and transaction-related cost.

Fathom believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides
useful information about the Company's financial performance, enhances the overall understanding of its past performance and future prospects,
and allows for greater transparency with respect to a key metric used by Fathom's management for financial and operational decision-making.
Fathom believes that Adjusted EBITDA helps identify underlying trends in its business that otherwise could be masked by the effect of
the expenses that the Company excludes in Adjusted EBITDA. In particular, Fathom believes the exclusion of share-based compensation expense
and transaction-related costs associated with the Company's acquisition activity, provides a useful supplemental measure in evaluating
the performance of its operations and provides better transparency into its results of operations. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes other
income and expense, net which primarily includes nonrecurring items, such as, professional fees related to investigating potential financing
and acquisition opportunities, if applicable.

Fathom is presenting the non-GAAP measure
of Adjusted EBITDA to assist investors in seeing its financial performance through the eyes of management, and because the Company believes
this measure provides an additional tool for investors to use in comparing Fathom's core financial performance over multiple periods with
other companies in its industry.

Adjusted EBITDA should
not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are several
limitations related to the use of Adjusted EBITDA compared to net income (loss), the closest comparable GAAP measure. Some of these limitations
are that:

Adjusted EBITDA excludes share-based compensation expense related
to restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards and stock options, which have been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable
future, significant recurring expenses in Fathom's business and an important part of its compensation strategy;

Adjusted EBITDA excludes transaction-related costs primarily
consisting of professional fees and any other costs incurred directly related to acquisition activity, which is an ongoing part of Fathom's
growth strategy and therefore likely to occur; and

Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain recurring, non-cash charges
such as depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and capitalized software, and acquisition related intangible asset costs,
however, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future.

RECONCILIATION OF NET LOSS TO ADJUSTED EBITDA

(UNAUDITED)

(In thousands)

Three Months Ended December 31, 2024 

Low High 

Net loss $ (7,400 ) $ (7,300 )

Stock based compensation 1,700 1,750 

Litigation contingency 50 100 

Depreciation and amortization 1,400 1,400 

Other expense, net 750 750 

Income tax expense (benefit) 50 50 

Other non-cash items and transaction related costs 450 450 

Adjusted EBITDA $ (3,000 ) $ (2,800 )

My Home Group Acquisition

As previously announced, on November 4, 2024,
Fathom Holdings acquired My Home Group, a premier Arizona-based brokerage ranked 27th in the nation by transaction volume. The strategic
acquisition has significantly expanded Fathom's national footprint in Arizona, strengthened its agent network, and underscored the Companys
commitment to providing comprehensive, technology-driven real estate solutions across the United States.

The integration of My Home Group into the Fathom
platform is progressing as planned. The Company remains confident that the acquisition will contribute over $110 million in revenue for
the full year of 2025.

Bitcoin Treasury
Strategy

On January 21, 2025,
our Board approved and adopted a corporate treasury strategy, adopting bitcoin as a treasury reserve asset on an ongoing basis, subject
to market conditions and our anticipated cash needs, instead of solely looking to keep cash in short- and intermediate-term, interest-bearing
obligations, investment-grade instruments, certificates of deposit or direct or guaranteed obligations of the U.S. federal government.

We view bitcoin as a reliable store of value. We believe it has unique
characteristics as a scarce and finite asset that can serve as a reasonable inflation hedge and safe haven amid global instability. Bitcoin
is often compared to gold, which has been viewed as a dependable store of value throughout history. Golds value has appreciated
substantially over time. For example, 25 years ago, the price of gold was approximately $500 per ounce. In 2024, the price of gold has
traded higher than $2,700 per ounce. As of January 17, 2025, the total market capitalization of gold was approximately $18.0 trillion
compared to approximately $1.9 trillion for bitcoin. Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset that has traded below $39,000 per bitcoin and
above $108,000 per bitcoin on Coinbase in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus supplement. More recently, between November
2024 and December 2024, bitcoin has traded above $108,000 per bitcoin and below $69,000 per bitcoin on Coinbase. While highly volatile,
bitcoins price has also appreciated significantly since bitcoins inception in January 2009 (at zero per bitcoin). We believe
that a substantial portion of bitcoins appreciation is attributable to the view that bitcoin is or will become a reliable store
of value. Like gold, bitcoin is also viewed as a scarce asset; the ultimate supply of bitcoin is limited to 21 million coins and approximately
95% of its supply already exists.

We believe that bitcoins
finite, digital and decentralized nature as well as its architectural resilience make it preferable to gold, which, as noted above, has
a market capitalization approximately nine times higher than the market capitalization of bitcoin as of January 22, 2025. Given our belief
that bitcoin is a comparable and possibly better store of value than gold, we believe that bitcoin has the potential to approach or exceed
the value of gold over time. Given the substantial gap in value between gold and bitcoin based on current market capitalization, we believe
that bitcoin has the potential to generate outsize returns as it gains increasing acceptance as digital gold. We believe
that the growing global acceptance and institutionalization of bitcoin supports our view that bitcoin is a reliable store
of value. We believe that bitcoins unique attributes discussed above not only differentiate it from fiat money, but also from other
cryptocurrency assets, and for that reason, we have no plans to purchase cryptocurrency assets other than bitcoin. However, as noted above,
bitcoin has been highly volatile, and our strategy to invest in it involves risk. See Risk FactorsRisks Related to our Bitcoin
Treasure Strategy.

Risks
Relating to our Bitcoin Treasury Strategy

Our bitcoin treasury strategy could expose us to various risks
associated with bitcoin.

Our bitcoin treasury strategy could expose us to various risks associated
with bitcoin, including the following:

Bitcoin
is a highly volatile asset. Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset that has traded below $39,000 per bitcoin and above $108,000
per bitcoin on Coinbase in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus supplement. The trading price of bitcoin was significantly
lower during prior periods, and such decline may occur again in the future.

Bitcoin
does not pay interest or dividends. Bitcoin does not pay interest or other returns and we can only generate cash from our bitcoin
holdings if we sell our bitcoin or implement strategies to create income streams or otherwise generate cash by using our bitcoin holdings.
Even if we pursue any such strategies, we may be unable to create income streams or otherwise generate cash from our bitcoin holdings,
and any such strategies may subject us to additional risks.

Our
bitcoin treasury strategy has not been tested. This bitcoin treasury strategy has not been tested. Although we believe bitcoin,
due to its limited supply, has the potential to serve as a hedge against inflation in the long term, the short-term price of bitcoin declined
in recent periods during which the inflation rate increased. Some investors and other market participants may disagree with our bitcoin
acquisition strategy or actions we undertake to implement it. If bitcoin prices were to decrease or our bitcoin acquisition strategy otherwise
proves unsuccessful, our financial condition, results of operations, and the market price of our common stock would be materially adversely
impacted.

We
will be subject to counterparty risks, including in particular risks relating to our custodians. Although we intend to implement
various measures that are designed to mitigate our counterparty risks, including by storing substantially all of the bitcoin we may own
in custody accounts at U.S.-based, institutional-grade custodians and negotiating contractual arrangements intended to establish that
our property interest in custodially-held bitcoin is not subject to claims of our custodians creditors, applicable insolvency law
is not fully developed with respect to the holding of digital assets in custodial accounts. If our custodially-held bitcoin were nevertheless
considered to be the property of our custodians estates in the event that any such custodians were to enter bankruptcy, receivership
or similar insolvency proceedings, we could be treated as a general unsecured creditor of such custodians, inhibiting our ability to exercise
ownership rights with respect to such bitcoin and this may ultimately result in the loss of the value related to some or all of such bitcoin.
Even if we are able to prevent our bitcoin from being considered the property of a custodians bankruptcy estate as part of an insolvency
proceeding, it is possible that we would still be delayed or may otherwise experience difficulty in accessing our bitcoin held by the
affected custodian during the pendency of the insolvency proceedings. Any such outcome could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and the market price of our common stock.

The broader digital assets industry is subject
to counterparty risks, which could adversely impact the adoption rate, price, and use of bitcoin. A series of recent high-profile
bankruptcies, closures, liquidations, regulatory enforcement actions and other events relating to companies operating in the digital
asset industry, including the filings for bankruptcy protection by Three Arrows Capital, Celsius Network, Voyager Digital, FTX Trading
and Genesis Global Capital, the closure or liquidation of certain financial institutions that provided lending and other services to
the digital assets industry, including Signature Bank and Silvergate Bank, SEC enforcement actions against Coinbase, Inc. and Binance
Holdings Ltd., the placement of Prime Trust, LLC into receivership following a cease-and-desist order issued by Nevadas Department
of Business and Industry, and the filing and subsequent settlement of a civil fraud lawsuit by the New York Attorney General against
Genesis Global Capital, its parent company Digital Currency Group, Inc., and former partner Gemini Trust Company, have highlighted the
counterparty risks applicable to owning and transacting in digital assets. Any similar bankruptcies, closures, liquidations and other
events might result in a loss or misappropriation of our intended bitcoin holdings, or adversely impact our access to our bitcoin holdings.
Or, any such bankruptcies, closures, liquidations, regulatory enforcement actions or other events involving participants in the digital
assets industry may negatively impact the adoption rate, price, and use of bitcoin, limit the availability to us of financing collateralized
by bitcoin, or create or expose additional counterparty risks.

Accounting
treatment of our bitcoin holdings could have significant accounting impacts, including increasing the volatility of our results. In
December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2023-08, which will require us to measure any
in-scope crypto assets (including bitcoin holdings) at fair value on our balance sheet, and to recognize gains and losses from changes
in the fair value of bitcoin in net income each reporting period. ASU 2023-08 will also require us to provide certain interim and annual
disclosures with respect to bitcoin holdings. The standard is effective for our interim and annual periods beginning January 1, 2025.
Due in particular to the volatility in the price of bitcoin, to the extent we invest in bitcoin we expect ASU 2023-08 to increase the
volatility of our financial results, and affect the carrying value of bitcoin on our balance sheet, and it could also have adverse tax
consequences, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our common stock.

The broader digital assets industry, including
the technology associated with digital assets, the rate of adoption and development of, and use cases for, digital assets, market perception
of digital assets, and the legal, regulatory, and accounting treatment of digital assets are constantly developing and changing, and there
may be additional risks in the future that are not possible to predict.

Changes in our ownership of bitcoin could have
accounting, regulatory and other impacts. While we currently intend to own bitcoin directly, we may investigate other potential approaches
to owning bitcoin, including indirect ownership (for example, through ownership interests in a fund that owns bitcoin). If we were to
own all or a portion of our bitcoin in a different manner, the accounting treatment for our bitcoin, our ability to use our bitcoin as
collateral for additional borrowings, and the regulatory requirements to which we are subject, may correspondingly change. For example,
the volatile nature of bitcoin may force us to liquidate our holdings to use it as collateral, which could be negatively effected by any
disruptions in the crypto market, and if liquidated, the value of the collateral would not reflect potential gains in market value of
bitcoin, all of which could negatively affect our business and implementation of our bitcoin strategy.

We may use the net proceeds from this offering to purchase bitcoin,
the price of which has been, and will likely continue to be, highly volatile.

We may use the net proceeds from this offering
to purchase bitcoin. Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset that has traded below $39,000 per bitcoin and above $108,000 per bitcoin on Coinbase
in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus supplement. More recently, between November 2024 and December 2024, bitcoin has
traded above $108,000 per bitcoin and below $69,000 per bitcoin on Coinbase. In addition, bitcoin does not pay interest or other returns
and so ability to generate a return on investment from the net proceeds from this offering will depend on whether there is appreciation
in the value of bitcoin following our purchases of bitcoin with the net proceeds from this offering. Future fluctuations in bitcoin trading
prices may result in our converting bitcoin purchased with the net proceeds from this offering into cash with a value substantially below
the net proceeds from this offering.

Bitcoin and other digital assets are novel
assets, and are subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty.

Bitcoin and other digital assets are relatively
novel and are subject to significant uncertainty, which could adversely impact their price. The application of state and federal securities
laws and other laws and regulations to digital assets is unclear in certain respects, and it is possible that regulators in the United
States or foreign countries may interpret or apply existing laws and regulations in a manner that adversely affects the price of bitcoin.

The U.S. federal government, states, regulatory
agencies, and foreign countries may also enact new laws and regulations, or pursue regulatory, legislative, enforcement or judicial actions,
that could materially impact the price of bitcoin or the ability of individuals or institutions such as us to own or transfer bitcoin.
For example, the U.S. executive branch, the SEC, the European Unions Markets in Crypto Assets Regulation, among others have been
active in recent years, and in the U.K., the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023, or FSMA 2023 became law. It is not possible to predict
whether, or when, any of these developments will lead to Congress granting additional authorities to the SEC or other regulators, or whether,
or when, any other federal, state or foreign legislative bodies will take any similar actions. It is also not possible to predict the
nature of any such additional authorities, how additional legislation or regulatory oversight might impact the ability of digital asset
markets to function or the willingness of financial and other institutions to continue to provide services to the digital assets industry,
nor how any new regulations or changes to existing regulations might impact the value of digital assets generally and bitcoin specifically.
The consequences of increased regulation of digital assets and digital asset activities could adversely affect the market price of bitcoin
and in turn adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

Moreover, the risks of engaging in a bitcoin treasury
strategy are relatively novel and have created, and could continue to create, complications due to the lack of experience that third parties
have with companies engaging in such a strategy, such as increased costs of director and officer liability insurance or the potential
inability to obtain such coverage on acceptable terms in the future.

The growth of the digital assets industry in general,
and the use and acceptance of bitcoin in particular, may also impact the price of bitcoin and is subject to a high degree of uncertainty.
The pace of worldwide growth in the adoption and use of bitcoin may depend, for instance, on public familiarity with digital assets, ease
of buying, accessing or gaining exposure to bitcoin, institutional demand for bitcoin as an investment asset, the participation of traditional
financial institutions in the digital assets industry, consumer demand for bitcoin as a means of payment, and the availability and popularity
of alternatives to bitcoin. Even if growth in bitcoin adoption occurs in the near or medium-term, there is no assurance that bitcoin usage
will continue to grow over the long-term.

Because bitcoin has no physical existence beyond
the record of transactions on the bitcoin blockchain, a variety of technical factors related to the bitcoin blockchain could also impact
the price of bitcoin. For example, malicious attacks by miners, inadequate mining fees to incentivize validating of bitcoin transactions,
hard forks of the bitcoin blockchain into multiple blockchains, and advances in digital computing, algebraic geometry, and
quantum computing could undercut the integrity of the bitcoin blockchain and negatively affect the price of bitcoin. The liquidity of
bitcoin may also be reduced and damage to the public perception of bitcoin may occur, if financial institutions were to deny or limit
banking services to businesses that hold bitcoin, provide bitcoin-related services or accept bitcoin as payment, which could also decrease
the price of bitcoin. Similarly, the open-source nature of the bitcoin blockchain means the contributors and developers of the bitcoin
blockchain are generally not directly compensated for their contributions in maintaining and developing the blockchain, and any failure
to properly monitor and upgrade the bitcoin blockchain could adversely affect the bitcoin blockchain and negatively affect the price of
bitcoin.

Recent actions by U.S. banking regulators have
reduced the ability of bitcoin-related services providers to gain access to banking services and liquidity of bitcoin may also be impacted
to the extent that changes in applicable laws and regulatory requirements negatively impact the ability of exchanges and trading venues
to provide services for bitcoin and other digital assets.

Regulatory change reclassifying bitcoin as a security could lead
to our classification as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 1940 Act, and
could adversely affect the market price of bitcoin and the market price of our common stock.

Under Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the 1940
Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the 1940 Act if (1) it is, or holds
itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities
or (2) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and it owns
or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government
securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We do not believe that we are an investment company, as such term
is defined in the 1940 Act, and are not registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act as of the date of this prospectus
supplement.

While senior SEC officials have stated their view
that bitcoin is not a security for purposes of the federal securities laws, a contrary determination by the SEC could lead
to our classification as an investment company under the 1940 Act, if the portion of our assets consists of investments
in bitcoins exceeds 40% safe harbor limits prescribed in the 1940 Act, which would subject us to significant additional regulatory controls
that could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations and may also require us to change the manner in which we conduct
our business.

We monitor our assets and income for compliance
under the 1940 Act and seek to conduct our business activities in a manner such that we do not fall within its definitions of investment
company or that we qualify under one of the exemptions or exclusions provided by the 1940 Act and corresponding SEC regulations.
If bitcoin is determined to constitute a security for purposes of the federal securities laws, we would take steps to reduce the percentage
of bitcoins that constitute investment assets under the 1940 Act. These steps may include, among others, selling bitcoins that we might
otherwise hold for the long term and deploying our cash in non-investment assets, and we may be forced to sell our bitcoins at unattractive
prices. We may also seek to acquire additional non-investment assets to maintain compliance with the 1940 Act, and we may need to incur
debt, issue additional equity or enter into other financing arrangements that are not otherwise attractive to our business. Any of these
actions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, we can make no assurance
that we would successfully be able to take the necessary steps to avoid being deemed to be an investment company in accordance with the
safe harbor. If we were unsuccessful, and if bitcoin is determined to constitute a security for purposes of the federal securities laws,
then we would have to register as an investment company, and the additional regulatory restrictions imposed by 1940 Act could adversely
affect the market price of bitcoin and in turn adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

We may be subject to regulatory developments
related to crypto assets and crypto asset markets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

As bitcoin and other digital assets are relatively
novel and the application of state and federal securities laws and other laws and regulations to digital assets is unclear in certain
respects, and it is possible that regulators in the United States or foreign countries may interpret or apply existing laws and regulations
in a manner that adversely affects the price of bitcoin. The U.S. federal government, states, regulatory agencies, and foreign countries
may also enact new laws and regulations, or pursue regulatory, legislative, enforcement or judicial actions, that could materially impact
the price of bitcoin or the ability of individuals or institutions such as us to own or transfer bitcoin. For examples, see Bitcoin
and other digital assets are novel assets, and are subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty
above.

If bitcoin is determined to constitute a security
for purposes of the federal securities laws, the additional regulatory restrictions imposed by such a determination could adversely affect
the market price of bitcoin and in turn adversely affect the market price of our common stock. See Regulatory change reclassifying
bitcoin as a security could lead to our classification as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended, or the 1940 Act, and could adversely affect the market price of bitcoin and the market price of our common stock above.
Moreover, the risks of us engaging in a bitcoin treasury strategy have created, and could continue to create, complications due to the
lack of experience that third parties have with companies engaging in such a strategy, such as increased costs of director and officer
liability insurance or the potential inability to obtain such coverage on acceptable terms in the future.

Our intended bitcoin holdings may be less
liquid than our existing cash and cash equivalents and might not be able to serve as a source of liquidity for us to the same extent as
cash and cash equivalents.

Historically, the bitcoin markets have been characterized
by significant volatility in price, limited liquidity and trading volumes compared to sovereign currencies markets, relative anonymity,
a developing regulatory landscape, potential susceptibility to market abuse and manipulation, compliance and internal control failures
at exchanges, and various other risks inherent in its entirely electronic, virtual form and decentralized network. During times of market
instability, we might not be able to sell our bitcoin at favorable prices or at all. For example, a number of bitcoin trading venues temporarily
halted deposits and withdrawals in 2022. As a result, our bitcoin holdings might not be able to serve as a source of liquidity for us
to the same extent as cash and cash equivalents. Further, bitcoin we may hold with our custodians and transact with our trade execution
partners might not enjoy the same protections as are available to cash or securities deposited with or transacted by institutions subject
to regulation by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. Additionally, we may be
unable to enter into term loans or other capital raising transactions collateralized by our unencumbered bitcoin or otherwise generate
funds using our bitcoin holdings, including in particular during times of market instability or when the price of bitcoin has declined
significantly. If we are unable to sell our bitcoin, enter into additional capital raising transactions using bitcoin as collateral, or
otherwise generate funds using our bitcoin holdings, or if we are forced to sell our bitcoin at a significant loss, in order to meet our
working capital requirements, our business and financial condition could be negatively impacted.

Due to the unregulated nature and lack of transparency surrounding
the operations of many bitcoin trading venues, bitcoin trading venues may experience greater fraud, security failures or regulatory or
operational problems than trading venues for more established asset classes, which may result in a loss of confidence in bitcoin trading
venues and adversely affect the value of our bitcoin.

Bitcoin trading venues are relatively new and,
in many cases, unregulated. Furthermore, there are many bitcoin trading venues which do not provide the public with significant information
regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices and regulatory compliance. As a result, the marketplace may
lose confidence in bitcoin trading venues, including prominent exchanges that handle a significant volume of bitcoin trading and/or are
subject to regulatory oversight, in the event one or more bitcoin trading venues cease or pause for a prolonged period the trading of
bitcoin or other digital assets, or experience fraud, significant volumes of withdrawal, security failures or operational problems.

In 2019 there were reports claiming that 80-95%
of bitcoin trading volume on trading venues was false or non-economic in nature, with specific focus on unregulated exchanges located
outside of the United States. The SEC also alleged as part of its June 5, 2023, complaint that Binance Holdings Ltd. committed strategic
and targeted wash trading through its affiliates to artificially inflate the volume of certain digital assets traded on
its exchange. The SEC has also brought recent actions against individuals and digital asset market participants alleging such persons
artificially increased trading volumes in certain digital assets through wash trades, or repeated buying and selling of the same assets
in fictitious transactions to manipulate their underlying trading price. Such reports and allegations may indicate that the bitcoin market
is significantly smaller than expected and that the United States makes up a significantly larger percentage of the bitcoin market than
is commonly understood. Any actual or perceived false trading in the bitcoin market, and any other fraudulent or manipulative acts and
practices, could adversely affect the value of our bitcoin. Negative perception, a lack of stability in the broader bitcoin markets and
the closure, temporary shutdown or operational disruption of bitcoin trading venues, lending institutions, institutional investors, institutional
miners, custodians, or other major participants in the bitcoin ecosystem, due to fraud, business failure, cybersecurity events, government-mandated
regulation, bankruptcy, or for any other reason, may result in a decline in confidence in bitcoin and the broader bitcoin ecosystem and
greater volatility in the price of bitcoin. For example, in 2022, each of Celsius Network, Voyager Digital, Three Arrows Capital, FTX,
and BlockFi filed for bankruptcy, following which the market prices of bitcoin and other digital assets significantly declined. In addition,
in June 2023, the SEC announced enforcement actions against Coinbase, Inc., and Binance Holdings Ltd., two providers of large trading
venues for digital assets, which similarly was followed by a decrease in the market price of bitcoin and other digital assets. These were
followed in November 2023, by an SEC enforcement action against Payward Inc. and Payward Ventures Inc., together known as Kraken, another
large trading venue for digital assets. The price of our common stock may be affected by the value of our bitcoin holdings and the failure
of a major participant in the bitcoin ecosystem could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.

If we or our third-party service providers
experience a security breach or cyberattack and unauthorized parties obtain access to our bitcoin, or if our private keys are lost or
destroyed, or other similar circumstances or events occur, we may lose some or all of our bitcoin and our financial condition and results
of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Currently, we intend to hold any bitcoin we may
own in custody accounts at U.S.-based institutional-grade digital asset custodians. Security breaches and cyberattacks are of particular
concern with respect to our bitcoin. Bitcoin and other blockchain-based cryptocurrencies and the entities that provide services to participants
in the bitcoin ecosystem have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks, or other malicious activities.
For example, in October 2021 it was reported that hackers exploited a flaw in the account recovery process and stole from the accounts
of at least 6,000 customers of the Coinbase exchange, although the flaw was subsequently fixed and Coinbase reimbursed affected customers.
Similarly, in November 2022, hackers exploited weaknesses in the security architecture of the FTX Trading digital asset exchange and reportedly
stole over $400 million in digital assets from customers. A successful security breach or cyberattack could result in:

a partial or total loss of our bitcoin in a manner that might not be covered by insurance or the liability
provisions of the custody agreements with the custodians who hold our bitcoin:

harm to our reputation and brand;

improper disclosure of data and violations of applicable data privacy and other laws; or

significant regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, penalties, and other legal, regulatory, contractual
and financial exposure.

Further, any actual or perceived data security
breach or cybersecurity attack directed at other companies with digital assets or companies that operate digital asset networks, regardless
of whether we are directly impacted, could lead to a general loss of confidence in the broader bitcoin blockchain ecosystem or in the
use of the bitcoin network to conduct financial transactions, which could negatively impact us.

Attacks upon systems across a variety of industries, including industries
related to bitcoin, are increasing in frequency, persistence, and sophistication, and, in many cases, are being conducted by sophisticated,
well-funded and organized groups and individuals, including state actors. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper or illegal
access to systems and information (including personal data and digital assets), disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems are constantly
evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are not recognized or detected until after they have been launched against a target.
These attacks may occur on our systems or those of our third-party service providers or partners. We may experience breaches of our security
measures due to human error, malfeasance, insider threats, system errors or vulnerabilities or other irregularities. In particular, we
expect that unauthorized parties will attempt, to gain access to our systems and facilities, as well as those of our partners and third-party
service providers, through various means, such as hacking, social engineering, phishing and fraud. Threats can come from a variety of
sources, including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, and insiders. In addition, certain
types of attacks could harm us even if our systems are left undisturbed. For example, certain threats are designed to remain dormant or
undetectable, sometimes for extended periods of time, or until launched against a target and we might not be able to implement adequate
preventative measures. Further, there has been an increase in such activities due to the increase in work-from-home arrangements. The
risk of cyberattacks could also be increased by cyberwarfare in connection with the ongoing Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts,
or other future conflicts, including potential proliferation of malware into systems unrelated to such conflicts. Any future breach of
our operations or those of others in the bitcoin industry, including third-party services on which we rely, could materially and adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and
Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit 

No. Description

1.1 Sales Agreement,
dated as of January 23, 2025, between Fathom Holdings Inc. and Roth Capital Partners, LLC. 

5.1 Opinion of Wyrick Robbins
Yates & Ponton LLP.

23.1 Consent of Wyrick Robbins
Yates & Ponton LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 Press Release, dated January 23, 2025.

104 The cover pages of this Current Report on Form 8-K,
formatted in Inline XBRL.

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FATHOM HOLDINGS INC.

Date: January 23, 2025 By: /s/ Marco Fregenal

Marco Fregenal

Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254083d1_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Fathom Holdings Inc.

$10,000,000

Common Stock

(no par value)

Sales Agreement

January 23, 2025

Roth Capital Partners, LLC

888 San Clemente Drive, Suite 400

Newport Beach, CA 92660

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Fathom Holdings Inc., a North
Carolina corporation (the Company), confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with Roth Capital
Partners, LLC (the Agent), as follows:

1. 
Issuance and Sale of Shares. The Company agrees that, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth herein, it may issue and sell through or to the Agent, shares (the Placement Shares)
of common stock of the Company, no par value (the Common Stock) having an aggregate offering price of up to $10,000,000,
provided, however, that in no event shall the Company issue or sell through Agent such number of Placement Shares that (a) exceeds
the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Stock that may be sold pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined below), or
(b) exceeds the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Maximum Amount). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto agree that compliance with the limitations set forth in this Section 1
on the amount of Placement Shares issued and sold under this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Company and that Agent
shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance. The issuance and sale of Placement Shares through or to Agent will be effected
pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined below) filed by the Company and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission), although nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as requiring the Company to use
the Registration Statement to issue any Placement Shares.

The
Company has filed, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder
(the Securities Act), with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-276318), including
a base prospectus, relating to certain securities, including the Placement Shares to be issued from time to time by the Company, and
which incorporates by reference documents that the Company has filed or will file in accordance with the provisions of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Exchange Act). The Company has prepared
a prospectus supplement specifically relating to the Placement Shares (the Prospectus Supplement) to the base prospectus
included as part of such registration statement. The Company will furnish to the Agent, for use by the Agent, copies of the prospectus
included as part of such registration statement, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, relating to the Placement Shares. Except
where the context otherwise requires, such registration statement, and any post-effective amendment thereto, including all documents
filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any information contained in a Prospectus (as defined below)
subsequently filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act or deemed to be a part of such registration
statement pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act, or any subsequent registration statement on Form S-3 filed pursuant to Rule
415(a)(6) under the Securities Act by the Company to cover any Placement Shares, is herein called the Registration Statement.
The base prospectus, as amended, including all documents incorporated therein by reference, included in the Registration Statement, as
it may be supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, in the form in which such prospectus and/or Prospectus Supplement have most recently
been filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, together with any then issued Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus (defined below), is herein called the Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein, and any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment
or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the
filing after the execution hereof of any document with the Commission deemed to be incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated
Documents). For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or to any amendment
or supplement thereto shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering Analysis
and Retrieval System, or if applicable, the Interactive Data Electronic Application system when used by the Commission (collectively,
EDGAR).

2. 
Placements. Each time that the Company wishes to issue and sell Placement Shares hereunder (each, a Placement),
it will notify the Agent by email notice (or other method mutually agreed to in writing by the Parties) of the number or dollar value
of Placement Shares, the time period during which sales are requested to be made, any limitation on the number of Placement Shares that
may be sold in any one day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made (a Placement Notice), the form
of which is attached hereto as Schedule 1. The Placement Notice shall originate from any of the individuals from the Company set forth
on Schedule 3 (with a copy to each of the other individuals from the Company listed on such schedule), and shall be addressed to each
of the individuals from the Agent set forth on Schedule 3, as such Schedule 3 may be amended from time to time. The Placement Notice
shall be effective unless and until (i) the Agent declines to accept the terms contained therein for any reason, in its sole discretion,
(ii) the entire amount of the Placement Shares thereunder have been sold, (iii) the Company suspends or terminates the Placement
Notice or (iv) the Agreement has been terminated under the provisions of Section 12. The amount of any discount, commission
or other compensation to be paid by the Company to Agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares shall be calculated in accordance
with the terms set forth in Schedule 2. It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that neither the Company nor the Agent will have any
obligation whatsoever with respect to a Placement or any Placement Shares unless and until the Company delivers a Placement Notice to
the Agent and the Agent does not decline such Placement Notice pursuant to the terms set forth above, and then only upon the terms specified
therein and herein. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of a Placement Notice, the terms of
the Placement Notice will control.

2

3. 
Sale of Placement Shares by Agent. Subject to the provisions of Section 5(a), the Agent, for the period specified
in the Placement Notice, will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable
state and federal laws, rules and regulations and the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange), to sell
the Placement Shares up to the amount specified, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of such Placement Notice. The Agent will
provide written confirmation to the Company no later than the opening of the Trading Day (as defined below) immediately following the
Trading Day on which it has made sales of Placement Shares hereunder setting forth the number of Placement Shares sold on such day, the
compensation payable by the Company to the Agent pursuant to Section 2 with respect to such sales, and the Net Proceeds
(as defined below) payable to the Company, with an itemization of the deductions made by the Agent (as set forth in Section 5(b))
from the gross proceeds that it receives from such sales. Subject to the terms of the Placement Notice, the Agent may sell Placement
Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities
Act.

4. 
Suspension of Sales.

(a) 
The Company or the Agent may, upon notice to the other party in writing (including by email correspondence to each of the individuals
of the other party set forth on Schedule 3, if receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals to whom
the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply) or by telephone (confirmed immediately by verifiable facsimile transmission or email correspondence
to each of the individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 3), suspend any sale of Placement Shares; provided, however, that
such suspension shall not affect or impair any partys obligations with respect to any Placement Shares sold hereunder prior to
the receipt of such notice. Each party agrees that no such notice under this Section 4 shall be effective against any other party
unless it is made to one of the individuals named on Schedule 3 hereto, as such Schedule may be amended from time to time.

(b) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, during any period in which the Company is in possession of material non-public
information, the Company and the Agent agree that (i) no sale of Placement Shares will take place, (ii) the Company shall not request
the sale of any Placement Shares, and (iii) the Agent shall not be obligated to sell or offer to sell any Placement Shares.

5. 
Sale and Delivery to the Agent; Settlement.

(a) 
Sale of Placement Shares. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained and subject to the
terms and conditions herein set forth, upon the Agents acceptance of the terms of a Placement Notice, and unless the sale of the
Placement Shares described therein has been declined, suspended, or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
the Agent, for the period specified in the Placement Notice, will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal
trading and sales practices to sell such Placement Shares up to the amount specified in such Placement Notice, and otherwise in accordance
with the terms of such Placement Notice. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that the Agent
will be successful in selling Placement Shares, (ii) the Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other
person or entity if it does not sell Placement Shares for any reason other than a failure by the Agent to use its commercially reasonable
efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulations to sell such Placement Shares as required
under this Agreement and (iii) the Agent shall be under no obligation to purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis pursuant
to this Agreement, except as otherwise agreed by the Agent and the Company.

3

(b) 
Settlement of Placement Shares. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Placement Notice, settlement for sales
of Placement Shares will occur on the second (2nd) Trading Day (or such earlier day as is industry practice for regular-way
trading) following the date on which such sales are made (each, a Settlement Date). The Agent shall notify the Company
of each sale of Placement Shares no later than the opening of the Trading Day following the Trading Day on which the Agent sold such
Placement Shares. The amount of proceeds to be delivered to the Company on a Settlement Date against receipt of the Placement Shares
sold (the Net Proceeds) will be equal to the aggregate sales price received by the Agent, after deduction for (i)
the Agents commission, discount or other compensation for such sales payable by the Company pursuant to Section 2 hereof
and (ii) any transaction fees imposed by any governmental or self-regulatory organization in respect of such sales.

(c) 
Delivery of Placement Shares. On each Settlement Date, against payment of the Net Proceeds, the Company will, or will cause
its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Placement Shares being sold by crediting the Agents or its designees
account (provided the Agent shall have given the Company written notice of such designee at least one Trading Day prior to the Settlement
Date) at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may
be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto which in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable
form. On each Settlement Date, the Agent will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Company
on, or prior to, the Settlement Date. The Company agrees that if the Company, or its transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its
obligation to deliver Placement Shares on a Settlement Date, the Company agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights
and obligations set forth in Section 10(a) hereto, it will (i) hold the Agent harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or
reasonable documented expense (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such
default by the Company or its transfer agent (if applicable) and (ii) pay to the Agent any commission, discount, or other compensation
to which it would otherwise have been entitled absent such default.

(d) 
Limitations on Offering Size. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any
Placement Shares if, after giving effect to the sale of such Placement Shares, the aggregate gross sales proceeds of Placement Shares
sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed the lesser of (A) together with all sales of Placement Shares under this Agreement,
the Maximum Amount, (B) the amount available for offer and sale under the Registration Statement and (C) the amount authorized
from time to time to be issued and sold under this Agreement by the Companys board of directors, a duly authorized committee thereof
or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Agent in writing. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request
the offer or sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement at a price lower than the minimum price authorized from time to
time by the Companys board of directors, duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified
to the Agent in writing. Further, under no circumstances shall the Company cause or permit the aggregate offering amount of Placement
Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement to exceed the Maximum Amount.

4

6. 
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (including
the Incorporated Documents), the Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with the Agent that as of the date of this Agreement
and as of each Applicable Time (as defined below), unless such representation, warranty or agreement specifies a different date or time:

(a) 
Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement meet the requirements
for and comply with the conditions for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has been filed with the
Commission and declared effective under the Securities Act. The Prospectus Supplement will name the Agent as the agent in the section
entitled Plan of Distribution. The Company has not received, and has no notice of, any order of the Commission preventing
or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, or threatening or instituting proceedings for that purpose. The Registration Statement
and the offer and sale of Placement Shares as contemplated hereby meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and
comply in all material respects with said Rule. Any statutes, regulations, contracts or other documents that are required to be described
in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement have been so described or filed.
Copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and any such amendments or supplements and all documents incorporated by reference
therein that were filed with the Commission on or prior to the date of this Agreement have been delivered, or are available through EDGAR,
to Agent and its counsel. The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur of each Settlement Date and completion of
the distribution of the Placement Shares, will not distribute any offering material in connection with the offering or sale of the Placement
Shares other than the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to which Agent has consented.
Except as disclosed in the Incorporated Documents, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from
the Exchange to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements. The Company has no reason
to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

(b) 
No Misstatement or Omission. The Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, and the Prospectus,
and any amendment or supplement thereto, on the date of such Prospectus or amendment or supplement, conformed and will conform in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. At each Settlement Date, the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
as of such date, will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. The Registration Statement, when
it became or becomes effective, did not, and will not, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus and any amendment or supplement
thereto, on the date thereof and at each Applicable Time (defined below), did not and will not include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The Incorporated Documents did not, and any further documents filed and incorporated by reference therein will not, when
filed with the Commission, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such
document or necessary to make the statements in such document, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The foregoing shall not apply to statements in, or omissions from, any such document made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, information
furnished to the Company by Agent specifically for use in the preparation thereof.

5

(c) 
Conformity with Securities Act and Exchange Act. The Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto, and the Incorporated Documents, when such documents were or are filed with the Commission under
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or became or become effective under the Securities Act, as the case may be, conformed and will
conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable.

(d) 
Financial Information. The financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
the Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, together with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated and the results of operations, cash flows and changes
in stockholders equity of the Company for the periods specified and have been prepared in all material respects in compliance
with the requirements of the Securities Act and Exchange Act and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis (except for (i) such adjustments to accounting standards and practices
as are noted therein, (ii) in the case of unaudited interim financial statements, to the extent such financial statements may not
include footnotes required by GAAP or may be condensed or summary statements and (iii) such adjustments which will not be material,
either individually or in the aggregate) during the periods involved; the other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company
contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any,
are in all material respects accurately and fairly presented and prepared on a basis consistent with the financial statements and books
and records of the Company; there are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be included or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, or the Prospectus that are not included or incorporated by reference as required; the Company
does not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), not described
in the Registration Statement (excluding the exhibits thereto), and the Prospectus; and all disclosures contained or incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, regarding non-GAAP financial
measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission) comply in all material respects with Regulation
G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable.

(e) 
Conformity with EDGAR Filing. The Prospectus delivered to the Agent for use in connection with the sale of the Placement
Shares pursuant to this Agreement will be identical to the versions of the Prospectus created to be transmitted to the Commission for
filing via EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

6

(f) 
Organization. The Company is duly organized, validly existing as a corporation and in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of organization. The Company is, and will be, duly licensed or qualified as a foreign corporation for transaction of business
and in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business
requires such license or qualification, and has all corporate power and authority necessary to own or hold its properties and to conduct
its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing
or have such power or authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on or affecting the assets,
business, operations, earnings, properties, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects, stockholders equity or results of operations
of the Company or prevent or materially interfere with consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (a Material Adverse
Effect).

(g) 
Subsidiaries. The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any corporation, association or other entity
other than the subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most recently ended fiscal
year. The Company owns directly or indirectly, all of the equity interests of its subsidiaries free and clear of any lien, charge, security
interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal or other restriction, and all the equity interests of its subsidiaries are validly issued
and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights.

(h) 
No Violation or Default. The Company is not (i) in violation of its charter or by-laws or similar organizational
documents; (ii) in default, and no event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a default,
in the due performance or observance of any term, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement
or other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound or to which any of the property or
assets of the Company is subject; or (iii) in violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any
court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii) above,
for any such violation or default that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys
knowledge, no other party under any material contract or other agreement to which it is a party is in default in any respect thereunder
where such default would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(i) 
No Material Adverse Effect. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, (including any document deemed incorporated by reference
therein), there has not been (i) any Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any transaction which is material to the Company, (iii) any
obligation or liability, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), incurred by the Company which is material
to the Company, (iv) any material change in the capital stock or outstanding long-term indebtedness (other than (A) the grant
of additional awards under equity incentive plans, (B) changes in the number of outstanding Common Stock due to the issuance of
shares upon exercise or conversion of securities exercisable for or convertible into Common Stock outstanding on the date hereof, (C) any
repurchase of capital stock of the Company, (D) as a result of the sale of Placement Shares, or (E) other than as publicly
reported or announced), or (v) any dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company
other than in each case above in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus
(including any document deemed incorporated by reference therein).

7

(j) 
Capitalization. The issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been validly issued, are fully paid
and non-assessable and, other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, are not subject to any preemptive rights,
rights of first refusal or similar rights. The Company has an authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus as of the dates referred to therein (other than the grant of additional options, restricted stock units
or other equity compensation granted pursuant to the Companys existing equity compensation plans, or changes in the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company due to the issuance of shares upon the exercise or conversion of securities exercisable
for, or convertible into, Common Stock outstanding on the date hereof) and such authorized capital stock conforms to the description
thereof set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The description of the securities of the Company in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus is complete and accurate in all material respects. As of the date referred to therein, and except as otherwise
disclosed in the Incorporated Documents, the Company does not have outstanding any options to purchase, or any rights or warrants to
subscribe for, or any securities or obligations convertible into, or exchangeable for, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell,
any shares of capital stock or other securities.

(k) 
Authorization; Enforceability. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a legal,
valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (i) to the extent that enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and
by general equitable principles and (ii) the indemnification and contribution provisions of Section 10 hereof may be limited
by federal or state securities laws and public policy considered in respect thereof.

(l) 
Authorization of Placement Shares. The Placement Shares, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the
board of directors of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, against payment therefor as provided herein, will be duly and
validly authorized and issued and fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of any pledge, lien, encumbrance, security interest or
other claim, including any statutory or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights,
and will be registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The Placement Shares, when issued, will conform in all material
respects to the description thereof set forth in or incorporated into the Prospectus.

(m) 
No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with
any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company
of this Agreement, the issuance and sale by the Company of the Placement Shares, except for such consents, approvals, authorizations,
orders and registrations or qualifications as may be required under applicable state securities laws or by the by-laws and rules of the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) or the Exchange in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares
by the Agent.

8

(n) 
No Preferential Rights. (i) No person, as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated
under the Securities Act (each, a Person), has the right, contractual or otherwise, to cause the Company to issue or sell
to such Person any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company (other than upon the exercise
of outstanding options or warrants to purchase Common Stock, the settlement of restricted stock units or performance stock units or restricted
shares of common stock, the conversion of convertible securities, or upon the exercise of options or other equity awards that may be
granted under the Companys stock option or equity incentive plan(s) or as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement or
the Prospectus), (ii) no Person has any preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal, or any other rights (whether
pursuant to a poison pill provision or otherwise) to purchase any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or
other securities of the Company, (iii) no Person has the right to act as an underwriter or as a financial advisor to the Company
in connection with the offer and sale of Common Stock, and (iv) no Person has the right, contractual or otherwise, to require the
Company to register under the Securities Act any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company,
or to include any such shares or other securities in the Registration Statement or the offering contemplated thereby, whether as a result
of the filing or effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the sale of the Placement Shares as contemplated thereby or otherwise.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and Agent acknowledge that the Registration Statement and Prospectus registers 340,134 shares
of common stock owned by selling shareholders that were received in the Companys most recent private placement

(o) 
Independent Public Accountant. Deloitte & Touche LLP (the Accountant), whose report on the financial
statements of the Company is filed with the Commission as part of the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
the Commission and incorporated into the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, are and, during the periods covered by their report,
were an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). To the Companys knowledge, the Accountant is not in violation of the auditor
independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) with respect to the Company.

(p) 
Enforceability of Agreements. All agreements between the Company and third parties expressly referenced in the Prospectus,
other than those that have expired by their terms or whose termination is disclosed in documents filed by the Company on EDGAR, are legal,
valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that (i) enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and
by general equitable principles and (ii) the indemnification provisions of certain agreements may be limited by federal or state
securities laws or public policy considerations in respect thereof, and except for any unenforceability that, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) No Litigation.
Except as otherwise disclosed in the Incorporated Documents, there are no legal, governmental or regulatory actions, suits or proceedings
pending, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, to which the Company is a party
or to which any property of the Company is the subject that, individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company
would have a Material Adverse Effect or materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this
Agreement; to the Companys knowledge, no such actions, suits or proceedings are threatened or contemplated by any governmental
or regulatory authority or threatened by others that, individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company, would
have a Material Adverse effect; and there are no current or pending legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, suits
or proceedings that are required under the Securities Act to be described in the Prospectus that are not so described in the Prospectus
or the other Incorporated Documents.

9

(r) 
Licenses and Permits. The Company possesses or has obtained, all licenses, certificates, consents, orders, approvals, permits
and other authorizations issued by, and have made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign
governmental or regulatory authorities that are necessary for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or the conduct of
their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (the Permits), except
where the failure to possess, obtain or make the same would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company has not received written notice of any proceeding relating to revocation or modification of any such Permit
or has any reason to believe that such Permit will not be renewed in the ordinary course, except where the failure to obtain any such
renewal would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(s) 
No Material Defaults. The Company has not defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental
on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not
filed a report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the filing of its last Annual Report on Form 10-K, indicating
that it (i) has failed to pay any dividend or sinking fund installment on preferred stock or (ii) has defaulted on any installment on
indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect

(t) S-3
Eligibility. At the time the Registration Statement was declared effective, and at the time the Companys most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K was filed with the Commission, the Company met or will meet the then applicable requirements for the use of Form
S-3 under the Securities Act. As of the close of trading on the Exchange on January 17, 2025, the aggregate market value of the outstanding
voting and non-voting common equity (as defined in Rule 405) of the Company held by persons other than affiliates of the Company (pursuant
to Rule 144 of the Securities Act, those that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, control, or are controlled
by, or are under common control with, the Company) (the Non-Affiliate Shares), was approximately $30,959,680 (calculated
by multiplying $2.13, the price at which the common equity of the Company was last sold on the Exchange on December 3, 2024, a date that
is within 60 calendar days of the date hereof, times 14,535,061, the number of Non-Affiliate Shares). The Company is not a shell company
(as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) and has not been a shell company for at least 12 calendar months previously and if
it has been a shell company at any time previously, has filed current Form 10 information (as defined in General Instruction I.B.6 of
Form S-3) with the Commission at least 12 calendar months previously reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

10

(u) 
Certain Market Activities. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any of its directors, officers or
controlling persons has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed, or that has constituted or would reasonably be expected to
cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Placement Shares.

(v) 
Broker/Dealer Relationships. Neither the Company nor any related entities (i) is required to register as a broker
or dealer in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act or (ii) directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls or is a person associated with a member or associated person of a member (within
the meaning set forth in the FINRA Manual).

(w) 
No Reliance. The Company has not relied upon the Agent or legal counsel for the Agent for any legal, tax or accounting
advice in connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares.

(x) 
Taxes. The Company has filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns which have been required to be filed and
paid all taxes shown thereon through the date hereof, to the extent that such taxes have become due and are not being contested in good
faith, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as otherwise disclosed
in or contemplated by the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company which
has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge
of any federal, state or other governmental tax deficiency, penalty or assessment which has been or might be asserted or threatened against
it which reasonably would be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(y) 
Title to Real and Personal Property. The Company has good and valid title in fee simple to all items of real property and
good and valid title to all personal property described in the Registration Statement or Prospectus as being owned by it that are material
to the business of the Company, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims, except those that (i) do not
materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or (ii) would not reasonably expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property described in the Registration Statement or Prospectus
as being leased by the Company is held by it under valid, existing and enforceable leases, except those that (A) do not materially
interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such property by the Company or (B) would not be reasonably expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

(z) 
Intellectual Property. The Company owns or possesses adequate enforceable rights to use all patents, patent applications,
trademarks (both registered and unregistered), service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights,
licenses and know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems
or procedures) (collectively, the Intellectual Property), necessary for the conduct of its business as conducted
as of the date hereof, except to the extent that the failure to own or possess adequate rights to use such Intellectual Property would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; the Company has not received any written
notice of any claim of infringement or conflict which asserted Intellectual Property rights of others, which infringement or conflict,
if the subject of an unfavorable decision, would result in a Material Adverse Effect; there are no pending, or to the Companys
knowledge, threatened judicial proceedings or interference proceedings against the Company challenging the Companys rights in
or to or the validity of the scope of any of the Companys patents, patent applications or proprietary information.

11

(aa) 
Environmental Laws. The Company (i) is in compliance with any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign
laws, rules, regulations, decisions and orders relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or
toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental Laws); (ii) has received
and is in compliance with all permits, licenses or other approvals required of it under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its
businesses as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; and (iii) has not received notice of any actual or potential
liability for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants,
except, in the case of any of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above, for any such failure to comply or failure to receive required
permits, licenses, other approvals or liability as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(bb) 
Disclosure Controls. The Company maintains systems of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets
is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
The Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting (other than as set forth in the
Prospectus). Since the date of the latest audited financial statements of the Company included in the Prospectus, there has been no change
in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting (other than as set forth in the Prospectus). The Company has established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15) for the Company and designed such disclosure
controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to the certifying officers by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q, as the case may be, is being prepared. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys
controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of the Form 10-K for the fiscal year most recently ended
(such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its Form 10-K for the fiscal year most recently ended
the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no significant changes in the Companys internal controls
(as such term is defined in Item 307(b) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act) or, to the Companys knowledge, in other
factors that could significantly affect the Companys internal controls. To the knowledge of the Company, the Companys internal
controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures are effective.

12

(cc) 
Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is not aware of any failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors
or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with any applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the applicable rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder in all material respects. Each of the principal executive officer and the principal financial
officer of the Company (or each former principal executive officer of the Company and each former principal financial officer of the
Company as applicable) has made all certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to all reports,
schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it or furnished by it to the Commission during the past 12 months.
For purposes of the preceding sentence, principal executive officer and principal financial officer shall
have the meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(dd) 
Finders Fees. The Company has not incurred any liability for any finders fees, brokerage commissions or similar
payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated, except as may otherwise exist with respect to the Agent pursuant to
this Agreement.

(ee) 
Labor Disputes. No labor disturbance by or dispute with employees of the Company exists or, to the knowledge of the
Company, is threatened which would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ff) 
Investment Company Act. The Company is not or after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Placement Shares, will
not be an investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company, as such terms
are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

(gg) 
Operations. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial
record keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering
statutes of all jurisdictions to which the Company is subject, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules,
regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws), except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental
agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened.

(hh) 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. There are no transactions, arrangements and other relationships between and/or among the
Company, and/or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its affiliates and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to,
any structural finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity (each, an Off Balance Sheet Transaction) that
could reasonably be expected to affect materially the Companys liquidity or the availability of or requirements for its capital
resources, including those Off Balance Sheet Transactions described in the Commissions Statement about Managements Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations (Release Nos. 33-8056; 34-45321; FR-61), required to be described in the
Prospectus which have not been described as required.

13

(ii) 
Underwriter Agreements. Other than with respect to this Agreement, the Company is not a party to any agreement with an
agent or underwriter for any other at the market or continuous equity transaction.

(jj) 
ERISA. To the knowledge of the Company, each material employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), that is maintained, administered or contributed
to by the Company or any of its affiliates for employees or former employees of the Company has been maintained in material compliance
with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); no prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 406
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred which would result in a material liability to the Company with respect to any
such plan excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption; and for each such plan that is subject
to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no material accumulated funding deficiency
as defined in Section 412 of the Code has been incurred, whether or not waived, and the fair market value of the assets of each
such plan (excluding for these purposes accrued but unpaid contributions) exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such
plan determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions.

(kk) 
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E
of the Exchange Act) (a Forward-Looking Statement) contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus has been
made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith. The Forward-Looking Statements incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus from the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
most recently ended (i) are within the coverage of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements set forth in Section 27A
of the Securities Act, Rule 175(b) under the Securities Act or Rule 3b-6 under the Exchange Act, as applicable, (ii) were made by
the Company with a reasonable basis and in good faith and reflect the Companys good faith commercially reasonable best estimate
of the matters described therein, and (iii) have been prepared in accordance with Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities
Act.

(ll) 
Agent Purchases. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Agent has informed the Company that the Agent may, to the
extent permitted under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, purchase and sell Common Stock for its own account while this Agreement
is in effect, provided, that (i) no such purchase or sales shall take place while a Placement Notice is in effect (except to the
extent each Agent may engage in sales of Placement Shares purchased or deemed purchased from the Company as a riskless principal
or in a similar capacity) and (ii) the Company shall not be deemed to have authorized or consented to any such purchases or sales
by the Agent.

(mm) 
Margin Rules. Neither the issuance, sale and delivery of the Placement Shares nor the application of the proceeds thereof
by the Company as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation of such Board of Governors.

14

(nn) 
Insurance. The Company carries, or is covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as the Company reasonably
believes is adequate for the conduct of its business and as is customary for companies of a similar size engaged in similar businesses
in similar industries.

(oo) 
No Improper Practices. (i) Neither the Company, nor to the Companys knowledge, any of its executive
officers has, in the past five years, made any unlawful contributions to any candidate for any political office (or failed fully to disclose
any contribution in violation of law) or made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or candidate for, any federal, state,
municipal, or foreign office or other person charged with similar public or quasi-public duty in violation of any law or of the character
required to be disclosed in the Prospectus; (ii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or, to
the Companys knowledge, any affiliate of the Company, on the one hand, and the directors, officers and stockholders of the Company,
that is required by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iii) no
relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, or any affiliate of the Company, on the one hand, and the directors,
officers, stockholders or directors of the Company that is required by the rules of FINRA to be described in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iv) there are no material outstanding loans or advances or material guarantees of
indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of its officers or directors or any of the members of the families of any of
them; (v) the Company has not offered, or caused any placement agent to offer, Common Stock to any person with the intent to influence
unlawfully (A) a customer or supplier of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers level or type of business
with the Company or (B) a trade journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or any of
its products or services, and, (vi) neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any employee or agent of the Company
has made any payment of funds of the Company or received or retained any funds in violation of any law, rule or regulation (including,
without limitation, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, which payment, receipt or retention of funds is of a character required
to be disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus).

(pp) 
Compliance with Applicable Laws. The Company has not been advised, and has no reason to believe, that it and each of its
subsidiaries are not conducting business in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions in which
it is conducting business, except where failure to be so in compliance would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(qq) 
Status Under the Securities Act. The Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act at the times specified in Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Placement Shares.

(rr) 
No Misstatement or Omission in an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its
issue date and as of each Applicable Time (as defined in Section 24 below), did not, does not and will not include any information
that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including
any incorporated document deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded or modified. The foregoing sentence does not apply
to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein.

15

(ss) 
No Conflicts. Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor the issuance, offering or sale of the Placement Shares,
nor the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated herein and therein, nor the compliance by the Company with the terms and
provisions hereof and thereof will conflict with, or will result in a breach of, any of the terms and provisions of, or has constituted
or will constitute a default under, or has resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance
upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any contract or other agreement to which the Company may be bound
or to which any of the property or assets of the Company is subject, except (i) such conflicts, breaches or defaults as may have
been waived and (ii) such conflicts, breaches and defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect; nor will such action
result (x) in any violation of the provisions of the organizational or governing documents of the Company, or (y) in any
material violation of the provisions of any statute or any order, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or of any court or of
any federal, state or other regulatory authority or other government body having jurisdiction over the Company.

(tt) 
OFAC. Neither the Company or any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or representative of the Company is a government,
individual or entity (in this paragraph (tt), Person) that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is, currently
subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC),
the United Nations Security Council (UNSC), the European Union (EU), Her Majestys Treasury
(HMT), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor located, organized
or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions; provided however, that for the purposes of this paragraph (tt),
no person shall be an affiliate of the Company solely by reason of owning less than a majority of any class of voting securities of the
Company. The Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Securities hereunder, or lend, contribute
or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing
the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC. The Company represents and covenants that,
except as detailed in the Prospectus, for the past 5 years, the Company has not knowingly engaged in, is not now knowingly engaged in,
and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing
or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions.

(uu) 
Stock Transfer Taxes. On each Settlement Date, all stock transfer or other taxes (other than income taxes) which are required
to be paid in connection with the sale and transfer of the Placement Shares to be sold hereunder will be, or will have been, fully paid
or provided for by the Company and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been fully complied with.

Any certificate signed by
an officer of the Company and delivered to the Agent or to counsel for the Agent pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement shall
be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company, as applicable, to the Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

16

7. 
Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the Agent that:

(a) Registration
Statement Amendments. After the date of this Agreement and during any period in which a Prospectus relating to any Placement Shares
is required to be delivered by the Agent under the Securities Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied
pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act) (the Prospectus Delivery Period) (i) the Company will notify the
Agent promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference,
has been filed with the Commission and/or has become effective or any subsequent supplement to the Prospectus has been filed and of any
request by the Commission for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information,
(ii) the Company will prepare and file with the Commission, promptly upon the Agents request, any amendments or supplements to
the Registration Statement or Prospectus that, in such Agents reasonable opinion, may be necessary or advisable in connection
with the distribution of the Placement Shares by the Agent (provided, however, that the failure of the Agent to make such request shall
not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely on the representations and
warranties made by the Company in this Agreement and provided, further, that the only remedy the Agent shall have with respect to the
failure to make such filing shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement until such amendment or supplement is filed); (iii) the
Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares or a security
convertible into the Placement Shares unless a copy thereof has been submitted to the Agent within a reasonable period of time before
the filing and the Agent has not objected thereto (provided, however, that (A) the failure of the Agent to make such objection shall
not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Agents right to rely on the representations and
warranties made by the Company in this Agreement and (B) the Company has no obligation to provide the Agent any advance copy of
such filing or to provide the Agent an opportunity to object to such filing if the filing does not name the Agent or does not relate
to the transaction herein provided; and provided, further, that the only remedy the Agent shall have with respect to the failure to by
the Company to obtain such consent shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement) and the Company will furnish to the Agent at
the time of filing thereof a copy of any document that upon filing is deemed to be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement
or Prospectus, except for those documents available via EDGAR; and (iv) the Company will cause each amendment or supplement to the Prospectus
to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act or, in the case
of any document to be incorporated therein by reference, to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the Exchange Act, within
the time period prescribed (the determination to file or not file any amendment or supplement with the Commission under this Section
7(a), based on the Companys reasonable opinion or reasonable objections, shall be made exclusively by the Company).

(b) 
Notice of Commission Stop Orders. The Company will advise the Agent, promptly after it receives notice or obtains knowledge
thereof, of the issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Placement Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation
or threatening of any proceeding for any such purpose; and it will promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance
of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such a stop order should be issued. The Company will advise the Agent promptly after
it receives any request by the Commission for any amendments to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplements to the Prospectus
or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or for additional information related to the offering of the Placement Shares or for additional
information related to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus.

17

(c) 
Delivery of Prospectus; Subsequent Changes. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will comply with all requirements
imposed upon it by the Securities Act, as from time to time in force, and to file on or before their respective due dates all reports
and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Sections 13(a),
13(c), 14, 15(d) or any other provision of or under the Exchange Act. If the Company has omitted any information from the Registration
Statement pursuant to Rule 430A under the Securities Act, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the provisions of
and make all requisite filings with the Commission pursuant to said Rule 430A and to notify the Agent promptly of all such filings. If
during the Prospectus Delivery Period any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include
an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances then existing, not misleading, or if during the Prospectus Delivery Period it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration
Statement or Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the Company will promptly notify the Agent to suspend the offering of Placement
Shares during such period and the Company will promptly amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus (at the expense
of the Company) so as to correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance; provided, however, that the Company may delay
the filing of any amendment or supplement, if in the judgment of the Company, it is in the best interests of the Company.

(d) 
Listing of Placement Shares. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts
to cause the Placement Shares to be listed on the Exchange and to qualify the Placement Shares for sale under the securities laws of
such jurisdictions as the Agent reasonably designates and to continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution
of the Placement Shares; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith to qualify as a foreign corporation
or dealer in securities or file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction.

(e) 
Delivery of Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company will furnish to the Agent and its counsel (at the expense
of the Company) copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (including all documents incorporated by reference therein) and
all amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that are filed with the Commission during the Prospectus Delivery
Period (including all documents filed with the Commission during such period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein),
in each case as soon as reasonably practicable and in such quantities as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request and, at the
Agents request, will also furnish copies of the Prospectus to each exchange or market on which sales of the Placement Shares may
be made; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus) to the Agent to
the extent such document is available on EDGAR.

18

(f) 
[Reserved]

(g) 
Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the Net Proceeds as described in the Prospectus in the section entitled Use
of Proceeds.

(h) 
Notice of Other Sales. Without prior written notice to the Agent, the Company will not, directly or indirectly, offer to
sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Stock (other than the Placement Shares offered
pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire,
Common Stock during the period beginning on the date on which any Placement Notice is delivered to the Agent hereunder and ending on
the second (2nd) Trading Day immediately following the final Settlement Date with respect to Placement Shares sold pursuant
to such Placement Notice (or, if the Placement Notice has been terminated or suspended prior to the sale of all Placement Shares covered
by a Placement Notice, the date of such suspension or termination); and will not directly or indirectly in any other at the market
or continuous equity transaction offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Stock
(other than the Placement Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock,
warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Common Stock prior to the termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that such
restrictions will not be required in connection with the Companys issuance or sale of (i) Common Stock, restricted or performance
stock units, options to purchase Common Stock or Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options, pursuant to any employee or director
stock option or benefits plan, stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan (but not Common Stock subject to a waiver to exceed
plan limits in its dividend reinvestment plan) of the Company whether now in effect or hereafter implemented, (ii) Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of securities or the exercise of warrants, options or other rights in effect or outstanding, and disclosed in filings
by the Company available on EDGAR or otherwise in writing to the Agent, and (iii) Common Stock, or securities convertible into or exercisable
for Common Stock, offered and sold in a negotiated transaction to vendors, customers, strategic partners or potential strategic partners,
acquisition candidates or other investors conducted in a manner so as not to be integrated with the offering of Common Stock hereby.

(i) 
Change of Circumstances. The Company will, at any time during the pendency of a Placement Notice advise the Agent promptly
after it shall have received notice or obtained knowledge thereof, of any information or fact that would alter or affect in any material
respect any opinion, certificate, letter or other document required to be provided to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement.

(j) 
Due Diligence Cooperation. The Company will cooperate with any reasonable due diligence review conducted by the Agent or
its representatives in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, providing information and
making available documents and senior corporate officers, during regular business hours and at the Companys principal offices,
as the Agent may reasonably request.

(k) 
Required Filings Relating to Placement of Placement Shares. The Company agrees that on such dates as the Securities Act
shall require, the Company will (i) file a prospectus supplement with the Commission under the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b)
under the Securities Act (each and every filing under Rule 424(b), a Filing Date), which prospectus supplement will
set forth, within the relevant period, the amount of Placement Shares sold through the Agent, the Net Proceeds to the Company and the
compensation payable by the Company to the Agent with respect to such Placement Shares, and (ii) deliver such number of copies
of each such prospectus supplement to each exchange or market on which such sales were effected as may be required by the rules or regulations
of such exchange or market.

19

(l) 
Representation Dates; Certificate. On the date of this Agreement and within five (5) Trading Days of each time the
Company:

(i) 
files the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares or amends or supplements (other than a prospectus supplement relating solely
to an offering of securities other than the Placement Shares), the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement
Shares by means of a post-effective amendment, sticker, or supplement but not by means of incorporation of documents by reference into
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares;

(ii) 
files an annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (including any Form 10-K/A containing amended financial information
or a material amendment to the previously filed Form 10-K);

(iii) 
files a quarterly report on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act; or

(iv) 
files a current report on Form 8-K containing amended financial information (other than information furnished pursuant
to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01 of Form 8-K relating to the reclassification
of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144) under
the Exchange Act; (Each date of filing of one or more of the documents referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) shall be a
Representation Date)

the Company shall furnish the
Agent (but in the case of clause (iv) above only if the Agent reasonably determines that the information contained in such Form
8-K is material) with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l) (the Representation Date Certificate);
provided however, if no Placement Notice is pending at such Representation Date, then before the Company delivers a Placement Notice
or the Agent sells any Placement Shares, the Company shall provide the Agent with a Representation Date Certificate. The requirement
to provide a Representation Date Certificate shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Placement Notice
is pending, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Placement Notice hereunder (which
for such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date; provided, however, that
such waiver shall not apply for any Representation Date on which the Company files its annual report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the Company subsequently decides to sell Placement Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such
waiver and did not provide the Agent with a Representation Date Certificate, then before the Company delivers the Placement Notice or
the Agent sells any Placement Shares, the Company shall provide the Agent with a Representation Date Certificate, dated the date of the
Placement Notice.

20

(m) 
Legal Opinion. On the date of this Agreement, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent a written opinion and
negative assurance letter of Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP (Company Counsel), or other counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent and its counsel. Thereafter, within five (5) Trading Days
of each Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a Representation Date Certificate for which no
waiver is applicable, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agent a negative assurance letter of Company Counsel in form and
substance satisfactory to Agent and its counsel; provided however, if no placement notice is pending at such Representation Date, then
before the Company delivers a Placement Notice or the Agent sells any Placement Shares, the Company shall provide the Agent with such
negative assurance letter; provided, further, that in lieu of such negative assurance letter for subsequent periodic filings under the
Exchange Act, counsel may furnish the Agent with a letter (a Reliance Letter) to the effect that the Agent may rely
on a prior negative assurance letter delivered under this Section 7(m) to the same extent as if it were dated the date of such
letter (except that statements in such prior negative assurance letter shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus as amended or supplemented as of the date of the Reliance Letter).

(n) 
Comfort Letter. (1) On the date of this Agreement and (2) within five (5) Trading Days of each Representation
Date, with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(l) for which no
waiver is applicable, the Company shall cause its independent accountants to furnish the Agent letters (the Comfort Letters),
dated the date the Comfort Letter is delivered, which shall meet the requirements set forth in this Section 7(n); provided however,
if no placement notice is pending at such Representation Date, then before the Company delivers a Placement Notice or the Agent sells
any Placement Shares, the Company shall provide the Agent with the Comfort Letter; provided, further, that if requested by the Agent,
the Company shall cause a Comfort Letter to be furnished to the Agent within ten (10) Trading Days of the date of occurrence of
any material transaction or event, including the restatement of the Companys financial statements. The Comfort Letter from the
Companys independent accountants shall be in a form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, (i) confirming that they are
an independent public accounting firm within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the
PCAOB), (ii) stating, as of such date, the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the financial
information and other matters ordinarily covered by accountants comfort letters to underwriters in connection with
registered public offerings (the first such letter, the Initial Comfort Letter) and (iii) updating the Initial
Comfort Letter with any information that would have been included in the Initial Comfort Letter had it been given on such date and modified
as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letter.

(o) 
Market Activities. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result
in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security
of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of Common Stock or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Common Stock, or pay anyone
any compensation for soliciting purchases of the Placement Shares other than the Agent.

21

(p) 
Investment Company Act. The Company will conduct its affairs in such a manner so as to reasonably ensure that it will not
become, at any time prior to the termination of this Agreement, an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment
Company Act.

(q) 
No Offer to Sell. Other than an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus approved in advance by the Company and the Agent in
its capacity as agent hereunder, neither the Agent nor the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the Agent in
their capacity as such) will make, use, prepare, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under
the Securities Act), required to be filed with the Commission, that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy Placement
Shares hereunder.

(r) 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company will maintain and keep accurate books and records reflecting its assets and maintain internal
accounting controls in a manner designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and including those policies and procedures that (i) pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the Company, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of the
Companys consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that receipts and expenditures of the Company
are being made only in accordance with managements and the Companys directors authorization, and (iv) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Companys
assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
such controls and other procedures, including, without limitation, those required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
and the applicable regulations thereunder that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Commissions rules and forms, including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to the Companys management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to ensure that material information relating to
the Company is made known to it by others within the Company, particularly during the period in which such periodic reports are being
prepared.

8. 
Payment of Expenses. The Company will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement,
including (i) the preparation, filing, including any fees required by the Commission, and printing of the Registration Statement
(including financial statements and exhibits) as originally filed and of each amendment and supplement thereto, in such number as the
Agent shall deem reasonably necessary, (ii) the printing and delivery to the Agent of this Agreement and such other documents as
may be required in connection with the offering, purchase, sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares, (iii) the preparation,
issuance and delivery of the certificates, if any, for the Placement Shares to the Agent, including any stock or other transfer taxes
and any capital duties, stamp duties or other duties or taxes payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares to
the Agent, (iv) the fees and disbursements of the counsel, accountants and other advisors to the Company, (v) the reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket expenses of Agent, including fees and disbursements of counsel to the Agent (which amount shall include
all fees and disbursements of such counsel described in clause (ix) below), of $40,000, and quarterly disbursements of counsel to the
Agent of $5,000 each, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Agent of copies of any Permitted Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (defined
below) and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto in such number as the Agent shall deem necessary, (vii) the
preparation, printing and delivery to the Agent of copies of the blue sky survey and any Canadian wrapper and any supplements
thereto, in such number as the Agent shall deem necessary, (viii) the fees and expenses of the transfer agent and registrar for
the Common Stock, (ix) the fees and expenses incident to any review by FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Placement Shares,
and (x) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Placement Shares on the Exchange.

22

9. 
Conditions to Agents Obligations. The obligations of the Agent hereunder with respect to a Placement will be subject
to the continuing accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties made by the Company herein, to the due performance
by the Company of its obligations hereunder, to the completion by the Agent of a due diligence review satisfactory to it in its reasonable
judgment, and to the continuing satisfaction (or waiver by the Agent in its sole discretion) of the following additional conditions:

(a) 
Registration Statement Effective. The Registration Statement shall have become effective and shall be available for the
sale of all Placement Shares contemplated to be issued by any Placement Notice.

(b) 
No Material Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) receipt by the
Company of any request for additional information from the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority during the
period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the response to which would require any post-effective amendments or supplements
to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental
authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that
purpose; (iii) receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from
qualification of any of the Placement Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such
purpose; or (iv) the occurrence of any event that makes any material statement made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
or any material document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires
the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement,
it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and, that in the case of the Prospectus, it will not contain any materially
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(c) 
No Misstatement or Material Omission. Agent shall not have advised the Company that the Registration Statement or
Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion
is material, or omits to state a fact that in the Agents opinion is material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading.

23

(d) 
Material Changes. Except as contemplated in the Prospectus, or disclosed in the Companys reports filed with the
Commission, there shall not have been any material adverse change, on a consolidated basis, in the authorized capital stock of the Company
or any Material Adverse Effect, or any development that could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect, or a downgrading
in or withdrawal of the rating assigned to any of the Companys securities (other than asset backed securities) by any rating organization
or a public announcement by any rating organization that it has under surveillance or review its rating of any of the Companys
securities (other than asset backed securities), the effect of which, in the case of any such action by a rating organization described
above, in the reasonable judgment of the Agent (without relieving the Company of any obligation or liability it may otherwise have),
is so material as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering of the Placement Shares on the terms and in the
manner contemplated in the Prospectus.

(e) 
Legal Opinion. The Agent shall have received the opinions of Company Counsel required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(m)
on or before the date on which such delivery of such opinion is required pursuant to Section 7(m).

(f) 
Comfort Letter. The Agent shall have received the Comfort Letter required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(n)
on or before the date on which such delivery of such Comfort Letter is required pursuant to Section 7(n).

(g) 
Representation Certificate. The Agent shall have received the certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(l)
on or before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 7(l).

(h) 
Secretarys Certificate. On the date of this Agreement, the Agent shall have received a certificate, signed on behalf
of the Company by its corporate Secretary, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel.

(i) 
No Suspension. Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended on the Exchange, and the Common Stock shall
not have been delisted from the Exchange.

(j) 
Other Materials. On each date on which the Company is required to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(l),
the Company shall have furnished to the Agent such appropriate further information, certificates and documents as the Agent may reasonably
request. All such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents will be in compliance with the provisions hereof. The Company will
furnish the Agent with such conformed copies of such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents as the Agent shall reasonably
request.

(k) 
Securities Act Filings Made. All filings with the Commission required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act to have been
filed prior to the issuance of any Placement Notice hereunder shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed for such
filing by Rule 424.

24

(l) 
Approval for Listing. The Placement Shares shall either have been approved for listing quotation on the Exchange, subject
only to notice of issuance, or the Company shall have filed an application for listing quotation of the Placement Shares on the Exchange
at, or prior to, the issuance of any Placement Notice.

(m) 
No Termination Event. There shall not have occurred any event that would permit the Agent to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 12(a).

10. 
Indemnification and Contribution.

(a) 
Company Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, its partners, members, directors,
officers, employees and agents and each person, if any, who controls the Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act as follows:

(i) 
against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and reasonable expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, arising out
of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any
amendment thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading, or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included
in any related Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged
omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading (except to the extent that such untrue statement, misstatement or omission by the Company is based on
information provided to the Company by the Agent in writing);

(ii) 
against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and reasonable documented expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several,
to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency
or body, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue
statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 10(d) below) any such settlement is effected with the written consent
of the Agent, which consent shall not unreasonably be delayed or withheld; and

(iii) 
against any and all documented expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel), reasonably incurred
in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body,
commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement
or omission, to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above, provided, however, that
this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement
or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to the Company by the Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or in any related Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto).

25

(b) 
Agent Indemnification. Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors and each officer of the
Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who (i) controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or (ii) is controlled by or is under common control with the Company
against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 10(a), as incurred,
but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement
(or any amendments thereto) or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with information
relating to the Agent and furnished to the Company in writing by the Agent expressly for use therein.

(c) 
Procedure. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 10 will, promptly after
receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying
party or parties under this Section 10, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy
of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any
liability that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 10 and (ii) any liability that it
may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 10 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission
results in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified
party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the
extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the
action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of the action,
with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party
of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any legal or other expenses
except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection
with the defense. The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and
other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (1) the employment of counsel by the indemnified
party has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (2) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on written
advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition
to those available to the indemnifying party, (3) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on written advice of counsel to
the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the
right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party) or (4) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed
counsel to assume the defense of such action within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action, in each
of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties.
It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same
jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice
in such jurisdiction at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges will be
reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly after the indemnifying party receives a written invoice relating to fees, disbursements
and other charges in reasonable detail. An indemnifying party will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim
effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party,
settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the
matters contemplated by this Section 10 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise
or consent (1) includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation,
proceeding or claim and (2) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or
on behalf of any indemnified party.

26

(d) 
Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided
for in the foregoing paragraphs of this Section 10 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be
unavailable from the Company or the Agent, the Company and the Agent will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses
and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement
of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted, but after deducting any contribution received by the Company from persons other
than the Agent, such as persons who control the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act, officers of the Company who signed
the Registration Statement and directors of the Company, who also may be liable for contribution) to which the Company and the Agent
may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and
the Agent on the other hand. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Agent on the other hand shall be deemed
to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares (before deducting expenses) received by
the Company bear to the total compensation received by the Agent (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Placement Shares on behalf
of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation
of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing
sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, with respect to the statements
or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant
equitable considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things,
whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to
information supplied by the Company or the Agent, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions
pursuant to this Section 10(d) were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not
take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of
the loss, claim, liability, expense, or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 10(d) shall be
deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section 10(d), any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party
in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 10(c) hereof. Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 10(d), the Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions
received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f)
of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For
purposes of this Section 10(d), any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act, and
any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Agent, will have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each
officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each
case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against
such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made under this Section 10(d), will notify any such party or parties
from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may
be sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 10(d) except to the extent that the failure to so notify
such other party materially prejudiced the substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a
settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section 10(c) hereof, no party will be liable for contribution with respect
to any action or claim settled without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 10(c) hereof.

27

11. 
Additional Covenants.

(a) 
Representations and Covenants of the Agent. The Agent represents and warrants that it is duly registered as a broker-dealer
under FINRA, the Exchange Act and the applicable statutes and regulations of each state in which the Placement Shares will be offered
and sold, except such states in which the Agent is exempt from registration or such registration is not otherwise required. The Agent
shall continue, for the term of this Agreement, to be duly registered as a broker-dealer under FINRA, the Exchange Act and the applicable
statutes and regulations of each state in which the Placement Shares will be offered and sold, except such states in which the Agent
is exempt from registration or such registration is not otherwise required, during the term of this Agreement. The Agent shall comply
with all applicable law and regulations in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the issuance and
sale through the Agent of the Placement Shares.

(b) 
Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in Section 10
of this Agreement and all representations and warranties of the Company herein or in certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive,
as of their respective dates, regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent, any controlling persons, or
the Company (or any of their respective officers, directors or controlling persons), (ii) delivery and acceptance of the Placement
Shares and payment therefor or (iii) any termination of this Agreement, for a period of one (1) year commencing on the date such
representations and warranties are made.

28

12. 
Termination.

(a) 
The Agent may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, as hereinafter specified at any time (1) if there has been,
since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, any Material Adverse
Effect, or any development that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or, in the sole judgment of the Agent, is material
and adverse and makes it impractical or inadvisable to market the Placement Shares or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Placement
Shares, (2) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or the international
financial markets, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving
a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is such
as to make it, in the judgment of the Agent, impracticable or inadvisable to market the Placement Shares or to enforce contracts for
the sale of the Placement Shares, (3) if trading in the Common Stock has been suspended or limited by the Commission or the Exchange,
or if trading generally on the Exchange has been suspended or limited, or minimum prices for trading have been fixed on the Exchange,
(4) if any suspension of trading of any securities of the Company on any exchange or in the over-the-counter market shall have occurred
and be continuing, (5) if a major disruption of securities settlements or clearance services in the United States shall have occurred
and be continuing, or (6) if a banking moratorium has been declared by either U.S. Federal or New York authorities. Any such termination
shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 8 (Expenses), Section 10 (Indemnification
and Contribution), Section 11 (Additional Covenants), Section 17 (Governing Law and Time; Waiver of Jury Trial) and Section 18
(Consent to Jurisdiction) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. If the Agent elects to terminate
this Agreement as provided in this Section 12(a), the Agent shall provide the required notice as specified in Section 13 (Notices).

(b) 
The Company shall have the right, by giving five (5) days written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate this Agreement
in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to
any other party except that the provisions of Section 8, Section 10, Section 11, Section 17 and Section 18
hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(c) 
The Agent shall have the right, by giving five (5) days written notice as hereinafter specified, to terminate this Agreement
in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to
any other party except that the provisions of Section 8, Section 10, Section 11, Section 17 and Section 18
hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(d) 
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 12, this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the issuance and
sale of all of the Placement Shares through the Agent on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; provided that the
provisions of Section 8, Section 10, Section 11, Section 17 and Section 18 hereof shall remain in full
force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(e) 
This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Sections 12(a), (b), (c), or (d) above
or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties; provided, however, that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases
be deemed to provide that Section 8, Section 10, Section 11, Section 17 and Section 18 shall remain in
full force and effect.

29

(f) 
Any termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided, however, that
such termination shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Agent or the Company,
as the case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Placement Shares, such Placement Shares
shall settle in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

(g) 
Subject to the additional limitations set forth in Section 8 of this Agreement, in the event of termination of this Agreement
prior to the sale of any Placement Shares, the Agent shall be entitled only to reimbursement of its out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred.

13. 
Notices. All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given by any party to any other party pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing, unless otherwise specified, and if sent to the Agent, shall be delivered to:

Roth Capital Partners, LLC

888 San Clemente

Newport Beach, CA 92660

Fax No.: (949) 720-7215

Attention: Managing Director

and

Pryor Cashman LLP

7 Times Square

New York, NY 10036

Attn: M. Ali Panjwani, Esq.

E-mail: [ ]

and if to the Company, shall be delivered to:

Fathom Holdings Inc.

2000 Regency Parkway Drive, Suite 300

Cary, North Carolina 27518

Attn: Marco Fregenal

E-mail: [ marco@fathominc.com]

with a copy to:

Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP

4101 Lake Boone Trail, Suite 300

Raleigh, North Carolina 27607

Attn: Donald R. Reynolds, Esq.

E-mail: [ ]

30

Each party to this Agreement
may change such address for notices by sending to the parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose. Each
such notice or other communication shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally or by verifiable facsimile transmission
(with an original to follow) on or before 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on a Business Day or, if such day is not a Business Day,
on the next succeeding Business Day, (ii) on the next Business Day after timely delivery to a nationally-recognized overnight courier
and (iii) on the Business Day actually received if deposited in the U.S. mail (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid).

An electronic communication
(Electronic Notice) shall be deemed written notice for purposes of this Section 13 if sent to the electronic
mail address specified by the receiving party under separate cover. Electronic Notice shall be deemed received at the time the party
sending Electronic Notice receives verification of receipt by the receiving party. Any party receiving Electronic Notice may request
and shall be entitled to receive the notice on paper, in a nonelectronic form (Nonelectronic Notice) which shall
be sent to the requesting party within ten (10) days of receipt of the written request for Nonelectronic Notice.

14. 
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Agent and
their respective successors and the affiliates, controlling persons, officers and directors referred to in Section 10 hereof. References
to any of the parties contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the successors and permitted assigns of such party. Nothing
in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors
and permitted assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided
in this Agreement. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other
party; provided, however, that the Agent may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to an affiliate thereof without obtaining the
Companys consent.

15. 
Adjustments for Stock Splits. The parties acknowledge and agree that all share-related numbers contained in this Agreement
shall be adjusted to take into account any stock split, stock dividend or similar event effected with respect to the Placement Shares.

16. 
Entire Agreement; Amendment; Severability. This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits attached hereto and Placement
Notices issued pursuant hereto) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings,
both written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof
may be amended except pursuant to a written instrument executed by the Company and the Agent. In the event that any one or more of the
provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable as written by
a court of competent jurisdiction, then such provision shall be given full force and effect to the fullest possible extent that it is
valid, legal and enforceable, and the remainder of the terms and provisions herein shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or
unenforceable term or provision was not contained herein, but only to the extent that giving effect to such provision and the remainder
of the terms and provisions hereof shall be in accordance with the intent of the parties as reflected in this Agreement.

31

17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND TIME; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS. SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME.
THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

18. 
CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL
COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM
THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT, THAT SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT
FORUM OR THAT THE VENUE OF SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS IMPROPER. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS
AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF (CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL,
RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED) TO SUCH PARTY AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE
SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY
WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW.

19. 
Use of Information. The Agent may not use any information gained in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including due diligence, to advise any party with respect to transactions not expressly approved by the
Company.

20. 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed Agreement by one party to the other may be
made by facsimile transmission.

21. 
Effect of Headings. The section and Exhibit headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction
hereof.

22. 
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses.

The Company represents, warrants and agrees that,
unless it obtains the prior consent of the Agent, and the Agent represents, warrants and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior consent
of the Company, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Placement Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405, required to be
filed with the Commission. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Agent or by the Company, as the case may be, is hereinafter
referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents and warrants that it has treated and agrees
that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433,
and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including
timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping.

32

23. 
Absence of Fiduciary Relationship.

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that:

(a) 
The Agent is acting solely as agent in connection with the public offering of the Placement Shares and in connection with each
transaction contemplated by this Agreement and the process leading to such transactions, and no fiduciary or advisory relationship between
the Company or any of its respective affiliates, stockholders (or other equity holders), creditors or employees or any other party, on
the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, has been or will be created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, irrespective of whether or not the Agent has advised or is advising the Company on other matters, and the Agent has no obligation
to the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement;

(b) 
it is capable of evaluating and understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement;

(c) 
the Agent has not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and it has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate;

(d) 
it is aware that the Agent and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve interests that differ
from those of the Company and the Agent has no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Company by virtue of any
fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship or otherwise; and

(e) 
it waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Agent for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged
breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the sale of Placement Shares under this Agreement and agrees that the Agent shall not have
any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) to it in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any
person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on its behalf or in right of it or the Company, employees or creditors of Company, other than
in respect of the Agents obligations under this Agreement and to keep information provided by the Company to the Agent and the
Agents counsel confidential to the extent not otherwise publicly-available.

33

24. 
Definitions.

As used in this Agreement,
the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below:

Applicable Time
means (i) each Representation Date, (ii) the time of each sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement, and (iii) each
Settlement Date.

Business Day
shall mean any day on which the Exchange and commercial banks in the City of New York are open for business.

Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, relating to the Placement
Shares that (1) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (2) is a road show that is a written
communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (3) is
exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Placement Shares or of the offering that
does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be
filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g) under the Securities Act.

Rule 172,
Rule 405, Rule 415, Rule 424, Rule 424(b),
Rule 430B, and Rule 433 refer to such rules under the Securities Act.

Trading Day
means any day on which shares of Common Stock are purchased and sold on the Exchange.

All references in this Agreement
to financial statements and schedules and other information that is contained, included or stated
in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such
financial statements and schedules and other information that is incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus,
as the case may be.

All references in this Agreement
to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy
filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR; all references in this Agreement to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (other than any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectuses that, pursuant to Rule 433, are not required to be filed with the Commission) shall be deemed to include
the copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR; and all references in this Agreement to supplements to the
Prospectus shall include, without limitation, any supplements, wrappers or similar materials prepared in connection with
any offering, sale or private placement of any Placement Shares by the Agent outside of the United States.

34

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Company and the Agent, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon
this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between the Company and the Agent.

Very truly yours, 

FATHOM HOLDINGS,
INC.

By: /s/
Marco Fregenal

Name: Marco Fregenal

Title: President, Chief Executive Officer

ACCEPTED as of the
date first-above written:

ROTH CAPITAL
PARTNERS, LLC

By: /s/ Aaron M. Gurewitz

Name: Aaron M. Gurewitz

Title: President & Head of Investment Banking

35

SCHEDULE 1

FORM OF PLACEMENT NOTICE

From: FATHOM HOLDINGS, INC

To: ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC

Attention: 

Subject: Placement Notice

Date: 

Gentlemen: 

Pursuant to the terms and
subject to the conditions contained in the Sales Agreement between, Fathom Holdings Inc. (the Company) and Roth Capital
Partners, LLC (Agent), dated January 23, 2025, the Company hereby requests that the Agent sell up to ____________ of the
Companys Common Stock, no par value, at a minimum market price of $_______ per share, during the time period beginning [month,
day, time] and ending [month, day, time].

SCHEDULE 2

Compensation

The Company shall pay to the Agent in cash, upon
each sale of Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement, an amount equal to 3.0% of the gross proceeds from each sale of Placement Shares.

SCHEDULE 3

Notice Parties

The Company

[ ]

The Agent

RothECM@roth.com

EXHIBIT 7(m)

Form of Representation Date Certificate

______ ___, 2025

This Representation Date
Certificate (this Certificate) is executed and delivered in connection with Section 7(l) of the Sales Agreement (the Agreement),
dated January 23, 2025, and entered into between Fathom Holdings Inc. (the Company) and Roth Capital Partners, LLC. All
capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement

The undersigned, a duly appointed
and authorized officer of the Company, having made all necessary inquiries to establish the accuracy of the statements below and having
been authorized by the Company to execute this certificate, hereby certifies as follows:

1. As
of the date of this Certificate, (i) the Registration Statement does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading and (ii) neither the
Registration Statement nor the Prospectus contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading
and (iii) no event has occurred as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement
the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein not untrue or misleading.

2. Each
of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in the Agreement were, when
originally made, and are, as of the date of this Certificate, true and correct in all material
respects.

3. Each
of the covenants required to be performed by the Company in the Agreement on or prior to
the date of the Agreement, this Representation Date, and each such other date as set forth
in the Agreement, has been duly, timely and fully performed in all material respects and
each condition required to be complied with by the Company on or prior to the date of the
Agreement, this Representation Date, and each such other date as set forth in the Agreement
or in the Waivers has been duly, timely and fully complied with in all material respects.

4. Subsequent
to the date of the most recent financial statements in the Prospectus, there has been no
Material Adverse Effect.

5. No
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any part thereof
has been issued, and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending
or threatened by any securities or other governmental authority (including, without limitation,
the Commission).

39

The undersigned has executed
this Representation Date Certificate as of the date first written above.

Fathom Holdings Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

40
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm254083d1_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP

4101 Lake Boone Trail, Suite 300

Raleigh, North Carolina 27607

January 23, 2025

Fathom Holdings Inc.

2000 Regency Parkway Drive, Suite 300

Cary, North Carolina 27518

Ladies and Gentlemen:

You have
requested our opinion with respect to certain matters in connection with the proposed offer and sale by Fathom Holdings Inc., a
North Carolina corporation (the Registrant), of up to an aggregate of $10 million of shares of the Companys common stock,
no par value (the Shares), pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-276318) (the Registration
Statement), which was filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 29, 2023, and declared effective by the SEC on January 11, 2024, the base
prospectus dated January 11, 2024 contained in the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus), and the prospectus supplement
relating to the proposed offer and sale of the Shares filed with the SEC on January 23, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the rules and
regulations under the Securities Act (the Prospectus Supplement, and together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus).
We understand that the Shares are proposed to be offered and sold by the Company through Roth Capital Partners, LLC as sales agent (the
Agent), pursuant to that certain Sales Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2025, by and between the Company and the Agent
(the Sales Agreement).

In connection with the preparation of this opinion,
we have examined the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and such documents and considered such questions of law as we have deemed
necessary or appropriate. We have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to originals
of all documents submitted to us as copies thereof and the genuineness of all signatures. As to questions of fact material to our opinions,
we have relied upon the certificates of certain officers of the Company without independent investigation or verification.

Based on the foregoing, we are of the opinion that
the Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and sold in the manner described in the Sales Agreement and in accordance with the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

We consent to the use of this opinion as an exhibit
to the Registration Statement and further consent to the use of our name wherever appearing in the Registration Statement, including
the prospectus constituting a part thereof, and any amendments thereto. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ WYRICK ROBBINS YATES & PONTON LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm254083d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Fathom Provides Business Update and Introduces Bitcoin (BTC) Payments
and Treasury Strategy, Redefining Real Estate Innovation

My Home Group Integration Advances on Track,
Poised to Add $110 Million in Revenue and Strengthen Fathoms Growth for 2025

Cary, NC, January 23, 2025 Fathom Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq:
FTHM) ("Fathom"; or the "Company"), a national, technology-driven, end-to-end real estate services platform
integrating residential brokerage, mortgage, title, and SaaS offerings for brokerages and agents, today announced that its Board
of Directors has approved the inclusion of Bitcoin (BTC) as a key asset under the Companys treasury management program. This move
also aligns with Fathom Realtys longer-term strategy to enable Bitcoin payments for its agents and customers. 

Fathom Holdings can now allocate up to 50% of its excess cashcalculated
based on estimated six-month operating expensestoward Bitcoin purchases. As needed, this allocation will be adjusted to align with
the Companys operational requirements and prevailing market conditions. Under this strategy, the Company plans to purchase up to
$500,000 in Bitcoin or Bitcoin exchange-traded funds during the next two weeks.

Fathom made this change to allow it to diversify its treasury holdings,
which previously consisted solely of U.S. dollars. This initiative also supports Fathoms mission as a technology innovator by integrating
Bitcoin as a future payment option within its real estate ecosystem.

The growing acceptance of Bitcoin as a decentralized store
of value and the increasing demand for alternative digital currencies are evident, supported by significant global capital
allocations toward Bitcoin in 2024, said Fathom CFO Joanne Zach. The integration of Bitcoin into commercial and
financial strategies has accelerated across financial markets, positioning it as both a hedge against inflation and a safeguard
against economic and currency risks in the global economy. Our Bitcoin strategy diversifies our treasury holdings, and we believe
positions Fathom at the forefront of digital currency transactions in the real estate industry.

Fathom CEO Marco Fregenal added: Fathom has always been an innovator
in the digital economy. Establishing a Bitcoin treasury strategy and our plans to enable Bitcoin as a payment option align perfectly with
our core mission of driving efficiencies in real estate transactions through our software platform. Our digital platform, intelliAgent,
integrates residential brokerage, mortgage and title functions, streamlining processes, improving accuracy, and reducing the frictional
costs of real estate transactions. We believe Bitcoin has the potential to extend these efficiencies and cost benefits, and that Fathom
is well positioned to capitalize on the advantages of digital currency in the real estate market. Furthermore, we are seeing growing demand
for digital currency solutions from buyers, sellers, agents, and partners within our ecosystem.

Additional details about Fathom Holdings Bitcoin treasury strategy
will be included in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on or
around January 23, 2025.

Business Update 

The following preliminary financial information for the three months
ended December 31, 2024 is based upon our estimates and subject to completion of our financial closing procedures. Moreover, these data
have been prepared solely on the basis of currently available information by, and are the responsibility of, management.

Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte &
Touche LLP, has not audited, reviewed, compiled or performed any procedures with respect to this preliminary financial information and,
accordingly, Deloitte & Touche LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto.

This summary is not a comprehensive statement of our financial results
for this period, and our actual results may differ materially from these estimates due to the completion of our financial closing procedures,
final adjustments, completion of the review of our financial statements and other developments that may arise between now and the time
the review of our financial statements is completed. There can be no assurance that these estimates will be realized, and

estimates are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which
are not within our control.

As previously announced, on November 4, 2024, Fathom Holdings acquired
My Home Group, a premier Arizona-based brokerage ranked 27th in the nation by transaction volume. The strategic acquisition has significantly
expanded Fathom's national footprint in Arizona, strengthened its agent network, and underscored the Companys commitment to providing
comprehensive, technology-driven real estate solutions across the United States.

The integration of My Home Group into the Fathom platform is progressing
as planned. The Company remains confident that the acquisition will contribute over $110 million in revenue for the full year of 2025.

Despite a significant rise in mortgage rates following the Federal
Reserve Bank lowering of the overnight rate in December 2024, Fathom estimates that revenues for the fourth quarter of 2024 were between
$89.7 million to $91.7 million, an increase of between 7% and 10% over the third quarter of 2024. This also represents an increase of
between 21% and 24% over the fourth quarter of 2023.

Total gross profit dollars for the fourth quarter of 2024 is expected
to increase within a range of 28% to 30% compared to the same period last year.

GAAP net loss for the
fourth quarter of 2024 is expected to total between $7.3 million and $7.4 million, compared with a net loss of $8.4 million for the
fourth quarter of 2023. 

Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2024 is expected to be a
loss in the range of $2.8 million to $3.0 million. Fathom provides Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial
measure, because it offers additional information for monitoring the Company's cash flow performance. A table providing a reconciliation
of Adjusted EBITDA to its most comparable GAAP measure, as well as an explanation of, and important disclosures about, this non-GAAP measure,
is included at the end of this press release.

Agent count increased by 23% to approximately 14,500 as of December
31, 2024 from approximately 11,700 agents as of December 31, 2023. Brokerage transaction count for the fourth quarter of 2024 increased
by approximately 16.5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023.

As we move into 2025, our primary focus is to leverage our increasing
revenue and gross profit to achieve positive Adjusted EBITDA for full year 2025.

About Fathom Holdings Inc.

Fathom Holdings Inc. is a national, technology-driven real estate services
platform integrating residential brokerage, mortgage, title, and SaaS offerings to brokerages and agents by leveraging its proprietary
cloud-based software, intelliAgent. The Company's brands include Fathom Realty, Encompass Lending, intelliAgent, LiveBy, Real Results,
and Verus Title. For more information, visit www.FathomInc.com.

Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains "forward-looking statements"
that involve risks and uncertainties which we expect will or may occur in the future and may impact our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the
Company, including risks associated with general economic conditions, including rising interest rates; risks associated with the Companys
Bitcoin strategy, including to volatility; its ability to generate positive operational cash flow; risks associated with the Company's
ability to continue achieving significant growth; its ability to continue its growth trajectory while achieving profitability over time;
risks related to ongoing and future litigation; and other risks as set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Company's most recent
Form 10-K as filed with the SEC and supplemented from time to time in other Company filings made with the SEC, including the Companys
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on or around January 23, 2025. Copies of Fathom's Form 10-K and other SEC filings are available on the
SEC's website, www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of
this release except as required by law.

Investor Contact:

Dave Gentry, CEO

RedChip Companies, Inc.

1-407-644-4256

FTHM@redchip.com

Note about Non-GAAP Financial Measures

To supplement Fathom's consolidated financial
statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, the Company uses Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure,
to understand and evaluate our core operating performance. This non-GAAP financial measure, which may be different than similarly titled
measures used by other companies, is presented to enhance investors' overall understanding of our financial performance and should not
be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP.

Fathom defines the non-GAAP financial measure
of Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), excluding other income and expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, share-based
compensation expense, NAR related and other litigation claim and settlement costs, and transaction-related cost.

Fathom believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides
useful information about the Company's financial performance, enhances the overall understanding of its past performance and future prospects,
and allows for greater transparency with respect to a key metric used by Fathom's management for financial and operational decision-making.
Fathom believes that Adjusted EBITDA helps identify underlying trends in its business that otherwise could be masked by the effect of
the expenses that the Company excludes in Adjusted EBITDA. In particular, Fathom believes the exclusion of share-based compensation expense
and transaction-related costs associated with the Company's acquisition activity, provides a useful supplemental measure in evaluating
the performance of its operations and provides better transparency into its results of operations. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes other
income and expense, net which primarily includes nonrecurring items, such as, professional fees related to investigating potential financing
and acquisition opportunities, if applicable.

Fathom is presenting the non-GAAP measure
of Adjusted EBITDA to assist investors in seeing its financial performance through the eyes of management, and because the Company believes
this measure provides an additional tool for investors to use in comparing Fathom's core financial performance over multiple periods with
other companies in its industry.

Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in
isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are several limitations related
to the use of Adjusted EBITDA compared to net income (loss), the closest comparable GAAP measure. Some of these limitations are that:

Adjusted EBITDA excludes share-based compensation expense related to restricted
stock and restricted stock unit awards and stock options, which have been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, significant
recurring expenses in Fathom's business and an important part of its compensation strategy;

Adjusted EBITDA excludes transaction-related costs primarily consisting of
professional fees and any other costs incurred directly related to acquisition activity, which is an ongoing part of Fathom's growth strategy
and therefore likely to occur; and

Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain recurring, non-cash charges such as depreciation
and amortization of property and equipment and capitalized software, and acquisition related intangible asset costs, however, the assets
being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future.

RECONCILIATION OF NET LOSS TO ADJUSTED EBITDA

(UNAUDITED)

(In thousands)

Three Months Ended December 31, 2024 

Low High 

Net loss $ (7,400 ) $ (7,300 )

Stock based compensation 1,700 1,750 

Litigation contingency 50 100 

Depreciation and amortization 1,400 1,400 

Other expense, net 750 750 

Income tax expense (benefit) 50 50 

Other non-cash items and transaction related costs 450 450 

Adjusted EBITDA $ (3,000 ) $ (2,800 )
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fthm-20250123.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fthm-20250123_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>fthm-20250123_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm254083d1_ex99-1img01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 23, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 23, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39412

Entity Registrant Name FATHOM
HOLDINGS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001753162

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-1518164

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2000
Regency Parkway Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town Cary

Entity Address, State or Province NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 27518

City Area Code (888)

Local Phone Number 455-6040

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, No Par Value

Trading Symbol FTHM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period true

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://FathomRealty.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fthm-20250123.xsd 
fthm-20250123_lab.xml 
fthm-20250123_pre.xml 
tm254083d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-005469-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm254083d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001753162 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001753162 
8-K 
2025-01-23 
FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. 
DE 
001-39412 
82-1518164 
2000 Regency Parkway Drive 
Suite 300 
Cary 
NC 
27518 
(888) 
455-6040 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, No Par Value 
FTHM 
NASDAQ 
true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>