<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-001894.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-001894.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326163343
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-001894
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250321
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CLOUDASTRUCTURE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001709628
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				870690564
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42494
		FILM NUMBER:		25773744

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 HAMILTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-644-4160

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 HAMILTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Connexed Technologies Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170619
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cloudastructure_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000170962800017096282025-03-212025-03-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

___________________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 26, 2025 (March 21, 2025)

___________________________

CLOUDASTRUCTURE,
INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

___________________________

Delaware 001-42494 87-0690564

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

228 Hamilton Road 

Palo Alto,
California 94301

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(650)644-4160

Registrants telephone number, including
area code:

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed
Since Last Report)

___________________________

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of Class Trading Symbol Name of Exchange on which registered

Class A common stock CSAI NASDAQ Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreement

On March 21, 2025, Cloudastructure, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (we, us, our or the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Securities Purchase Agreement or Equity Financing) with one of our existing investors, Streeterville
Capital, LLC (the Streeterville), pursuant to the terms of which we have agreed to issue and sell to Streeterville up to
$40,000,000 (the Commitment Amount) of newly designated Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(the Series 2 Preferred), at a price of $1,000 per share, which Series 2 Preferred are convertible into shares of our Class
A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A common stock), on the terms and subject to the limitations and
conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate
of Designations), that we filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 24, 2025.

Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase
Agreement we will seek stockholder approval of the Equity Financing within 180 days of the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined), including
approval of the issuance of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Series 2 Preferred (the Conversion Shares and, together
with the Series 2 Preferred, the Securities) in excess of the requirements of Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq)
Rule 5635(d) (the Approval). We also agreed to file a registration statement registering at least 8,000,000 Conversion Shares
within 20 days of the filing of our annual report on Form 10-K (the Registration Statement) and to maintain the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement for so long as Streeterville owns any Securities (the Registration Obligation). Concurrently
with the Securities Purchase Agreement, we entered into a customary Registration Rights Agreement with Streeterville (the Registration
Rights Agreement), further detailing the Registration Obligation.

On March 25, 2025 (the Closing Date),
at the initial closing of the Equity Financing, we issued and sold 4,500 shares of Series 2 Preferred to Streeterville, for an aggregate
purchase price of $4,500,000 (the Initial Closing). The Company intends to use the proceeds from the Initial Closing for
general corporate and working capital purposes.

Following the Initial Closing, for the period commencing
on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier of (i) two years from the Closing Date, and (ii) the date on which we have sold the aggregate
Commitment Amount (the Commitment Period), we may at any time and from time to time, subject to the Conditions Precedent
(as hereinafter defined), request that Streeterville purchase additional Series 2 Preferred in an amount (i) greater than $250,000, and
(ii) less than (x) $2,000,000, minus (y) the aggregate Stated Value (as hereinafter defined) of all outstanding Series 2 Preferred as
of the measurement date (the Preferred Share Outstanding Balance).

Streetervilles obligation to purchase additional
Series 2 Preferred is subject to a number of conditions precedent (the Conditions Precedent) set forth in the Securities
Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation, that (i) we have received the Approval, (ii) the Registration Statement is effective,
(iii) the Preferred Share Outstanding Balance is less than $3,000,000, (iv) our 20-day and 60-day median and average daily trading volume
is greater than or equal to $500,000 per day, (iv) our market capitalization is greater than or equal to $25,000,000, and (v) our stockholders
equity is at least $3,000,000.

The Securities Purchase Agreement also provides
that, during the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier of (i) two years from the Closing Date, and (ii) the
date on which Streeterville no longer holds any Preferred Stock (as hereinafter defined), Streeterville will have the right, but not the
obligation, to purchase up to $4,000,000 in shares of Series 2 Preferred or our Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001
per share (the Series 1 Preferred and, together with the Series 2 Preferred, the Preferred Stock), in one
or more tranches (of at least $100,000) at its election (the Reinvestment Right). The Reinvestment Right supersedes and
replaces the reinvestment right granted to Streeterville in connection with its prior purchase of Series 1 Preferred.

2 

In addition, during the period commencing on the
Closing Date and ending six months after Streeterville no longer holds any Preferred Stock or is not otherwise owed any obligation by
us, it will have the right, at its discretion, to participate in up to 30% of the amount sold in any debt or equity financing that we
consummate (the Participation Right). The Participation Right supersedes and replaces the participation right granted to
Streeterville in connection with its prior purchase of Series 1 Preferred.

Each of the Securities Purchase Agreement and Registration
Right Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties, and customary indemnification
obligations of the Company.

The foregoing description of the Securities Purchase
Agreement and Registration Right Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Securities Purchase Agreement and Registration Right Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 hereto and are incorporated
herein by reference.

Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock

The following is a description of the principal
terms of the Series 2 Preferred, which are set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

Authorized Shares; Stated Value. We are
authorized to issue up to 40,000 shares of Series 2 Preferred, with each share having a stated value of $1,111, subject to an automatic
10% increase upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) (the Stated Value).

Ranking. Except as otherwise set forth in
the Certificate of Designations, the Preferred Stock rank equally (including with respect to dividends and distributions, and upon any
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company (a Liquidation Event)) and are identical
in all respects, and, unless the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class,
expressly consent to the creation of capital stock that is pari passu in rank, all other shares of capital stock of the Company will be
junior in rank.

Preferred Return. The Series 2 Preferred
accrues a 9.5% per annum rate of return on the Stated Value (the Preferred Return) from date of issuance (the Issuance
Date). The Preferred Return is payable on a quarterly basis either in cash or via the issuance of additional shares of Series 2
Preferred, at our discretion. Following an Event of Default, the Preferred Return increases to 15% per annum until such Event of Default
has been cured.

Liquidation Preference. In the event of
a Liquidation Event or Deemed Liquidation Event (as hereinafter defined), the Series 2 Preferred will be paid an amount equal to (i) the
Stated Value at such time, plus (ii) any accrued and unpaid Preferred Return (the Series 2 Preferred Liquidation Amount),
prior to any payments being made to the holders of our Class A common stock. Following payment of the Series 2 Preferred Liquidation Amount,
the Series 2 Preferred will not participate in the distribution of any remaining assets of the Company.

A Deemed Liquidation Event will occur
(i) if we merge or consolidate with another entity and our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction do not continue to hold
a majority of the voting power immediately after such transaction, or (ii) if we sell, lease, transfer, exclusively license or otherwise
dispose of all or substantially all of our assets.

Conversion Rights. The Series 2 Preferred
is convertible at any time at Streetervilles option into (i) the number of shares of Series 2 Preferred being converted multiplied
by their then Stated Value (the Conversion Amount), divided by (ii) the Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined).

3 

Prior to a Trigger Event (as hereinafter defined)
or an Event of Default the conversion price (Conversion Price) is $10.00 per share of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment
if we issue Class A common stock or rights to receive Class A common stock at a lower price (the Fixed Conversion Price).
Following a Trigger Event or Event of Default the Conversion Price is the lesser of the (i) Fixed Conversion Price, and (ii) greater of
(x) 88% multiplied by the lowest daily volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the eight business day period
prior to the measurement date, and (y) the 20% of the Minimum Price as defined in Nasdaq Rule 5635 calculated as of the
most recent Series 2 Preferred Issuance Date.

A Trigger Event will occur (i) upon
our receipt of a letter of noncompliance from Nasdaq, (ii) upon our average market capitalization during any three business day period
following April 1, 2025 falling below $125,000,000, and (iii) in any quarter beginning with the first calendar quarter of 2025 where (x)
our stockholder equity is less than $2,500,000, (y) we incur a net loss greater than $1,000,000, or (z) our net sales are less than $500,000.

Ownership Limitation. No conversion of Series
2 Preferred will be effected to the extent it would cause Streeterville alone, without aggregating with its affiliates, to beneficially
own greater than 4.99%, and together, with its affiliates, to beneficially own greater than 9.99%, of our Class A common stock.

Company Optional Redemption. Any time six
months after the earlier of: (i) the effective date of the Registration Statement, and (ii) the date on which the Conversion Shares are
eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, we may elect to redeem all or any portion of the Series 2 Preferred
outstanding by paying an amount in cash equal to the Series 2 Preferred Liquidation Amount multiplied by 115% (the Redemption Price).

Dividends and Distributions. The Series
2 Preferred are not entitled to participate in any dividends, distributions or payments to the holders of our Class A common stock.

Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided
in the Certificate of Designations, Series 2 Preferred will vote on an as-converted basis with our Class A common stock; provided,
that, in no event will a holder of Series 2 Preferred, together with its affiliates, be entitled to vote more than 4.99% of our
outstanding voting shares as of the applicable record date.

The foregoing description of the Certificate of
Designations does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Certificate of Designations,
which is filed as Exhibits 3.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Placement Agency Agreement

We also entered into a Placement Agency Agreement,
dated March 21, 2025 (the Placement Agency Agreement), with Maxim Group LLC (Maxim), pursuant to the terms
of which Maxim will act as our exclusive placement agent on a reasonable best efforts basis in connection with the Equity
Financing, and for which we will pay Maxim a cash fee, immediately upon each closing, equal to 7% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised
in the Equity Financing, and will reimburse Maxim for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in an amount not to exceed an aggregate of $10,000.

The Placement Agency Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and agreements of the parties, and customary indemnification obligations of the Company.

The foregoing description of the Placement Agency
Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Placement Agency Agreement,
which is filed as Exhibits 10.3 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

4 

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.

The Series 2 Preferred has not been registered
under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state, and were offered and issued in reliance on the exemption from registration
under the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On March 26, 2025, we issued a press release announcing
the Equity Financing and the Initial Closing, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit Number Description

3.1 Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock.

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, between Cloudastructure, Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, between Cloudastructure, Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC

10.3 Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, between Cloudastructure, Inc. and Maxim Group LLC

99.1 Press Release dated March 26, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

5 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 26, 2025

CLOUDASTRUCTURE, INC.

By: /s/ James McCormick

James McCormick

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cloudastructure_ex0301.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS OF SERIES 2 CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATIONS OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS OF

SERIES 2 CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK

of

Cloudastructure,
Inc.

a Delaware corporation

Pursuant to Section 151 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law

The undersigned, James
McCormick, hereby certifies that:

1. He is the duly elected Chief Executive Officer of Cloudastructure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Corporation).

2. A resolution was adopted and approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation by unanimous written
consent on March 21, 2025 authorizing and approving the Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of Series 2 Convertible
Preferred Stock of the Corporation set forth below.

3. No shares of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock have been issued as of the date hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
undersigned does hereby execute this Certificate of Designations, and does hereby acknowledge that this instrument constitutes his act
and deed and that the facts stated herein are true.

Cloudastructure, Inc.

By:/s/ James McCormick 

Name:James McCormick

Title:Chief Executive Officer

Dated: March 21, 2025

1 

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATIONS OF PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS OF

SERIES 2 CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK

of

Cloudastructure,
Inc.

a Delaware corporation

The undersigned Chief Executive
Officer of Cloudastructure, Inc. (Corporation), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware,
does hereby certify that, pursuant to the authority contained in the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation (Certificate)
and pursuant to Section 151 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and in accordance with the provisions of the resolution creating
a series of the class of the Corporations authorized preferred stock designated as the Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock as
follows:

FIRST: The Certificate authorizes
the issuance by the Corporation of 250,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value of $0.0001 per share (Class A Stock),
100,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 (the Class B Stock, and together with the Class A Stock, the
Common Stock), and 150,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value of $0.0001 per share (Preferred Stock),
and further, authorizes the Board of Directors (Board) of the Corporation, by resolution or resolutions, at any time and
from time to time, to divide and establish any or all of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock not then allocated to any series into
one or more series and to designate the rights, preferences and limitations of each series.

SECOND: By unanimous written
consent of the Board dated March 21, 2025, the Board designated forty thousand (40,000) shares of the Preferred Stock as Series 2 Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, pursuant to a resolution providing that a series of preferred stock of the Corporation be
and hereby is created and that the designation and number of shares thereof and the voting and other powers, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other rights of the shares of such Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations
and restrictions thereof, are as follows:

SERIES 2 PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1.Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have meanings set forth in Section 14 below.

Section 2.Powers and Rights of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock. There is hereby designated a class of Preferred Stock of the
Corporation as Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation (the Series 2 Stock).
The number of shares, powers, terms, conditions, designations, preferences and privileges, relative, participating, optional and other
special rights, and qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the Series 2 Stock shall be as set forth in this Certificate of Designations
of Preferences and Rights of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock (this Certificate of Designations). For purposes hereof,
a holder of a share or shares of Series 2 Stock, with respect to their rights as related to the Series 2 Stock, shall be referred to as
a Series 2 Holder.

Section 3.Number and Stated Value. The number of authorized shares of the Series 2 Stock is forty thousand (40,000) shares. Each share
of Series 2 Stock shall have a stated value of $1,111.00 (the Stated Value).

2 

Section 4.Ranking. Except as otherwise provided in this Certificate of Designations or required by applicable law, shares of Series
1 Stock and Series 2 Stock shall have the same rights and powers, rank equally (including as to dividends and distributions, and upon
any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation), share ratably and be identical in all respects and as to all matters.
Except to the extent that the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Series 1 Stock and Series 2 Stock, voting together as
a single class (the Required Holders), expressly consent to the creation of Parity Stock (as defined below), all shares
of capital stock of the Corporation shall be junior in rank to all Series 1 Stock and Series 2 Stock with respect to the preferences as
to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Corporation (such junior stock is referred
to herein collectively as Junior Stock). The rights of all such shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be qualified
by the rights, powers, preferences and privileges of the Series 1 Stock and Series 2 Stock. Without limiting any other provision of this
Certificate of Designations, without the prior express written consent of the Required Holders, voting separately as a single class, the
Corporation shall not hereafter authorize or issue any additional or other shares of capital stock that is (i) of senior rank to the Series
1 Stock or Series 2 Stock in respect of the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution
and winding up of the Corporation (collectively, the Senior Preferred Stock), or (ii) of pari passu rank to the Series 1
Stock or Series 2 Stock in respect of the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and
winding up of the Corporation (collectively, the Parity Stock). In the event of the merger or consolidation of the Corporation
with or into another corporation wherein the Corporation is the surviving entity, the shares of Series 1 Stock and Series 2 Stock shall
maintain their relative rights, powers, designations, privileges and preferences provided for herein and no such merger or consolidation
shall provide for a result inconsistent therewith, subject to the other terms and conditions herein.

Section 5.Preferred Return.

(a) Each share of Series 2 Stock shall accrue a rate of return on the Stated Value at the rate of 9.5% per
annum, to be determined pro rata for any factional year periods (the Preferred Return). The Preferred Return shall accrue
on each share of Series 2 Stock from the date of its Issuance Date, and shall be payable or otherwise settled as set forth herein. Following
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below), the Preferred Return will increase to 15% per annum until such Event of Default
has been cured.

(b) The Preferred Return shall be payable on a quarterly basis and subject to quarterly compounding, within
five (5) Business Days following the end of each calendar quarter, either in cash or via the issuance to the applicable Series 2 Holder
of an additional number of shares of Series 2 Stock equal to (i) the Preferred Return then accrued and unpaid, divided by (ii) the Stated
Value, with the election as to payment in cash or via the issuance of additional shares of Series 2 Stock to be determined in the discretion
of the Corporation.

(c) In the event that the Corporation elects to pay any Preferred Return via the issuance of shares of Series
2 Stock, no fractional shares of Series 2 Stock shall be issued, and the Corporation shall pay in cash the Preferred Return that would
otherwise be payable via the issuance of a fractional share of Series 2 Stock.

Section 6.Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up; Certain Mergers, Consolidations and Asset Sales.

(a) Preferential Payments to Holders of Series 2 Stock. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event (as defined below), each share of Series 2 Stock
shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its shareholders before any payment shall
be made to the holders of Common Stock equal to by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share of Series 2 Stock equal to the
Stated Value at such time plus any accrued and unpaid Preferred Return (as applicable, the Series 2 Preferred Liquidation Amount).
If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, the assets of the Corporation
available for distribution to its shareholders shall be insufficient to pay the Series 2 Preferred Liquidation Amount, the Series 2 Holders
with respect to their shares of Series 2 Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets available for distribution in proportion
to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts
payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full. Following the payment of the Series 2 Preferred Liquidation Amount, if there
are any remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its shareholders, the Series 2 Stock shall not participate in
such distributions.

3 

(b) Deemed Liquidation Events.

(i) Definition. Each of the following events shall be considered a Deemed Liquidation Event:

(1) a merger or consolidation in which the Corporation is a constituent party and in which the shareholders
of the Corporation immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not continue to hold a majority of the voting power of the Corporation
or any successor entity following such merger or consolidation; or

(2) the sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition, in a single transaction or series of
related transactions, by the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the sale or disposition (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise) of one or more subsidiaries
of the Corporation if substantially all of the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole are held by such subsidiary
or subsidiaries, except where such sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Corporation.

(c) Effecting a Deemed Liquidation Event. The Corporation shall not have the power to effect a Deemed Liquidation Event referred
to in Section 6(b)(i)(1) unless the agreement or plan of merger or consolidation for such transaction (the Merger Agreement)
provides that the consideration payable to the Series 2 Stock shall be allocated in accordance with Section 6(a).

(d) Amount Deemed Paid or Distributed. The amount deemed paid or distributed to the Series 2 Holders upon any such merger, consolidation,
sale, transfer, exclusive license, other disposition or redemption shall be the cash or the value of the property, rights or securities
paid or distributed to such Series 2 Holders by the Corporation or the acquiring person, firm or other entity. The value of such property,
right or securities shall be determined in good faith by the Board.

(e) Allocation of Escrow and Contingent Consideration. In the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event pursuant to Section 6(b)(i)(1),
if any portion of the consideration payable to the Series 2 Holders of the Corporation is payable only upon satisfaction of contingencies
(the Additional Consideration), the merger agreement or other agreement related to such event shall provide that (a) the
portion of such consideration that is not Additional Consideration (such portion, the Initial Consideration) shall
be allocated among the Series 2 Holders in accordance with Section 6(a) as if the Initial Consideration were the only consideration payable
in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event; and (b) any Additional Consideration which becomes payable to the Series 2 Holders upon
satisfaction of such contingencies shall be allocated among the Series 2 Holders in accordance with Section 6(a) after taking into account
the previous payment of the Initial Consideration as part of the same transaction.

Section 7.Conversions. The Series 2 Stock shall be convertible into Class A Stock at any time or times following the applicable Issuance
Date of such Series 2 Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 7.

(a) Conversion
Right. Any Series 2 Holder shall be entitled to convert its Series 2 Stock into fully paid and non-assessable share of Class A Stock
in accordance with this Section 7. The Corporation shall not issue any fraction of a share of Class A Stock upon any conversion. If the
issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Class A Stock, the Corporation shall round such fractional share up
to the nearest whole share. The Corporation shall pay any and all fees, transfer, stamp and similar taxes that may be payable with respect
to the issuance and delivery of Class A Stock upon conversion of any Conversion Amount. Conversion notices in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A (a Conversion Notice) shall be delivered to the Corporation at via email notices@cloudastructure.com
or at such other address or addresses provided to such Series 2 Holder by the Corporation.

(b) Conversion Shares. The number of shares of Class A Stock issuable upon conversion of any Conversion
Amount shall be determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price (the "Conversion Shares").

4 

(c) Method of Conversion Share Delivery. On or before the close of business on the second (2nd)
Business Day following the date of delivery of a Conversion Notice (the Delivery Date), the Corporation shall, deliver or
cause its transfer agent to issue and deliver the applicable Conversion Shares electronically to the account designated by holder in the
applicable Conversion Notice.

(d) Conversion Delays. If the Corporation fails to deliver Conversion Shares by the applicable Delivery Date, holder may at any time
prior to receiving the applicable Conversion Shares rescind in whole or in part such conversion. In addition, for each Conversion, in
the event that Conversion Shares are not delivered by the Delivery Date, a late fee equal to 2% of the applicable Conversion Share Value
rounded to the nearest multiple of $100.00 but with a floor of $500.00 per day (but in any event the cumulative amount of such late fees
for each Conversion shall not exceed 200% of the applicable Conversion Share Value) will be assessed for each day after the Delivery
Date until Conversion Share delivery is made; and such late fees will be paid in cash to the Series 2 Holder.

(e) Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Certificate of Designations or any other
agreement between the Corporation and a Series 2 Holder, the Corporation shall not effect any conversion of Series 2 Stock to the extent
that after giving effect to such conversion would cause the Series 2 Holder individually (without aggregating with its Affiliates) to
beneficially own a number of shares of Class A Stock exceeding 4.99% of the number of shares of Class A Stock outstanding on such date
(including for such purpose the shares of Class A Stock issuable upon such issuance) (the Maximum Percentage). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Maximum Percentage for a Series 2 Holder together with its Affiliates will be 9.99%. For purposes of this section,
beneficial ownership of shares of Class A Stock will be determined pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Corporation shall
be entitled to rely on the representations made by a Series 2 Holder in its Conversion Notice in determining beneficial ownership. The
Maximum Percentage is enforceable, unconditional and non-waivable and shall apply to all affiliates and assigns of each Series 2 Holder.

Section 8.Trigger Events. The occurrence of any of the following events will be considered a Trigger Event hereunder:

(a) 
the Corporation receives a letter of non-compliance from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or
similar correspondence; or

(b) the average Market Capitalization during any three (3) Business Day period after April 1, 2025 is less than $125,000,000; or

(c) in any quarter beginning with the first calendar quarter of 2025, the Corporations: (A) stockholder equity is less than
$2,500,000, or (B) net loss is greater than $1,000,000, or (C) net sales are less than $500,000.

Section 9.Corporation Optional Redemption.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions herein, at any time after the date that is six (6) months from the
earlier of: (i) the effective date of the Form S-1 registration statement registering the Conversion Shares, and (ii) the date that the
Conversion Shares are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144, the Corporation may elect, in the sole discretion of the Board, to redeem
all or any portion of the Series 2 Stock then issued and outstanding from all of the Series 2 Holders (a Corporation Optional Redemption)
by paying to the applicable Series 2 Holders an amount in cash equal to the Series 2 Preferred Liquidation Amount then applicable to such
shares of Series 2 Stock being redeemed in the Corporation Optional Redemption multiplied by 115% (the Redemption Price).
For the avoidance of doubt, any redemptions made in connection with a Fundamental Transaction or Deemed Liquidation Event will be paid
at the Redemption Price.

5 

(b) The Corporation shall provide written notice of any Corporation Optional Redemption to the Series 2 Holder(s)
within five Business Days following the determination of the Board to consummate the applicable Corporation Optional Redemption, and thereafter
such Corporation Optional Redemption shall be completed on the tenth (10th) Business Day following the delivery of such notice,
and at such time the Corporation shall deliver to the Series 2 Holder(s) the Redemption Price in valid funds. Each Series 2 Holder agrees
to execute and deliver to the Corporation such instruments and documents, and to take such actions, as reasonably required to consummate
the Corporation Optional Redemption; provided, however, the Series 2 Holders will still have the right to exercise their right
to convert the Series 2 Stock into Class A Stock during the foregoing ten-day notice period.

Section 10.Dividends and Distributions. The Series 2 Stock shall not participate in any dividends, distributions or payments to the
holders of the Common Stock.

Section 11.Voting Rights.

(a) Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise required by law, the Series 2 Stock shall vote together
with shares of Common Stock on an as-converted basis from time to time, and not as a separate class, at any annual or special meeting
of stockholders of the Corporation, and may act by written consent in the same manner as holders of shares of the Common Stock. In addition,
as long as any shares of Series 2 Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Series 2 Holders
of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series 2 Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given
to the Series 2 Stock or alter or amend this Certificate of Designations or (b) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 11, in no event shall a Series 2 Holder (together with such
Series 2 Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with such Series 2 Holder or any of such Series 2 Holders
Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) be entitled to vote, on an as-converted basis and in aggregate with respect
to any shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock of the Corporation beneficially owned by such Series 2 Holder or any Affiliates or Attribution
Parties of such Series 2 Holder, more than 4.99% of the Corporations outstanding voting shares as of the applicable record date
(the Voting Cap). The Voting Cap shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends,
reclassifications, reorganization, recapitalizations or other similar transaction.

Section 12.Covenants. Until such time as no shares of Series 2 Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation (including its subsidiaries)
will at all times comply with the following covenants:

(a) The Corporation will timely file on the applicable deadline all reports required to be filed with the
SEC pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and will take all reasonable action under its control to ensure that adequate
current public information with respect to the Corporation, as required in accordance with Rule 144 of the Securities Act, is publicly
available, and will not terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the Exchange Act even if the Exchange Act or
the rules and regulations thereunder would permit such termination.

(b) The Class A Stock will be listed or quoted for trading on any of NYSE, NYSE American or Nasdaq.

(c) After the initial issuance of Series 2 Stock, the Corporation will not issue any new shares of Series
2 Stock other than to the initial Series 2 Holder without the prior written consent of at least a majority of the outstanding Series 2
Stock (the Required Series 2 Holders), which consent may be granted or withheld in the Required Series 2 Holders
sole and absolute discretion.

(d) The Corporation will not increase the authorized shares of Class A Stock, Class B Stock, Series 1 Stock,
Series 2 Stock or other Preferred Stock without the prior written consent of the Required Holders, which consent may be granted or withheld
in the Required Holders sole and absolute discretion.

(e) The Corporation will ensure that trading in the Class A Stock will not be suspended, halted, chilled,
frozen, reach zero bid or otherwise cease trading on the Corporations principal trading market.

6 

(f) The Corporation will not make any Restricted Issuance without the Required Holders prior written
consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in the Required Holders sole and absolute discretion.

(g) The Corporation shall not enter into or extend any agreement or otherwise agree to any covenant, condition,
or obligation that locks up, restricts in any way or otherwise prohibits the Corporation (i) from entering into a variable rate transaction
with any Series 2 Holder or any Affiliate of any Series 2 Holder, or (ii) from issuing Common Stock, Preferred Stock, warrants, convertible
notes, other debt securities, or any other of the Corporations securities to any Series 2 Holder or any Affiliate of any Series
2 Holder.

(h) The Corporation will not pledge or grant a security interest in any of its assets without the Required
Holders prior written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in the Required Holders sole and absolute discretion.

(i) The Corporation will not, and will not enter into any agreement or commitment to, dispose of any assets
or operations that are material to the Corporations operations without the Required Holders prior written consent, which
consent may be granted or withheld in the Required Holders sole and absolute discretion.

(j) The Corporation will not, and will not enter into any agreement or commitment to, undertake or complete
any reverse split of any class of Common Stock or Preferred Stock without the Required Holders prior written consent, which consent
may be granted on withheld in the Required Holders sole and absolute discretion.

(k) The Corporation will not, and will not enter into any agreement or commitment to, create, authorize, or
issue any class of Preferred Stock without the Required Holders prior written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld
in the Required Holders sole and absolute discretion.

(l) The Corporation will not consummate a Fundamental Transaction or Deemed Liquidation Event or enter into
an agreement to consummate a Fundamental Transaction or Deemed Liquidation without the Required Holders prior written consent,
which consent may be granted on withheld in the Required Holders sole and absolute discretion.

(m) At the Corporations election, the Corporation will use at least twenty-five percent (25%) of any
funds raised through any equity financing, including funds raised pursuant to an equity line of credit or at-the-market trading facility,
to redeem the Series 2 Stock. Any such proceeds will be paid to the Series 2 Holders within two (2) Business Days of receipt by the Corporation
and will be considered redemptions pursuant to Section 9 above.

Section 13.Covenant Default.

(a) Event of Default. The Required Holders may elect to declare an Event of Default if
any of the following conditions or events shall occur and be continuing:

(i) The Corporation fails to fully comply with any covenant, obligation or agreement of the Corporation in
this Certificate of Designations (other than payment or issuance defaults which are addressed in subparagraph (ii) below), and such failure,
if known to the Required Holders and reasonably possible of cure, is not cured within seven (7) calendar days of the occurrence of such
event;

(ii) The Corporation fails to pay any amount due and payable to the Series 2 Holders pursuant to and as required
by this Certificate of Designations, or fails to issue any additional shares of Series 2 Stock or Class A Stock to the Series 2 Holders
pursuant to and as required by this Certificate of Designations, including, without limitation, the failure to deliver any Conversion
Shares, and such failure, if known to the Series 2 Holders and reasonably possible of cure, is not cured within seven (7) calendar days
of the occurrence of such event;

7 

(iii) The Corporation shall (1) apply for or consent to the appointment of, or the taking of possession by,
a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator; (2) make a general assignment for the benefit of the Corporations creditors; or (3)
commence a voluntary case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor statute; or

(iv) a proceeding or case shall be commenced, without the application or consent of the Corporation, in any
court of competent jurisdiction, seeking (1) liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to it or its assets or the composition
or readjustment of its debts, or (2) the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or the like of any substantial
part of its assets, and, in each case, such proceedings or case shall continue undismissed, or an order, judgment or decree approving
or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered and continue unstayed and in effect, for a period of 60 days, if in the United States,
or 90 days, if outside of the United States; or an order for relief against the Corporation shall be entered in an involuntary case under
any bankruptcy, insolvency, composition, readjustment of debt, liquidation of assets or similar Law of any jurisdiction.

(b) Consequences of Events of Default. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Stated Value will automatically increase by
ten percent (10%). If an Event of Default has occurred (i) the Required Holders may, by notice to the Corporation, force the Corporation
to redeem all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series 2 Stock then held by the Series 2 Holders for a price equal to (1) the Stated
Value of all such shares of Series 2 Stock; plus (2) any accrued and unpaid Preferred Return with respect to all such shares of Series
2 Stock, provided that such Preferred Return shall be paid in cash in an amount equal to the number of shares of Series 2 Stock otherwise
issuable for the Preferred Return multiplied by the Stated Value; plus (3) any and all other amounts due and payable to the Series 2
Holders pursuant to this Certificate of Designations; (ii) the Series 2 Holders shall have the right to pursue any other remedies that
the Required Series 2 Holders may have under applicable law and/or in equity; and (iii) the Series 2 Holders shall have the right to
seek and receive injunctive relief from a court or an arbitrator prohibiting the Corporation from issuing any of its Common Stock or
Preferred Stock to any party unless all the shares of Series 2 Stock owned by the Series 2 Holders are redeemed in full simultaneously
with such issuance.

(c) Expenses.
In the event that any Series 2 Holder incurs expenses in the enforcement of its rights hereunder, including but not limited to reasonable
attorneys fees, then the Corporation shall immediately reimburse such Series 2 Holder the reasonable costs thereof.

Section 14.Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Certificate of Designations, the following terms, as used
herein, have the following meanings:

(a) Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly
Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with, the specified Person.

(b) Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial
banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed.

(c) Control means (i) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to vote 10% or more
of the securities or other equity interests of a Person having ordinary voting power, (ii) the possession, directly or indirectly, of
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, by contractor otherwise, or (iii) being a director,
officer, executor, trustee or fiduciary (or their equivalents) of a Person or a Person that controls such Person.

(d) Conversion Amount means the number of Series 2 Stock being converted multiplied by the then-current
Stated Value.

(e) Conversion Price means: (i) prior to the occurrence of a Trigger Event or Event of Default,
the Fixed Conversion Price, and (ii) following the occurrence of a Trigger Event or Event of Default, the lesser of (A) the Fixed Conversion
Price, and (B) the Market Price.

8 

(f) Conversion Share Value means the product of the number of Conversion Shares deliverable
pursuant to any Conversion Notice multiplied by the daily VWAP on the Delivery Date for such conversion.

(g) Equity Securities means Common Stock of the Corporation, Preferred Stock
of the Corporation and any option, warrant, or right to subscribe for, acquire or purchase Common Stock or Preferred Stock.

(h) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulation
promulgated thereunder.

(i) Exempt Issuances means the issuance of shares of Common Stock, or any right, option, warrant
or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to receive shares of Common Stock, (i) to officers, directors, employees, consultants, service providers or vendors of the Company, and
(ii) to banks, equipment lessors or other financial institutions, or to real property lessors, pursuant to an equipment lease financing,
credit agreement, real property lease or other commercial transaction undertaken in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practices, so long as any such issuances pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) above do not contain any variable price features.

(j) Fixed Conversion Price means $10.00 per share of Class A Stock. In the event the Corporation
issues any Class A Stock or any warrant, option or other right to receive Class A Stock (other than from conversions of Series 1 Stock)
at price per share lower than the Fixed Conversion Price, then the Fixed Conversion Price will automatically be reduced to such lower
price.

(k) Floor Price means 20% of the Minimum Price as defined in Rule 5635 of the
rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other
similar events) calculated as of the most recent Issuance Date.

(l) Fundamental Transaction means that (i) (A) the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries
shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Corporation
or any of its subsidiaries is the surviving corporation) any other person or entity, (B) the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries
shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose
of all or substantially all of its respective properties or assets to any other person or entity, (C) the Corporation or any of its
subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, allow any other person or entity to make a purchase,
tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation
(not including any shares of voting stock of the Corporation held by the person or persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated
with the persons or entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), (D) the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries
shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination
(including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with any other person or entity
whereby such other person or entity acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation (not including
any shares of voting stock of the Corporation held by the other persons or entities making or party to, or associated or affiliated with
the other persons or entities making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination), (E) the
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, reorganize, recapitalize or
reclassify either class of the Common Stock, other than an increase in the number of authorized shares of either class of the Corporations
Common Stock, (F) the Corporation transfers any material asset to any subsidiary, affiliate, person or entity under common ownership or
control with the Corporation, or (G) the Corporation pays or makes any monetary or non-monetary dividend or distribution to its shareholders;
or (ii) any person or group (as these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) is or shall become the beneficial owner (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and
outstanding voting stock of the Corporation.

(m) Issuance Date means the date that the applicable shares of Series 2 Stock are issued to
a Series 2 Holder.

9 

(n) Liabilities means liabilities, obligations or responsibilities of any nature whatsoever,
whether direct or indirect, matured or un-matured, fixed or unfixed, known or unknown, asserted or unasserted, choate or inchoate, liquidated
or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, absolute, contingent or otherwise, including any direct or indirect indebtedness, guaranty, endorsement,
claim, loss, damage, deficiency, cost or expense.

(o) Market Capitalization means a number equal to (i) the daily VWAP of the Class A Stock on
any given Business Day, multiplied by (ii) the aggregate number of outstanding Class A Stock as reported on the Corporations most
recently filed Form 10-Q or Form 10-K.

(p) Market Price means the greater of (i) 88% multiplied by the lowest daily VWAP during the
eight (8) Business Day period prior to the applicable measurement date; and (ii) the Floor Price.

(q) Person means a natural person, a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership,
an association, a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or any agency or instrumentality
thereof.

(r) Restricted Issuance means (i) the issuance, incurrence or guaranty of any debt or additional
Liabilities other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the issuance of (a) any Equity Securities of the
Corporation, including, without limitation any Common Stock or any class or series of Preferred Stock, other than Exempt Issuances; (b)
any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or any class or series of Preferred Stock, other than
in each of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), for any such issuances or sales to a Series 2 Holder as contemplated in this Certificate
of Designations or otherwise to a Series 2 Holder or any of its Affiliates. For the avoidance of doubt, the issuance of Common Stock under,
pursuant to, in exchange for or in connection with any contract or instrument, whether convertible or not, is deemed a Restricted Issuance
for purposes hereof if the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued is based upon or related in any way to the market price of the
Common Stock, including, but not limited to, Common Stock issued in connection with a Section 3(a)(9) exchange, a Section 3(a)(10) settlement,
or any other similar settlement or exchange.

(s) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(t) Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules
and regulation promulgated thereunder.

(u) Series 1 Stock means the Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
of the Corporation.

(v) VWAP means the volume weighted average price of the Class A Stock on the principal market
for a particular Business Day or set of Business Days, as the case may be, as reported by Bloomberg, LP.

Section 15.Miscellaneous.

(a) Legend. Any certificates representing the Series 2 Stock shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially
the following form (and a stop transfer order may be placed against transfer of such stock certificates):

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, NOR REGISTERED NOR QUALIFIED
UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, DELIVERED AFTER SALE, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, OR HYPOTHECATED
UNLESS QUALIFIED AND REGISTERED UNDER APPLICABLE STATE AND FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS OR UNLESS, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY, SUCH QUALIFICATION AND REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. ANY TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS
FURTHER SUBJECT TO OTHER RESTRICTIONS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS WHICH ARE SET FORTH HEREIN.

10 

(b) Uncertificated Shares Lost or Mutilated Series 2 Stock Certificate. The Series 2 Stock shall be
issued to each Series 2 Holder in uncertificated (book entry) form by the stock transfer agent of the Corporation unless a Series 2 Holder
requests such Series 2 Stock be issued to such Series 2 Holder in certificated form. If any certificate for the Series 2 Stock held by
the Series 2 Holder thereof shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and
substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate,
a new certificate for the share of Series 2 Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss,
theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership hereof, and indemnity, if requested, all reasonably satisfactory to the
Corporation.

(c) Interpretation. If the Corporation or any Series 2 Holder shall commence an action or proceeding
to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designations, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed
by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

(d) Waiver. Any waiver by the Corporation or the Series 2 Holder of a breach of any provision of this
Certificate of Designations shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach
of any other provision of this Certificate of Designations. The failure of the Corporation or the Series 2 Holder to insist upon strict
adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designations on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party
of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designations. Any waiver
must be in writing.

(e) Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
the balance of this Certificate of Designations shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance,
it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Cloudastructure,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, has caused this Certificate of Designations to be signed by a duly authorized officer on this 21st day of
March, 2025.

Cloudastructure, Inc.

/s/ James McCormick

Name: James
McCormick

Title:Chief Executive Officer

11 

EXHIBIT A

CLOUDASTRUCTURE, INC.

CONVERSION NOTICE

Reference is made to the
Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock of Cloudastructure, Inc. (the "Certificate
of Designations"). In accordance with and pursuant to the Certificate of Designations, the undersigned hereby elects to convert
the number of shares of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the "Series 2 Preferred Shares"),
of Cloudastructure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), indicated below into shares of Class A common
stock, par value ($0.0001), of the Corporation, as of the date specified below.

A. Date of
Conversion: 

B. No. of Shares of Class A Stock Beneficially Owned: 

C. No. of Series 2 Preferred Shares Being Converted: 

D. Stated Value: 

E. Conversion
Amount: 

F. Conversion
Price: 

G. Conversion
Shares: (E divided by F)

H. Remaining
Series 2 Preferred Shares Held: 

Please transfer the Conversion Shares electronically
to the following account:

Broker: Address: 

DTC#: 

Account #: 

Account Name: 

Series 2 Holder:

[________]

By: _________________________

[_____], [______]

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cloudastructure_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Securities Purchase Agreement

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March 21, 2025 (the Execution Date),
is entered into by and between Cloudastructure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Company),
and Streeterville Capital, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, its successors and/or
assigns (Investor).

A.Company
and Investor are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon an exemption from securities registration afforded by the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

B.Investor
desires to purchase and Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement up to $40,000,000.00
(the Commitment Amount) in Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001, of Company (the Preferred
Shares).

D.The
Preferred Shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Shares),
upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of
Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Certificate of Designations).

E.This
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below), and all other certificates, documents, agreements, resolutions and instruments
delivered to any party under or in connection with this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, are collectively referred
to herein as the Transaction Documents.

F.For
purposes of this Agreement: Conversion Shares means all Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred
Shares; and Securities means the Preferred Shares and the Conversion Shares.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the above recitals and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
Company and Investor hereby agree as follows:

1.Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1.Initial Preferred Shares. On the Closing Date (as defined below), Company shall issue and sell to Investor and Investor
shall purchase from Company 4,500 Preferred Shares (the Initial Preferred Shares). In consideration thereof, Investor
shall pay $4,500,000.00 (the Purchase Price) to Company. The purchase price per share for the purchase of all Preferred
Shares pursuant to this Agreement will be $1,000.00 per share.

1.2.Pre-Delivery Shares. The parties agree that the 720,000 Class A Shares previously purchased by Investor will be deemed to
be pre-delivery shares under this Agreement (the Pre-Delivery Shares).

1.3.Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below,
the date of the issuance and sale of the Initial Preferred Shares pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall
be March 21, 2025 or such other date as is mutually agreed upon by the parties. The closing of the issuance of the Initial Preferred Shares
(the Closing) shall occur on the Closing Date by means of the exchange of electronic signatures, but shall be deemed
for all purposes to have occurred at the offices of Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC in Lehi, Utah.

1 

1.4.Transaction Expense Amount. Company agrees to pay $25,000.00 to Investor to cover Investors legal fees, accounting
costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Preferred Shares
(the Transaction Expense Amount). The Transaction Expense Amount will be deducted from the payment of the Purchase
Price.

1.5.Request for Purchase of Additional Preferred Shares. The parties hereby agree that Company may, at its sole and absolute
discretion, at any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period (as defined below), subject to the satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in Annex I attached hereto, request that Investor purchase additional Preferred Shares in an amount less than
the Maximum Purchase Amount and greater than the Minimum Purchase Amount by providing a written notice of such request to Investor (each,
a Request). The closing of each Preferred Share purchase shall take place on or before the third (3rd)
Business Day (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) following the date of such Request (the date of the closing of each Preferred
Share purchase shall be referred to as the Preferred Share Purchase Date). Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in Annex I attached hereto as of such Preferred Share purchase, Investor shall pay to Company the amount
set forth in such Request (which amount shall serve as the purchase price of such Preferred Share purchase) in immediately available funds
to an account designated by Company in writing.

1.6.Exchange Cap. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Certificate of Designations or any of the other
Transaction Documents, Company and Investor agree that the total cumulative number of Class A Shares issued to Investor from conversion
of the Preferred Shares may not exceed the requirements of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d) (Exchange Cap), except that
such limitation will not apply following the Approval (defined below). Company agrees to seek stockholder approval of the transaction
contemplated hereby, the issuance of Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Preferred Shares and the issuance of Conversion Shares in
excess of the Exchange Cap (the Approval). Company agrees to seek the Approval at the earlier of its next meeting
of shareholders or 180 days from the Closing Date. If the Approval is not obtained at the initial meeting or via written consent, Company
will continue seeking the additional approval every three (3) months thereafter until the Approval is obtained.

2.Investors Representations and Warranties. Investor represents and warrants to Company that as of the Closing Date:
(i) this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by Investor; (ii) this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of
Investor enforceable in accordance with its terms; and (iii) Investor is an accredited investor as that term is defined
in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the 1933 Act.

2 

3.Companys Representations and Warranties. Company represents and warrants to Investor that as of the Closing Date:
(i) Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation
and has the requisite corporate power to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted; (ii) Company is duly
qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the nature of the business conducted or property owned by
it makes such qualification necessary; (iii) when issued, the Conversion Shares will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable, free and clear of all liens, claims, charges and encumbrances; (iv) Companys Class A Shares are registered under
Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), and Company is obligated to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the 1934 Act; (v) each of the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly authorized by Company and all necessary actions have been taken; (vi) this
Agreement, the Certificate of Designations and the other Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by Company and constitute
the valid and binding obligations of Company enforceable in accordance with their terms; (vii) the execution and delivery of the Transaction
Documents by Company, the issuance of the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, and the consummation by Company of the other
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents do not and will not conflict with or result in a breach by Company of any of the
terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under (a) Companys formation documents, as currently in effect, or other applicable
organizational documents, (b) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or other material agreement or instrument to which Company is a
party or by which it or any of its properties or assets are bound, including, without limitation, any listing agreement for the Class
A Shares, or (c) any existing applicable law, rule, or regulation or any applicable decree, judgment, or order of any court, United States
federal, state or foreign regulatory body, administrative agency, or other governmental body having jurisdiction over Company or any of
Companys properties or assets; (viii) except as have been obtained prior to the Closing and listing approval from Nasdaq, no further
authorization, approval or consent of any court, governmental body, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization, or stock exchange
or market or the stockholders or any lender of Company is required to be obtained by Company for the issuance of the Securities to Investor
or the entering into of the Transaction Documents; (ix) none of Companys filings with the SEC contained, at the time they were
filed, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; (x) Company has filed all reports,
schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by Company with the SEC under the 1934 Act on a timely basis or
has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such report, schedule, form, statement or other document prior
to the expiration of any such extension; (xi) there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public
board or body pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against or affecting Company before or by any governmental authority
or non-governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality or any other person; (xii) Company has not consummated
any financing transaction that has not been disclosed in a registration statement filing with the SEC under the 1933 Act, or periodic
or current report filing with the SEC under the 1934 Act; (xiii) Company is not, nor has it been at any time in the previous twelve (12)
months, a Shell Company, as such type of issuer is described in Rule 144(i)(1) under the 1933 Act; (xiv) with
respect to any commissions, placement agent or finders fees or similar payments that will or would become due and owing by Company
to any person or entity as a result of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (Broker Fees), any
such Broker Fees will be made in full compliance with all Applicable Laws and regulations and only to a person or entity that is a registered
investment adviser or registered broker-dealer; (xv) Investor shall have no obligation with respect to any Broker Fees or with respect
to any claims made by or on behalf of other persons for fees of a type contemplated in this subsection that may be due in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby and Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each of Investor, Investors employees, officers,
directors, stockholders, members, managers, agents, and partners, and their respective affiliates, from and against all claims, losses,
damages, costs (including the costs of preparation and reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses suffered in respect of any such
claimed Broker Fees; (xvi) neither Investor nor any of its officers, directors, stockholders, members, managers, employees, agents or
representatives has made any representations or warranties to Company or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives
except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents and, in making its decision to enter into the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents, Company is not relying on any representation, warranty, covenant or promise of Investor or its officers, directors,
members, managers, employees, agents or representatives other than as set forth in the Transaction Documents; (xvii) Company acknowledges
that the State of Utah has a reasonable relationship and sufficient contacts to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and any dispute that may arise related thereto such that the laws and venue of the State of Utah, as set forth more specifically in Section
14.2 below, shall be applicable to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated therein; (xviii) Company acknowledges that
Investor is not registered as a dealer under the 1934 Act; and (xix) Company has performed due diligence and background
research on Investor and its affiliates and has received and reviewed the due diligence packet provided by Investor. Company, being aware
of the matters and legal issues described in subsections (xviii) and (xix) above, acknowledges and agrees that such matters, or any similar
matters, have no bearing on the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and covenants and agrees it will not use any such
information or legal theory as a defense to performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents or in any attempt to avoid,
modify, reduce, rescind or void such obligations.

3 

4.Covenants. Company covenants with Investor as follows, which covenants are for the benefit of Investor during the Commitment
Period:

4.1.Registration Statement.

(a)The Registration Statement. Company will file, in accordance with the provisions of the 1933 Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder, with the SEC within the later of twenty (20) days from (i) the filing of Companys annual report on Form 10-K, and (ii)
the Closing Date, a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Initial Registration Statement) registering at least
8,000,000 Class A Shares (subject to any limits that may be imposed pursuant to Rule 415 under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations
of the Principal Market), including a base prospectus, with respect to the issuance and sale of securities by Company, including Class
A Shares, which contains, among other things a Plan of Distribution section disclosing the methods by which Investor may sell the Class
A Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, the Initial Registration Statement, as amended when it becomes effective, including
all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any information contained in a Prospectus subsequently
filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) (a Prospectus) under the 1933 Act or deemed to be a part of the Initial
Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430B of the 1933 Act, is herein called the Registration Statement. Company
covenants to file one or more Registration Statements as necessary to have sufficient Class A Shares registered to accommodate the Class
A Shares underlying the conversion of each Preferred Share. Following effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement, Company will
use reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement at all times Investor owns any of the Securities.

(b)Initial Disclosure. Within four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, Company shall file with the SEC a current report
on Form 8-K or such other appropriate form as determined by counsel to Company (the Current Report), relating to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement disclosing all information relating to the transaction contemplated hereby required to
be disclosed therein.

(c)Delivery of Final Documents. Company shall furnish to Investor without charge, (i) at least one copy of each Registration
Statement as declared effective by the SEC and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated
therein by reference, all exhibits and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) at the request of Investor, at least one copy of the final prospectus
included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as Investor may reasonably
request) and (iii) such other documents as Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of
the Class A Shares owned by Investor pursuant to a Registration Statement. Filing of the foregoing with the SEC via its EDGAR system shall
satisfy the requirements of this Section.

(d)Amendments and Other Filings. Company shall (i) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective
amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement and the related prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement,
and (ii) all Periodic Reports as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Commitment Period.

(e)Blue-Sky. To the extent legally required, Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, if required by Applicable Laws, (i) register and qualify the Class A Shares covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Commitment Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Commitment Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Class A Shares for sale in such jurisdictions. Company shall promptly notify Investor of the receipt by Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Class A Shares for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

4.2.Listing of Class A Shares. As of each Conversion Notice Date, Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the Conversion Shares to be listed on the Principal Market.

4 

4.3.Notice of Certain Events Affecting Registration; Suspension of Right to Request a Preferred Share. Company will promptly
notify Investor, and confirm in writing, upon its becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of a Registration
Statement or related Prospectus (in each of which cases the information provided to Investor will be kept strictly confidential): (i)
except for requests made in connection with SEC investigations, receipt of any request for additional information by the SEC or any other
federal or state governmental authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any request for amendments
or supplements to the Registration Statement or related Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the SEC or any other federal governmental authority
of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii)
receipt of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Class A
Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or written threat of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the happening of any
event that makes any statement made in the Registration Statement or related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related
Prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and that
in the case of the related Prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading, or of the necessity to amend the Registration Statement or supplement a related Prospectus to comply with the 1933 Act
or any other law; (v) Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement would be
appropriate and Company will promptly make available to Investor any such supplement or amendment to the related Prospectus. Investor
shall not deliver to Company any Conversion Notice (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), and Company shall not issue any Conversion
Shares pursuant to any pending Conversion Notice, during the continuation of any of the foregoing events (each of the events described
in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (v), inclusive, a Material Outside Event). Company shall be obligated
to cure any Material Outside Event within ten (10) Business Days. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this paragraph,
consistent with Section 4.6, the Company may not disclose to the Investor any material information not yet publicly available or disclosed
to other shareholders.

4.4.Market Activities. Company will not, directly or indirectly, take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes
or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the manipulation of the price of any security of Company under Regulation M of the 1934
Act.

4.5.No Frustration. Company shall not enter into, announce or recommend to its stockholders any agreement, plan, arrangement
or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability or right of Company
to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, including, without limitation, the obligation of Company
to deliver the Conversion Shares to Investor in respect of a Conversion Notice.

4.6.Material Non-Public Information. From and after the filing of the Current Report with the SEC, Company shall have publicly
disclosed all material, nonpublic information delivered to Investor (or Investors representatives or agents) by Company or any
of its subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives (if any) in connection with
Company and any of its subsidiaries. Company understands and confirms that Investor will rely on the foregoing representations in
effecting resales of Conversion Shares under the Registration Statement. Company covenants and agrees that, other than with Investors
prior written consent, it shall refrain from disclosing, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees and agents to refrain from
disclosing, any material non-public information (as determined under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, or the rules and regulations of the SEC)
to Investor without also disseminating such information to the public within a reasonable time period thereafter, unless prior to disclosure
of such information Company identifies such information as being material non-public information and provides Investor with the opportunity
to accept or refuse to accept such material non-public information for review.

5 

5.Indemnification.

5.1.Indemnification by Company. In consideration of Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring
the Preferred Shares hereunder, and in addition to all of Companys other obligations under this Agreement, Company shall defend,
protect, indemnify and hold harmless Investor and its officers, directors, managers, members, partners, employees and agents (including,
without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls Investor
within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act (collectively, the Investor Indemnitees)
from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and reasonable
and documented expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Investor Indemnitee is a party to the action for which
indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities),
incurred by Investor Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Conversion Shares as originally
filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or
are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss,
claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to Company by or on behalf of Investor specifically
for inclusion therein; (b) any material misrepresentation or breach of any material representation or material warranty made by Company
in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby; or (c) any material breach of any material
covenant, material agreement or material obligation of Company contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document
contemplated hereby or thereby. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by Company may be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, Company
shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under
Applicable Laws. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the mechanics and procedures with respect to the rights and obligations under
this Section 5.1 (Indemnification by Company) shall be the same as those set forth in Section 6 of the Registration Rights Agreement.

5.2.Indemnification by Investor. In consideration of Companys execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in addition
to all of Investors other obligations under this Agreement, Investor shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless Company
and all of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act
or Section 20 of the 1934 Act (collectively, the Company Indemnitees) from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities
incurred by Company Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Conversion Shares as originally filed
or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based
upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading; provided, however, that Investor will only be liable for written information relating to Investor furnished to
Company by or on behalf of Investor specifically for inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity, and will not be
liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to Investor by or on behalf of Company specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or
warranty made by Investor in this Agreement or any instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed by Investor; or (c)
any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of Investor contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document
contemplated hereby or thereby executed by Investor. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by Investor may be unenforceable under
Applicable Laws, Investor shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities,
which is permissible under Applicable Laws. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the mechanics and procedures with respect to the rights
and obligations under this Section 5.2 (Indemnification by Investor) shall be the same as those set forth in Section 6 of the Registration
Rights Agreement.

6 

5.3.Notice of Claims. Promptly after receipt by an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of
any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving an Indemnified Liability, such Investor Indemnitee
or Company Indemnitee, as applicable, shall, if a claim for an Indemnified Liability in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying
party under this Section 5, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify
the indemnifying party will not relieve it of liability under this Section 5 except to the extent the indemnifying party is prejudiced
by such failure. The indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires,
jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnifying party and Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as the case may be; provided, however, that an Investor
Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the actual and reasonable third party fees and expenses
of not more than one counsel for such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable
opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee
and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Investor Indemnitee or Company
Indemnitee and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall cooperate
fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party
and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee which relates
to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee reasonably apprised as to the status
of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action,
claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably
withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of Investor Indemnitee or Company
Indemnitee, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional
term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of a release from all liability
in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated
to all rights of Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter
for which indemnification has been made. The indemnification required by this Section 5 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount
thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received and payment therefor is due.

6.Conditions to Companys Obligation to Sell. The obligation of Company hereunder to issue and sell the Securities to
Investor at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

6.1.Investor shall have executed this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and delivered the same to Company.

6.2.Investor shall have delivered the Purchase Price to Company.

7.Conditions to Investors Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of Investor hereunder to purchase the Securities at
the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions
are for Investors sole benefit and may be waived by Investor at any time in its sole discretion:

7.1.Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to Investor.

7.2.Company shall have issued and delivered the Initial Preferred Shares to Investor.

7.3.Company shall have executed a Registration Rights Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B and delivered
the same to Investor.

7.4.Company shall have delivered to Investor a fully executed Irrevocable Letter of Instructions to Transfer Agent (the TA
Letter) substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C acknowledged and agreed to in writing by Companys
transfer agent (the Transfer Agent).

7.5.Company shall have delivered to Investor a fully executed Officers Certificate substantially in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit D evidencing Companys approval of the Transaction Documents.

7 

7.6.Company shall have delivered to Investor a fully executed Share Issuance Resolution substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit E to be delivered to the Transfer Agent.

7.7.Company shall have filed the Certificate of Designations with the State of Delaware and received confirmation from the State of
Delaware that such Certificate of Designations has been accepted and approved.

8.Reservation of Shares. On the date hereof, Company will reserve 3,000,000 Class A Shares from its authorized and unissued
Class A Shares to provide for all issuances of Class A Shares pursuant to conversions of the Preferred Shares (the Share Reserve).
Company further agrees to add additional Class A Shares to the Share Reserve in increments of 100,000 shares as and when requested by
Investor if as of the date of any such request the number of Class A Shares being held in the Share Reserve is less than three (3) times
the number of Class A Shares obtained by multiplying the total number of Preferred Shares owned by Investor as of the date of the request
by the Stated Value (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) and dividing the resulting product by the Conversion Price (as defined
in the Certificate of Designations). Company shall further require its Transfer Agent to hold the Class A Shares reserved pursuant to
the Share Reserve exclusively for the benefit of Investor and to issue such shares to Investor promptly upon Investors delivery
of a Conversion Notice under the Certificate of Designations.

9.Reinvestment Right. For a period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the later of: (i) the date that is two (2)
years following the Closing Date, and (ii) the date that Investor no longer holds any Preferred Shares or Series 1 Shares (the Reinvestment
Right Period), Investor will have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase up to $4,000,000.00 in Preferred Shares or
Series 1 Shares in one or more tranches (of at least $100,000.00) (the Reinvestment Right) at its election. The parties
agree that the Reinvestment Right will supersede and replace the reinvestment right granted to Investor in connection with its prior purchase
of Series 1 Shares.

10.Participation Right. Beginning on the Closing Date and ending six (6) months after Investor no longer holds any Preferred
Shares or Series 1 Shares or is not otherwise owed any obligations from the Company, Company hereby grants to Investor a participation
right, whereby Investor shall have the right to participate at Investors discretion in up to thirty percent (30%) of the amount
sold in any debt or equity financing (the Participation Right). Within two (2) Business Days following the consummation
of a financing (provided, however, that with respect to any public offering of the Companys securities, the aforementioned time
frame shall instead be upon the commencement of offers to the public), Company will provide Investor with written notice of the consummation
of such financing, along with copies of the transaction documents. Investor will then have up to five (5) Business Days (provided, however,
that with respect to any public offering of the Companys securities, the aforementioned time frame shall instead be up to the deadline
for the public to indicate such participation in the public offering) to elect to purchase up to thirty percent (30%) of the amount of
debt or equity securities issued in such transaction on the most favorable terms and conditions offered to any other purchaser of the
same securities. The parties agree that in the event Company breaches its obligations with respect to the Participation Right, Investors
sole and exclusive remedy shall be to receive, as liquidated damages, an amount equal to twenty percent (20%) of the amount Investor would
have been entitled to invest under the Participation Right. The parties agree that the Participation Right will supersede and replace
the participation right granted to Investor in connection with its prior purchase of Series 1 Shares.

11.Most Favored Nation. So long as Investor owns any Preferred Shares, upon any issuance by Company of any preferred stock
or debt security with any economic term or condition more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder
of such security that was not similarly provided to Investor in the Transaction Documents, then Company shall notify Investor of such
additional or more favorable term and such term, at Investors option, shall become a part of the Transaction Documents for the
benefit of Investor. Additionally, if Company fails to notify Investor of any such additional or more favorable term, but Investor becomes
aware that Company has granted such a term to any third party, Investor may notify Company of such additional or more favorable term and
such term shall become a part of the Transaction Documents retroactive to the date on which such term was granted to the applicable third
party. The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not
limited to, terms addressing conversion discounts, conversion lookback periods, interest rates/preferred return rates, dividend rights,
original issue discounts, floor prices, and conversion prices. Company covenants and agrees to amend the Certificate of Designations to
effectuate the provisions of this Section 11, if necessary, within seven (7) Business Days of the issuance of the applicable security
with the more favorable term or terms.

8 

12.Pre-Delivery Shares.

12.1.Investor shall not, directly or indirectly, sell, transfer, offer, exchange, assign, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise
dispose of, or enter into any contract, option or other agreement with respect to any sale, transfer, offer, exchange, assignment, pledge,
encumbrance, hypothecation or other disposition of (collectively, Transfer), any Pre-Delivery Shares; provided,
however, during the period beginning on any Business Day in which a Conversion Notice is sent by Investor to Company and ending on
the date of delivery of the applicable Conversion Shares by Company covered by such Conversion Notice (such period, the Interim
Period), Investor may Transfer a number of Pre-Delivery Shares up to the number of Conversion Shares covered by the applicable
Conversion Notice; provided further that to the extent any such Transfer is made by Investor during the Interim Period, an equal number
of Conversion Shares shall be deemed to be Pre-Delivery Shares upon delivery by Company to Investor (which shall be subject to the terms
and conditions hereunder applicable to Pre-Delivery Shares) such that the total number of Pre-Delivery Shares held by Investor prior to
Companys exercise of its repurchase right under Section 12.2 shall always be equal to the number of Pre-Delivery Shares previously
delivered to Investor, except during the Interim Period.

12.2.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Investor covenants and agrees with Company that, at such time as Investor
no longer holds any Preferred Shares and the Reinvestment Right Period has expired, Investor shall within thirty (30) Business Days deliver
to Company a number of Class A Shares equal to the number of Pre-Delivery Shares issued to Investor hereunder (as adjusted for any share
splits, share dividends, share combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions occurring after the date hereof), and Company
shall pay Investor $0.0001 for each such Pre-Delivery Share (as adjusted for any share splits, share dividends, share combinations, recapitalizations
or other similar transactions occurring after the date hereof).

13.Certain Definitions.

13.1.Applicable Laws means all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, executive orders, directives,
policies, guidelines and codes having the force of law, whether local, national, or international, as amended from time to time, including
without limitation (i) all applicable laws that relate to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial record keeping and reporting,
(ii) all applicable laws that relate to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, books and records and internal controls, including the United States
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and (iii) any sanctions laws.

13.2.Change of Control means the transfer (whether by tender offer, merger, stock purchase, consolidation or other
similar transaction), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, to a person or group of affiliated persons of the Companys
securities if, after such transfer, such person or group of affiliated persons would hold more than 50% of outstanding voting securities
of the Company.

13.3.Commitment Period means the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier of: (i) the date
that is two (2) years from the Closing Date, and (ii) the date Company has sold $40,000,000.00 in Preferred Shares hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event that a definitive agreement that contemplates a Change of Control is entered into after the Closing, the Commitment
Period for any Preferred Shares shall automatically terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such Change of Control. The
Company may waive this condition subsequent, at its sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, the termination of the Commitment Period
will not affect Companys obligations with respect to Preferred Shares issued prior to the termination of the Commitment Period.

13.4.Conversion Notice means a written notice delivered by Investor to Company requiring Company to sell Conversion
Shares to Investor.

13.5.Conversion Notice Date means each date Investor delivers to Company a Conversion Notice.

13.6.Maximum Purchase Amount means $2,000,000.00 less the Preferred Share Outstanding Balance, rounded down to
the nearest $1,000.00.

13.7.Minimum Purchase Amount means $250,000.00.

13.8.Nasdaq Minimum Price means the lower of: (i) the Nasdaq official closing price on the Business Day immediately
preceding the applicable measurement date; or (ii) the average Nasdaq official closing price for the five (5) Business Days immediately
preceding the applicable measurement date.

9 

13.9.Periodic Reports shall mean the Companys (i) Annual Reports on Form 10-K, (ii) Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q, (iii) any current report to be filed on Form 8-K, and (iv) all other reports required to be filed by the Company with the SEC
under Applicable Laws and regulations (including, without limitation, Regulation S-K); provided that all such Periodic
Reports shall include, when filed, all information, financial statements, audit reports (when applicable) and other information required
to be included in such Periodic Reports in compliance with all Applicable Laws and regulations.

13.10.Preferred Share Outstanding Balance means the total Stated Value of all outstanding Preferred Shares held
by Investor as of the applicable measurement date.

13.11.Principal Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market; provided however, that in the event Companys Class
A Shares are ever listed or traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Global Select
Market, then the Principal Market shall mean such other market or exchange on which Companys Class A Shares are then
listed or traded.

13.12.Series 1 Shares means shares of Companys Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001.

14.Miscellaneous. The provisions set forth in this Section 14 shall apply to this Agreement, as well as all other Transaction
Documents as if these terms were fully set forth therein; provided, however, that in the event there is a conflict between any provision
set forth in this Section 14 and any provision in any other Transaction Document, the provision in such other Transaction Document shall
govern.

14.1.Arbitration of Claims. The parties shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit F) arising under this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document or any other agreement between the parties and their affiliates or any Claim relating to the relationship
of the parties to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth in Exhibit F attached hereto (the Arbitration
Provisions). For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that the injunction described in Section 14.3 below may be pursued
in an arbitration that is separate and apart from any other arbitration regarding all other Claims arising under the Transaction Documents.
The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally binding on the parties hereto and are severable
from all other provisions of this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, Company represents, warrants and covenants that Company has
reviewed the Arbitration Provisions carefully, consulted with legal counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands
that the Arbitration Provisions are intended to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to
the terms and limitations set forth in the Arbitration Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing
representations. Company acknowledges and agrees that Investor may rely upon the foregoing representations and covenants of Company regarding
the Arbitration Provisions.

14.2.Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the
construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah,
without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Utah. Each party consents to and expressly agrees
that the exclusive venue for arbitration of any dispute arising out of or relating to any Transaction Document or the relationship of
the parties or their affiliates shall be in Salt Lake County, Utah. Without modifying the parties obligations to resolve disputes
hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection with any of the Transaction Documents (and
notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any transfer agent services agreement or other
agreement between the Transfer Agent and Company, such litigation specifically includes, without limitation any action between or involving
Company and the Transfer Agent or otherwise related to Investor in any way (specifically including, without limitation, any action where
Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Transfer Agent from issuing Class A Shares
to Investor for any reason)), each party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of
any state or federal court sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah, (ii) expressly submits to the exclusive venue of any such court for the
purposes hereof, (iii) agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks
to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Transfer Agent from issuing Class A Shares to Investor
for any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah, and (iv) waives any claim of improper venue and
any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or any other claim, defense or objection to the bringing of any such
proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Finally, Company covenants
and agrees to name Investor as a party in interest in, and provide written notice to Investor in accordance with Section 14.10 below prior
to bringing or filing, any action (including without limitation any filing or action against any person or entity that is not a party
to this Agreement, including without limitation the Transfer Agent) that is related in any way to the Transaction Documents or any transaction
contemplated herein or therein, including without limitation any action brought by Company to enjoin or prevent the issuance of any Class
A Shares to Investor by the Transfer Agent, and further agrees to timely name Investor as a party to any such action. Company acknowledges
that the governing law and venue provisions set forth in this Section 14.2 are material terms to induce Investor to enter into the Transaction
Documents and that but for Companys agreements set forth in this Section 14.2 Investor would not have entered into the Transaction
Documents.

10 

14.3.Specific Performance. Company acknowledges and agrees that Investor may suffer irreparable harm in the event that Company
fails to perform any material provision of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents in accordance with its specific terms.
It is accordingly agreed that Investor shall be entitled to one or more injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions of this
Agreement or such other Transaction Document and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof or thereof, this being in addition
to any other remedy to which Investor may be entitled under the Transaction Documents, at law or in equity. Company specifically agrees
that: (i) following an Event of Default (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) under the Certificate of Designations, Investor
shall have the right to seek and receive injunctive relief from a court or an arbitrator prohibiting Company from issuing any of its Class
A Shares, shares of Class B common stock or preferred stock to any party unless fifty percent (50%) of the net proceeds received by Company
in connection with such issuance are simultaneously used by Company to make a redemption of the Preferred Shares under the Certificate
of Designations; (ii) following a breach of Section 12(g) of the Certificate of Designations, Investor shall have the right to seek and
receive injunctive relief from a court or arbitrator invalidating such lock-up; and (iii) if Company enters into a definitive agreement
that contemplates a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), unless such agreement contains a closing
condition that the Preferred Shares are redeemed in full upon consummation of the transaction or Investor has provided its consent in
writing to such Fundamental Transaction, Investor shall have the right to seek and receive injunctive relief from a court or arbitrator
preventing the consummation of such transaction. Company specifically acknowledges that Investors right to obtain specific performance
constitutes bargained for leverage and that the loss of such leverage would result in irreparable harm to Investor. For the avoidance
of doubt, in the event Investor seeks to obtain an injunction from a court or an arbitrator against Company or specific performance of
any provision of any Transaction Document, such action shall not be a waiver of any right of Investor under any Transaction Document,
at law, or in equity, including without limitation its rights to arbitrate any Claim pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents,
nor shall Investors pursuit of an injunction prevent Investor, under the doctrines of claim preclusion, issues preclusion, res
judicata or other similar legal doctrines, from pursuing other Claims in the future in a separate arbitration.

14.4.Calculation Disputes. Notwithstanding the Arbitration Provisions, in the case of a dispute as to any determination or arithmetic
calculation under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation, calculating the Conversion Price, Conversion Shares, or VWAP
(as defined in the Certificate of Designations) (each, a Calculation), Company or Investor (as the case may be) shall
submit any disputed Calculation via email with confirmation of receipt (i) within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the applicable
notice giving rise to such dispute to Company or Investor (as the case may be) or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any
time after Investor learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If Investor and Company are unable to agree upon such Calculation
within two (2) Business Days of such disputed Calculation being submitted to Company or Investor (as the case may be), then Investor will
promptly submit via email, with Company carbon copied on all communications, the disputed Calculation to Unkar Systems Inc. (Unkar
Systems). Investor shall cause Unkar Systems to perform the Calculation and notify Company and Investor of the results no later
than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives such disputed Calculation. Unkar Systems determination of the disputed Calculation
shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. Unkar Systems fee for performing such Calculation shall be paid by
the incorrect party, or if both parties are incorrect, by the party whose Calculation is furthest from the correct Calculation as determined
by Unkar Systems. In the event Company is the losing party, no extension of the Delivery Date (as defined in the Certificate of Designations)
shall be granted and Company shall incur all effects for failing to deliver the applicable shares in a timely manner as set forth in the
Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Investor may, in its sole discretion, designate an independent, reputable investment
bank or accounting firm other than Unkar Systems to resolve any such dispute and in such event, all references to Unkar Systems
herein will be replaced with references to such independent, reputable investment bank or accounting firm so designated by Investor.

14.5.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered electronic mail (including pdf or
any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any
counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

14.6.Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the
interpretation of, this Agreement.

14.7.Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute
or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified
to conform to such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

11 

14.8.Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the other Transaction Documents, contains the entire understanding of the
parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither Company
nor Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. For the avoidance of doubt, all
prior term sheets or other documents between Company and Investor, or any affiliate thereof, related to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents (collectively, Prior Agreements), that may have been entered into between Company and
Investor, or any affiliate thereof, are hereby null and void and deemed to be replaced in their entirety by the Transaction Documents.
To the extent there is a conflict between any term set forth in any Prior Agreement and the term(s) of the Transaction Documents, the
Transaction Documents shall govern.

14.9.Amendments. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by both
parties hereto.

14.10.Notices. Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (unless otherwise specified herein) and shall
be deemed effectively given on the earliest of: (i) the date delivered, if delivered by personal delivery as against written receipt therefor
or by email to an executive officer named below or such officers successor, (ii) the earlier of the date delivered or the third
Business Day after deposit, postage prepaid, in the United States Postal Service by certified mail or with an international courier, or
(iii) the earlier of the date delivered or the third Business Day after mailing by express courier, with delivery costs and fees prepaid,
in each case, addressed to each of the other parties thereunto entitled at the following addresses (or at such other addresses as such
party may designate by five (5) calendar days advance written notice similarly given to each of the other parties hereto):

If to Company:

Cloudastructure, Inc.

Attn: James McCormick

228 Hamilton Avenue, 3rd Floor

Palo Alto, California 94301

Email: james@cloudastructure.com
and notices@cloudastructure.com

If to Investor:

Streeterville Capital, LLC

Attn: John M. Fife

297 Auto Mall Drive #4

St. George, Utah 84770

With a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):

Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC

Attn: Jonathan Hansen

3051 West Maple Loop Drive, Suite 325

Lehi, Utah 84043

14.11.Successors and Assigns. This Agreement or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be
performed by Investor hereunder may be assigned by Investor to a third party, including its affiliates, in whole or in part, without the
need to obtain Companys consent thereto. Company may not assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or delegate its
duties hereunder, whether directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of Investor, and any such attempted assignment or
delegation shall be null and void.

12 

14.12.Survival. The representations and warranties of Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall
survive the Closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of Investor. Company agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless Investor and all its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents for loss or damage arising as a
result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this
Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

14.13.Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

14.14.Investors Rights and Remedies Cumulative. All rights, remedies, and powers conferred in this Agreement and the Transaction
Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies, and shall be in addition to every other right, power, and
remedy that Investor may have, whether specifically granted in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or existing at law, in
equity, or by statute, and any and all such rights and remedies may be exercised from time to time and as often and in such order as Investor
may deem expedient.

14.15.Attorneys Fees and Cost of Collection. In the event any suit, action or arbitration is filed by either party against
the other to interpret or enforce any of the Transaction Documents, the unsuccessful party to such action agrees to pay to the prevailing
party all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees incurred therein, including the same with respect to an appeal. The
prevailing party shall be the party in whose favor a judgment is entered, regardless of whether judgment is entered on all
claims asserted by such party and regardless of the amount of the judgment; or where, due to the assertion of counterclaims, judgments
are entered in favor of and against both parties, then the arbitrator shall determine the prevailing party by taking into
account the relative dollar amounts of the judgments or, if the judgments involve nonmonetary relief, the relative importance and value
of such relief. Nothing herein shall restrict or impair an arbitrators or a courts power to award fees and expenses for
frivolous or bad faith pleading.

14.16.Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by
the party granting the waiver. No waiver of any provision or consent to any prohibited action shall constitute a waiver of any other provision
or consent to any other prohibited action, whether or not similar. No waiver or consent shall constitute a continuing waiver or consent
or commit a party to provide a waiver or consent in the future except to the extent specifically set forth in writing.

14.17.Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH
PARTY MAY HAVE TO DEMAND THAT ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER
TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR THE RELATIONSHIPS OF THE PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED BY JURY. THIS WAIVER EXTENDS TO ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO DEMAND
A TRIAL BY JURY ARISING UNDER COMMON LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE, LAW, RULE OR REGULATION. FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
SUCH PARTY IS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVING SUCH PARTYS RIGHT TO DEMAND TRIAL BY JURY.

14.18.Time is of the Essence. Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents.

14.19.Voluntary Agreement. Company has carefully read this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and has asked
any questions needed for Company to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction
Documents and fully understand them. Company has had the opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of Companys choosing, or
has waived the right to do so, and is executing this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents voluntarily and without any
duress or undue influence by Investor or anyone else.

13 

14.20.Document Imaging. Investor shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, to image or make copies of all or any selection of
the agreements, instruments, documents, and items and records governing, arising from or relating to any of Companys Securities,
including, without limitation, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and Investor may destroy or archive the paper originals. The
parties hereto (i) waive any right to insist or require that Investor produce paper originals, (ii) agree that such images shall be accorded
the same force and effect as the paper originals, (iii) agree that Investor is entitled to use such images in lieu of destroyed or archived
originals for any purpose, including as admissible evidence in any demand, presentment or other proceedings, and (iv) further agree that
any executed facsimile (faxed), scanned, emailed, or other imaged copy of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall be deemed
to be of the same force and effect as the original manually executed document.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank;
signature page follows]

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
Investor and Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

INVESTOR:

Streeterville
Capital, LLC

By: /s/ John M. Fife

John M. Fife, President

COMPANY:

Cloudastructure,
Inc.

By: /s/ James McCormick

James McCormick,Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

15 

ATTACHED EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A Certificate of Designations

Exhibit B Registration Rights Agreement

Exhibit C Transfer Agent Letter

Exhibit D Officers Certificate

Exhibit E Share Issuance Resolution

Exhibit F Arbitration Provisions

16 

annex
I

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO INVESTORS OBLIGATION
TO PURCHASE ADDITIONAL PREFERRED SHARES

The obligation of Investor to purchase from Company
additional Preferred Shares hereunder on each Preferred Share Purchase Date is subject to the satisfaction, as of the date of each Request
and each Preferred Share Purchase Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for Investors sole
benefit and may be waived by Investor at any time in its sole discretion by providing Company with prior written notice thereof:

(a) Company shall have duly executed and delivered to Investor each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

(b) Company shall have received the Approval.

(c) There is an effective Registration Statement pursuant to which Investor is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to sell all of the Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to such Preferred Shares (subject to any limits that may be imposed pursuant to Rule 415 under the 1933 Act). The Current Report shall have been filed with the SEC and Company shall have filed with the SEC in a timely manner all reports, notices and other documents required under the 1934 Act and applicable SEC regulations during the twelve-month period immediately preceding the applicable Preferred Share Purchase Date (other than a report that is required solely pursuant to Item 1.01, 1.02, 1.04, 1.05, 2.03, 2.04, 2.05, 2.06, 4.02(a) or 5.02(e) of Form 8-K and subject to any applicable extension or grace period, including pursuant to Rule 12b-25). Upon request, Investor shall have received an opinion of counsel to Company, in the form reasonably acceptable to Investor, with respect to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

(d) No Material Outside Event shall have occurred and be continuing.

(e) The 20-day and 60-day median and average daily trading volume must be greater than or equal to $500,000.00 per day, as reported by Bloomberg, L.P.

(f) Company shall be in full compliance with the Share Reserve requirements in Section 8 of the Agreement. 

(g) The number of Class A Shares that remain available for issuance under the Registration Statement shall be at least 200% of the maximum number of Class A Shares issuable pursuant to the conversion of all outstanding Preferred Shares (taking into account all Preferred Shares that will be outstanding upon the closing of the Preferred Shares requested and calculated based on the Conversion Price as of the date of determination without taking into account any of the limitations set forth herein).

(h) All of the Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Preferred Share shall have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of Company. All Conversion Shares relating to all prior Preferred Shares required to have been received by Investor under each Preferred Share shall have been delivered to Investor in accordance with the Certificate of Designations.

(i) If so requested, Company shall have delivered to Investor a certificate evidencing the incorporation and good standing of Company as of a date within ten (10) days of the Preferred Share Purchase Date.

(j) The board of directors of Company has approved the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and the Certificate of Designations; said approval has not been amended, rescinded or modified and remains in full force and effect as of the date hereof, and a true, correct and complete copy of such resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors of Company shall have been provided to Investor.

17 

(k) Each and every representation and warranty of Company shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date when made and as of each Preferred Share Purchase Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions set forth in each Transaction Document required to be performed, satisfied or complied with by Company at or prior to the applicable Preferred Share Purchase Date.

(l) Trading in the Class A Shares shall not have been suspended by the SEC, the Principal Market or FINRA, Company shall not have received any final and non-appealable notice that the listing or quotation of the Class A Shares on the Principal Market shall be terminated on a date certain (unless, prior to such date certain, the Class A Shares are listed or quoted on any subsequent Principal Market), nor shall there have been imposed any suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Class A Shares, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Class A Shares that is continuing, Company shall not have received any notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Class A Shares, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Class A Shares is being imposed or is contemplated (unless, prior to such suspension or restriction, DTC shall have notified Company in writing that DTC has determined not to impose any such suspension or restriction).

(m) Company shall have obtained all governmental, regulatory or third-party consents and approvals, if any, necessary for the sale of the Conversion Shares.

(n) To Companys knowledge, no statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental entity of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(o) Since the date of execution of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has resulted in or would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect, or an Event of Default.

(p) The Preferred Share Outstanding Balance shall be less than $3,000,000.00.

(q) The market capitalization of Company must be greater than or equal to $25,000,000.00.

(r) Company shall have notified the Principal Market of the issuance of all of the Conversion Shares hereunder, in accordance with the Principal Markets customary process for the listing of additional shares.

(s) Company shall have delivered to Investor a compliance certificate executed by the chief executive officer of Company certifying that Company has complied with all of the conditions precedent to the applicable Preferred Share set forth herein and which may be relied upon by Investor as evidence of satisfaction of such conditions without any obligation to independently verify.

(t) Company shall have delivered to Investor such other documents, instruments or certificates relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Preferred Shares as Investor or its counsel may reasonably request.

(u) 

The Conversion Shares would be available
for immediate resale by Investor in Investors brokerage account.

(v) Companys stockholder equity as reported in its most recent Periodic Report is at least $3,000,000.00.

(w) Company is not in a noncompliant period with respect to Nasdaq continued listing requirements.

18 

Exhibit
F

ARBITRATION PROVISIONS

1.Dispute
Resolution. For purposes of these arbitration provisions (the Arbitration Provisions), the term Claims
means any disputes, claims, demands, causes of action, requests for injunctive relief, requests for specific performance, liabilities,
damages, losses, or controversies whatsoever arising from, related to, or connected with the transactions contemplated in the Transaction
Documents and any communications between the parties related thereto, including without limitation any claims of mutual mistake, mistake,
fraud, misrepresentation, failure of formation, failure of consideration, promissory estoppel, unconscionability, failure of condition
precedent, rescission, and any statutory claims, tort claims, contract claims, or claims to void, invalidate or terminate the Agreement
(or these Arbitration Provisions (defined below)) or any of the other Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, Investors
pursuit of an injunction or other Claim pursuant to these Arbitration Provisions or with a court will not later prevent Investor under
the doctrines of claim preclusion, issue preclusion, res judicata or other similar legal doctrines from pursuing other Claims in a separate
arbitration in the future. The parties to the Agreement (the parties) hereby agree that the Claims may be arbitrated
in one or more arbitrations pursuant to these Arbitration Provisions (one for an injunction or injunctions and a separate one for all
other Claims). The term Claims specifically excludes a dispute over Calculations. The parties to the Agreement hereby agree
that these Arbitration Provisions are binding on each of them. As a result, any attempt to rescind the Agreement (or these Arbitration
Provisions) or any other Transaction Document) or declare the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions) or any other Transaction Document
invalid or unenforceable pursuant to Section 29 of the 1934 Act or for any other reason is subject to these Arbitration Provisions. Any
capitalized term not defined in these Arbitration Provisions shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

2.Arbitration.
Except as otherwise provided herein, all Claims must be submitted to arbitration (Arbitration) to be conducted exclusively
in Salt Lake County, Utah and pursuant to the terms set forth in these Arbitration Provisions. Subject to the arbitration appeal right
provided for in Paragraph 5 below (the Appeal Right), the parties agree that the award of the arbitrator rendered
pursuant to Paragraph 4 below (the Arbitration Award) shall be (a) final and binding upon the parties, (b) the sole
and exclusive remedy between them regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded to the arbitrator,
and (c) promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with respect to monetary awards). Subject to the
Appeal Right, any costs or fees, including without limitation attorneys fees, incurred in connection with or incident to enforcing
the Arbitration Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the party resisting such enforcement. The Arbitration
Award shall include default interest (at the rate of 18% per annum, Default Interest) (with respect to monetary awards)
both before and after the Arbitration Award. Judgment upon the Arbitration Award will be entered and enforced by any state or federal
court sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah.

3.The
Arbitration Act. The parties hereby incorporate herein the provisions and procedures set forth in the Utah Uniform Arbitration Act,
U.C.A. 78B-11-101 et seq. (as amended or superseded from time to time, the Arbitration Act). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, pursuant to, and to the maximum extent permitted by, Section 105 of the Arbitration Act, in the event of conflict or variation
between the terms of these Arbitration Provisions and the provisions of the Arbitration Act, the terms of these Arbitration Provisions
shall control and the parties hereby waive or otherwise agree to vary the effect of all requirements of the Arbitration Act that may conflict
with or vary from these Arbitration Provisions.

4.Arbitration
Proceedings. Arbitration between the parties will be subject to the following:

4.1Initiation
of Arbitration. Pursuant to Section 110 of the Arbitration Act, the parties agree that a party may initiate Arbitration by giving
written notice to the other party (Arbitration Notice) in the same manner that notice is permitted under Section
14.10 of the Agreement (the Notice Provision);
provided, however, that the Arbitration Notice may not be given by email or fax. Arbitration will be deemed initiated as of the
date that the Arbitration Notice is deemed delivered to such other party under the Notice Provision (the Service Date).
After the Service Date, information may be delivered, and notices may be given, by email pursuant to the Notice Provision or any other
method permitted thereunder. The Arbitration Notice must describe the nature of the controversy, the remedies sought, and the election
to commence Arbitration proceedings. All Claims in the Arbitration Notice must be pleaded consistent with the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure.

19 

4.2Selection
and Payment of Arbitrator.

(a) Within ten (10) calendar
days after the Service Date, Investor shall select and submit to Company the names of three (3) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals
or qualified arbitrators by Utah ADR Services (http://www.utahadrservices.com) (such three (3) designated persons hereunder are referred
to herein as the Proposed Arbitrators). For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed Arbitrator must be qualified as
a neutral with Utah ADR Services. Within five (5) calendar days after Investor has submitted to Company the names of the
Proposed Arbitrators, Company must select, by written notice to Investor, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators to act as the arbitrator
for the parties under these Arbitration Provisions. If Company fails to select one of the Proposed Arbitrators in writing within such
5-day period, then Investor may select the arbitrator from the Proposed Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to Company.

(b) If Investor fails
to submit to Company the Proposed Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the Service Date pursuant to subparagraph (a) above,
then Company may at any time prior to Investor so designating the Proposed Arbitrators, identify the names of three (3) arbitrators that
are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by Utah ADR Service by written notice to Investor. Investor may then,
within five (5) calendar days after Company has submitted notice of its Proposed Arbitrators to Investor, select, by written notice to
Company, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators to act as the arbitrator for the parties under these Arbitration Provisions. If Investor
fails to select in writing and within such 5-day period one (1) of the three (3) Proposed Arbitrators selected by Company, then Company
may select the arbitrator from its three (3) previously selected Proposed Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to
Investor.

(c) If a Proposed Arbitrator
chosen to serve as arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the party that selected such Proposed Arbitrator
may select one (1) of the other three (3) Proposed Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date the chosen Proposed Arbitrator
declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as arbitrator. If all three (3) Proposed Arbitrators decline or are otherwise
unable to serve as arbitrator, then the arbitrator selection process shall begin again in accordance with this Paragraph 4.2.

(d) The date that the
Proposed Arbitrator selected pursuant to this Paragraph 4.2 agrees in writing (including via email) delivered to both parties to serve
as the arbitrator hereunder is referred to herein as the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an arbitrator resigns
or is unable to act during the Arbitration, a replacement arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with this Paragraph 4.2 to continue
the Arbitration. If Utah ADR Services ceases to exist or to provide a list of neutrals and there is no successor thereto, then the arbitrator
shall be selected under the then prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association.

(e) Subject to Paragraph
4.10 below, the cost of the arbitrator must be paid equally by both parties. Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, if one party refuses or
fails to pay its portion of the arbitrator fee, then the other party can advance such unpaid amount (subject to the accrual of Default
Interest thereupon), with such amount being added to or subtracted from, as applicable, the Arbitration Award.

4.3Applicability
of Certain Utah Rules. The parties agree that the Arbitration shall be conducted generally in accordance with the Utah Rules of Civil
Procedure and the Utah Rules of Evidence. More specifically, the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure shall apply, without limitation, to the
filing of any pleadings, motions or memoranda, the conducting of discovery, and the taking of any depositions. The Utah Rules of Evidence
shall apply to any hearings, whether telephonic or in person, held by the arbitrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the parties
intent that the incorporation of such rules will in no event supersede these Arbitration Provisions. In the event of any conflict between
the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure or the Utah Rules of Evidence and these Arbitration Provisions, these Arbitration Provisions shall control.

4.4Answer
and Default. An answer and any counterclaims to the Arbitration Notice shall be required to be delivered to the party initiating the
Arbitration within twenty (20) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an answer is not delivered by the required deadline,
the arbitrator must provide written notice to the defaulting party stating that the arbitrator will enter a default award against such
party if such party does not file an answer within five (5) calendar days of receipt of such notice. If an answer is not filed within
the five (5) day extension period, the arbitrator must render a default award, consistent with the relief requested in the Arbitration
Notice, against a party that fails to submit an answer within such time period.

20 

4.5Related
Litigation. The party that delivers the Arbitration Notice to the other party shall have the option to also commence concurrent legal
proceedings with any state or federal court sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah (Litigation Proceedings), subject to
the following: (a) the complaint in the Litigation Proceedings is to be substantially similar to the claims set forth in the Arbitration
Notice, provided that an additional cause of action to compel arbitration will also be included therein, (b) so long as the other party
files an answer to the complaint in the Litigation Proceedings and an answer to the Arbitration Notice, the Litigation Proceedings will
be stayed pending an Arbitration Award (or Appeal Panel Award (defined below), as applicable) hereunder, (c) if the other party fails
to file an answer in the Litigation Proceedings or an answer in the Arbitration proceedings, then the party initiating Arbitration shall
be entitled to a default judgment consistent with the relief requested, to be entered in the Litigation Proceedings, and (d) any legal
or procedural issue arising under the Arbitration Act that requires a decision of a court of competent jurisdiction may be determined
in the Litigation Proceedings. Any award of the arbitrator (or of the Appeal Panel (defined below)) may be entered in such Litigation
Proceedings pursuant to the Arbitration Act. In the event either party successfully petitions a court to compel arbitration, the losing
party in such action shall be required to pay the prevailing partys attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with
such action.

4.6Discovery.
Pursuant to Section 118(8) of the Arbitration Act, the parties agree that discovery shall be conducted as follows:

(a) Written discovery
will only be allowed if the likely benefits of the proposed written discovery outweigh the burden or expense thereof, and the written
discovery sought is likely to reveal information that will satisfy a specific element of a claim or defense already pleaded in the Arbitration.
The party seeking written discovery shall always have the burden of showing that all of the standards and limitations set forth in these
Arbitration Provisions are satisfied. The scope of discovery in the Arbitration proceedings shall also be limited as follows:

(i)To
facts directly connected with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.

(ii)To
facts and information that cannot be obtained from another source or in another manner that is more convenient, less burdensome or less
expensive than in the manner requested.

(b) No party shall be
allowed (i) more than fifteen (15) interrogatories (including discrete subparts), (ii) more than fifteen (15) requests for admission (including
discrete subparts), (iii) more than ten (10) document requests (including discrete subparts), or (iv) more than three (3) depositions
(excluding expert depositions) for a maximum of seven (7) hours per deposition. The costs associated with depositions will be borne by
the party taking the deposition. The party defending the deposition will submit a notice to the party taking the deposition of the estimated
attorneys fees that such party expects to incur in connection with defending the deposition. If the party defending the deposition
fails to submit an estimate of attorneys fees within five (5) calendar days of its receipt of a deposition notice, then such party
shall be deemed to have waived its right to the estimated attorneys fees. The party taking the deposition must pay the party defending
the deposition the estimated attorneys fees prior to taking the deposition, unless such obligation is deemed to be waived as set
forth in the immediately preceding sentence. If the party taking the deposition believes that the estimated attorneys fees are
unreasonable, such party may submit the issue to the arbitrator for a decision. All depositions will be taken in Utah.

(c) All discovery requests
(including document production requests included in deposition notices) must be submitted in writing to the arbitrator and the other party.
The party submitting the written discovery requests must include with such discovery requests a detailed explanation of how the proposed
discovery requests satisfy the requirements of these Arbitration Provisions and the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure. The receiving party
will then be allowed, within five (5) calendar days of receiving the proposed discovery requests, to submit to the arbitrator an estimate
of the attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to such written discovery requests and a written challenge to each applicable
discovery request. After receipt of an estimate of attorneys fees and costs and/or challenge(s) to one or more discovery requests,
consistent with subparagraph (c) above, the arbitrator will within three (3) calendar days make a finding as to the likely attorneys
fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests and issue an order that (i) requires the requesting party to prepay
the attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests, and (ii) requires the responding party to respond
to the discovery requests as limited by the arbitrator within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators finding with respect
to such discovery requests. If a party entitled to submit an estimate of attorneys fees and costs and/or a challenge to discovery
requests fails to do so within such 5-day period, the arbitrator will make a finding that (A) there are no attorneys fees or costs
associated with responding to such discovery requests, and (B) the responding party must respond to such discovery requests (as may be
limited by the arbitrator) within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators finding with respect to such discovery requests.
Any party submitting any written discovery requests, including without limitation interrogatories, requests for production subpoenas to
a party or a third party, or requests for admissions, must prepay the estimated attorneys fees and costs, before the responding
party has any obligation to produce or respond to the same, unless such obligation is deemed waived as set forth above.

21 

(d) In order to allow
a written discovery request, the arbitrator must find that the discovery request satisfies the standards set forth in these Arbitration
Provisions and the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrator must strictly enforce these standards. If a discovery request does not
satisfy any of the standards set forth in these Arbitration Provisions or the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure, the arbitrator may modify
such discovery request to satisfy the applicable standards, or strike such discovery request in whole or in part.

(e) Each party may submit
expert reports (and rebuttals thereto), provided that such reports must be submitted within sixty (60) days of the Arbitration Commencement
Date. Each party will be allowed a maximum of two (2) experts. Expert reports must contain the following: (i) a complete statement of
all opinions the expert will offer at trial and the basis and reasons for them; (ii) the experts name and qualifications, including
a list of all the experts publications within the preceding ten (10) years, and a list of any other cases in which the expert has
testified at trial or in a deposition or prepared a report within the preceding ten (10) years; and (iii) the compensation to be paid
for the experts report and testimony. The parties are entitled to depose any other partys expert witness one (1) time for
no more than four (4) hours. An expert may not testify in a partys case-in-chief concerning any matter not fairly disclosed in
the expert report.

4.7Dispositive
Motions. Each party shall have the right to submit dispositive motions pursuant Rule 12 or Rule 56 of the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure
(a Dispositive Motion). The party submitting the Dispositive Motion may, but is not required to, deliver to the arbitrator
and to the other party a memorandum in support (the Memorandum in Support) of the Dispositive Motion. Within seven
(7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum in Support, the other party shall deliver to the arbitrator and to the other party a memorandum
in opposition to the Memorandum in Support (the Memorandum in Opposition). Within seven (7) calendar days of delivery
of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the party that submitted the Memorandum in Support shall deliver to the arbitrator and
to the other party a reply memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition (Reply Memorandum). If the applicable party
shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required above, or if the other party fails to deliver the Reply Memorandum as required
above, then the applicable party shall lose its right to so deliver the same, and the Dispositive Motion shall proceed regardless.

4.8Confidentiality.
All information disclosed by either party (or such partys agents) during the Arbitration process (including without limitation
information disclosed during the discovery process or any Appeal (defined below)) shall be considered confidential in nature. Each party
agrees not to disclose any confidential information received from the other party (or its agents) during the Arbitration process (including
without limitation during the discovery process or any Appeal) unless (a) prior to or after the time of disclosure such information becomes
public knowledge or part of the public domain, not as a result of any inaction or action of the receiving party or its agents, (b) such
information is required by a court order, regulatory process, subpoena or similar legal duress to be disclosed if such receiving party
has notified the other party thereof in writing and given it a reasonable opportunity to obtain a protective order from a court of competent
jurisdiction prior to disclosure, or (c) such information is disclosed to the receiving partys agents, representatives and legal
counsel on a need to know basis who each agree in writing not to disclose such information to any third party. Pursuant to Section 118(5)
of the Arbitration Act, the arbitrator is hereby authorized and directed to issue a protective order to prevent the disclosure of privileged
information and confidential information upon the written request of either party.

4.9Authorization;
Timing; Scheduling Order. Subject to all other sections of these Arbitration Provisions, the parties hereby authorize and direct the
arbitrator to take such actions and make such rulings as may be necessary to carry out the parties intent for the Arbitration proceedings
to be efficient and expeditious. Pursuant to Section 120 of the Arbitration Act, the parties hereby agree that an Arbitration Award must
be made within one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. The arbitrator is hereby authorized and
directed to hold a scheduling conference within ten (10) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date in order to establish a
scheduling order with various binding deadlines for discovery, expert testimony, and the submission of documents by the parties to enable
the arbitrator to render a decision prior to the end of such 120-day period.

4.10Relief.
The arbitrator shall have the right to award or include in the Arbitration Award (or in a preliminary ruling) any relief which the arbitrator
deems proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the arbitrator
may not award exemplary or punitive damages.

22 

4.11Fees
and Costs. As part of the Arbitration Award, the arbitrator is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party being awarded
the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines,
penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees of the Arbitration, and
(b) reimburse the prevailing party for all reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator costs and fees, deposition costs, other discovery
costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the Arbitration.

4.12Motion
to Vacate. Following the entry of the Arbitration Award, if either party desires to file a Motion to Vacate the Arbitration Award
with a court in Salt Lake County, Utah, it must do so within the earlier of: (a) thirty (30) days of entry of the Arbitration; and (b)
in response to the prevailing partys Motion of Confirm the Arbitration Award.

5.Arbitration
Appeal.

5.1Initiation
of Appeal. Following the entry of the Arbitration Award, either party (the Appellant) shall have a period of
thirty (30) calendar days in which to notify the other party (the Appellee), in writing, that the Appellant elects
to appeal (the Appeal) the Arbitration Award (such notice, an Appeal Notice) to a panel of arbitrators
as provided in Paragraph 5.2 below. The date the Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee is referred to herein as the Appeal
Date. The Appeal Notice must be delivered to the Appellee in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 4.1 above with respect
to delivery of an Arbitration Notice. In addition, together with delivery of the Appeal Notice to the Appellee, the Appellant must also
pay for (and provide proof of such payment to the Appellee together with delivery of the Appeal Notice) a bond in the amount of 110% of
the sum the Appellant owes to the Appellee as a result of the Arbitration Award the Appellant is appealing. In the event an Appellant
delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with proof of payment of the applicable bond) in compliance with the provisions of
this Paragraph 5.1, the Appeal will occur as a matter of right and, except as specifically set forth herein, will not be further conditioned.
In the event a party does not deliver an Appeal Notice (along with proof of payment of the applicable bond) to the other party within
the deadline prescribed in this Paragraph 5.1, such party shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration Award. The Arbitration Award
will be considered final until the Appeal Notice has been properly delivered and the applicable appeal bond has been posted (along with
proof of payment of the applicable bond). The parties acknowledge and agree that any Appeal shall be deemed part of the parties
agreement to arbitrate for purposes of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act.

5.2Selection
and Payment of Appeal Panel. In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with proof of payment of
the applicable bond) in compliance with the provisions of Paragraph 5.1 above, the Appeal will be heard by a three (3) person arbitration
panel (the Appeal Panel).

(a) Within ten (10)
calendar days after the Appeal Date, the Appellee shall select and submit to the Appellant the names of five (5) arbitrators that are
designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by Utah ADR Services (http://www.utahadrservices.com) (such five (5) designated
persons hereunder are referred to herein as the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators). For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed
Appeal Arbitrator must be qualified as a neutral with Utah ADR Services, and shall not be the arbitrator who rendered the
Arbitration Award being appealed (the Original Arbitrator). Within five (5) calendar days after the Appellee has
submitted to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators, the Appellant must select, by written notice to the Appellee,
three (3) of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators to act as the members of the Appeal Panel. If the Appellant fails to select three (3) of
the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators in writing within such 5-day period, then the Appellee may select such three (3) arbitrators from the
Proposed Appeal Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to the Appellant.

(b) If the Appellee
fails to submit to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the Appeal Date pursuant
to subparagraph (a) above, then the Appellant may at any time prior to the Appellee so designating the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators, identify
the names of five (5) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by Utah ADR Service (none of
whom may be the Original Arbitrator) by written notice to the Appellee. The Appellee may then, within five (5) calendar days after the
Appellant has submitted notice of its selected arbitrators to the Appellee, select, by written notice to the Appellant, three (3) of such
selected arbitrators to serve on the Appeal Panel. If the Appellee fails to select in writing within such 5-day period three (3) of the
arbitrators selected by the Appellant to serve as the members of the Appeal Panel, then the Appellant may select the three (3) members
of the Appeal Panel from the Appellants list of five (5) arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to the Appellee.

23 

(c) If a selected
Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve, then the party that selected such Proposed Appeal Arbitrator may
select one (1) of the other five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date a chosen Proposed
Appeal Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as an arbitrator. If at least three (3) of the five (5)
designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators decline or are otherwise unable to serve, then the Proposed Appeal Arbitrator selection process
shall begin again in accordance with this Paragraph 5.2; provided, however, that any Proposed Appeal Arbitrators who have already
agreed to serve shall remain on the Appeal Panel.

(d) The date that
all three (3) Proposed Appeal Arbitrators selected pursuant to this Paragraph 5.2 agree in writing (including via email) delivered to
both the Appellant and the Appellee to serve as members of the Appeal Panel hereunder is referred to herein as the Appeal Commencement
Date. No later than five (5) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellee shall designate in writing (including
via email) to the Appellant and the Appeal Panel the name of one (1) of the three (3) members of the Appeal Panel to serve as the lead
arbitrator in the Appeal proceedings. Each member of the Appeal Panel shall be deemed an arbitrator for purposes of these Arbitration
Provisions and the Arbitration Act, provided that, in conducting the Appeal, the Appeal Panel may only act or make determinations upon
the approval or vote of no less than the majority vote of its members, as announced or communicated by the lead arbitrator on the Appeal
Panel. If an arbitrator on the Appeal Panel ceases or is unable to act during the Appeal proceedings,
a replacement arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with Paragraph 5.2 above to continue the Appeal as a member of the Appeal Panel.
If Utah ADR Services ceases to exist or to provide a list of neutrals, then the arbitrators for the Appeal Panel shall be selected
under the then prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association.

(e) Subject to Paragraph
5.7 below, the cost of the Appeal Panel must be paid entirely by the Appellant.

5.3Appeal
Procedure. The Appeal will be deemed an appeal of the entire Arbitration Award. In conducting the Appeal, the Appeal Panel shall conduct
a de novo review of all Claims described or otherwise set forth in the Arbitration Notice. Subject to the foregoing and all other provisions
of this Paragraph 5, the Appeal Panel shall conduct the Appeal in a manner the Appeal Panel considers appropriate for a fair and expeditious
disposition of the Appeal, may hold one or more hearings and permit oral argument, and may review all previous evidence and discovery,
together with all briefs, pleadings and other documents filed with the Original Arbitrator (as well as any documents filed with the Appeal
Panel pursuant to Paragraph 5.4(a) below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with the Appeal, the Appeal Panel shall not permit
the parties to conduct any additional discovery or raise any new Claims to be arbitrated, shall not permit new witnesses or affidavits,
and shall not base any of its findings or determinations on the Original Arbitrators findings or the Arbitration Award.

5.4Timing.

(a)Within
seven (7) calendar days of the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellant (i) shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Appeal Panel
copies of the Appeal Notice, all discovery conducted in connection with the Arbitration, and all briefs, pleadings and other documents
filed with the Original Arbitrator (which material Appellee shall have the right to review and supplement if necessary), and (ii) may,
but is not required to, deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Memorandum in Support of the Appellants arguments concerning
or position with respect to all Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded in the Arbitration. Within seven (7)
calendar days of the Appellants delivery of the Memorandum in Support, as applicable, the Appellee shall deliver to the Appeal
Panel and to the Appellant a Memorandum in Opposition to the Memorandum in Support. Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appellees
delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the Appellant shall deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Reply Memorandum
to the Memorandum in Opposition. If the Appellant shall fail to substantially comply with the requirements of clause (i) of this subparagraph
(a), the Appellant shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration Award, and the Arbitration Award shall be final. If the Appellee shall
fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required above, or if the Appellant shall fail to deliver the Reply Memorandum as required
above, then the Appellee or the Appellant, as the case may be, shall lose its right to so deliver the same, and the Appeal shall proceed
regardless.

(b) Subject
to subparagraph (a) above, the parties hereby agree that the Appeal must be heard by the Appeal Panel within thirty (30) calendar days
of the Appeal Commencement Date, and that the Appeal Panel must render its decision within thirty (30) calendar days after the Appeal
is heard (and in no event later than sixty (60) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date).

24 

5.5Appeal
Panel Award. The Appeal Panel shall issue its decision (the Appeal Panel Award) through the lead arbitrator on
the Appeal Panel. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, the Appeal Panel Award shall (a) supersede in its entirety and
make of no further force or effect the Arbitration Award (provided that any protective orders issued by the Original Arbitrator shall
remain in full force and effect), (b) be final and binding upon the parties, with no further rights of appeal, (c) be the sole and exclusive
remedy between the parties regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded in the Arbitration, and (d)
be promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with respect to monetary awards). Any costs or fees,
including without limitation attorneys fees, incurred in connection with or incident to enforcing the Appeal Panel Award shall,
to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the party resisting such enforcement. The Appeal Panel Award shall include
Default Interest (with respect to monetary awards) both before and after the Arbitration Award. Judgment upon the Appeal Panel Award will
be entered and enforced by a state or federal court sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah.

5.6Relief.
The Appeal Panel shall have the right to award or include in the Appeal Panel Award any relief which the Appeal Panel deems proper
under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the Appeal Panel may
not award exemplary or punitive damages.

5.7Fees
and Costs. As part of the Appeal Panel Award, the Appeal Panel is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party being awarded
the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines,
penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees of the Arbitration and
the Appeal Panel, and (b) reimburse the prevailing party (the party being awarded the most amount of money by the Appeal Panel, which,
for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any
part) the reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator and Appeal Panel costs and fees, deposition costs, other discovery costs, and other
expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the Arbitration (including without limitation
in connection with the Appeal).

6.Miscellaneous.

6.1Severability.
If any part of these Arbitration Provisions is found to violate or be illegal under applicable law, then such provision shall be modified
to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision enforceable under applicable law, and the remainder of the Arbitration Provisions
shall remain unaffected and in full force and effect.

6.2Governing
Law. These Arbitration Provisions shall be governed by the laws of the State of Utah without regard to the conflict of laws principles
therein.

6.3Interpretation.
The headings of these Arbitration Provisions are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, these Arbitration Provisions.

6.4Waiver.
No waiver of any provision of these Arbitration Provisions shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by the party
granting the waiver.

6.5Time
is of the Essence. Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of these Arbitration Provisions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

25
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cloudastructure_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of March 21, 2025, is entered into by and between CLOUDASTRUCTURE, INC.,
a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and STREETERVILLE CAPITAL, LLC,a
Utah limited liability company (together with it permitted assigns, the Investor). Capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement by and between
the parties hereto, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Purchase
Agreement").

WHEREAS:

The Company has agreed, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to sell to the Investor up to Forty Million Dollars ($40,000,000.00)
of Preferred Shares and to induce the Investor to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration
rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively,
the "Securities Act"), and applicable state securities laws.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1.DEFINITIONS.

As used in this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the following meanings:

a.Certificate
of Designations means the Certificate of Designations filed by the Company with respect to the Preferred Shares.

b.Class
A Stock means shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share.

c.Conversion
Shares means shares of Class A Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares.

d."Person"
means any individual or entity including but not limited to any corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership,
an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

e."Register,"
"registered," and "registration" refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more
registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and/or pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any
successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous basis ("Rule 415"), and the declaration or ordering
of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the SEC.

f."Registrable
Securities" means all of the Conversion Shares which have been, or which may, from time to time be issued, to the Investor pursuant
to conversions of the Preferred Shares under the Certificate of Designations (without regard to any beneficial ownership limitation or
restriction on purchases therein)

g."Registration
Statement" means one or more registration statements, as supplemented by any prospectus supplement or amendment thereto, of the
Company covering only the sale of the Registrable Securities.

h.SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1 

2.REGISTRATION.

a.Registration.
The Company shall file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement within the later of twenty (20) calendar days from (i) the filing
of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K, and (ii) the Closing Date covering at least 8,000,000 shares of Registrable Securities
so as to permit the resale of such Conversion Shares by the Investor, including but not limited to under Rule 415 under the Securities
Act at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), subject to the aggregate number of authorized shares of the Companys
Class A Stock then available for issuance in its Certificate of Incorporation. The initial Registration Statement shall register only
Registrable Securities. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review
and comment upon such Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus
prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give due consideration to all reasonable comments. The Investor shall furnish
all information reasonably requested by the Company for inclusion therein. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the
Registration Statement declared effective as soon as practicable, and any amendment declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible
date. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to keep the Registration Statement effective, including but not limited to pursuant
to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act, and available for the resale by the Investor of all of the Registrable Securities covered
thereby at all times until the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor shall have sold all the Registrable Securities and the Maximum
Commitment Amount under the Purchase Agreement has been drawn down by the Company pursuant to a Registration Statement and (ii) the date
on which the Purchase Agreement is terminated (the "Registration Period"). The Registration Statement (including any
amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in
which they were made, not misleading. In the event that during the Registration Period (i) the Registration Statement or New Registration
Statement (as defined below) becomes stale after the initial effectiveness of such Registration Statement or New Registration Statement
and (ii) the Investor still has ownership of any of the Registrable Securities that the Investor cannot then sell without restriction
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, the Company shall immediately file one or more post-effective amendments to
facilitate the SECs declaration of effectiveness with respect to such Registration Statement or New Registration Statement. 

b.Rule
424 Prospectus. The Company shall, as required by applicable securities regulations, from time-to-time file with the SEC, pursuant
to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, the prospectus and prospectus supplements, if any, to be used in connection with sales
of the Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement. The Company shall file such initial prospectus covering the Investors
sale of the Registrable Securities within three (3) business days of the date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by
the SEC. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such prospectus prior to its filing
with the SEC, and the Company shall give due consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to
comment upon such prospectus within one (1) Business Day from the date the Investor receives the final pre-filing version of such prospectus.

c.Sufficient
Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under the Registration Statement is insufficient to cover
all of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend the Registration Statement or file a new Registration Statement (a New
Registration Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities (subject to the limitations set forth in Section
2(a)) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than ten (10) Business Days after the necessity therefor arises, subject to any
limits that may be imposed by the SEC pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act as well as the Exchange Cap (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement). The Company shall use it reasonable best efforts to cause such amendment and/or New Registration Statement to become effective
as soon as practicable following the filing thereof. In the event that any of the Conversion Shares are not included in the Registration
Statement, or have not been included in any New Registration Statement and the Company files any other registration statement under the
Securities Act (other than a Streeterville Registration Statement or a registration statement on Form S-4, Form S-8, or with respect to
other employee related plans or rights offerings) (Other Registration Statement) then the Company shall include in
such Other Registration Statement first all of such Conversion Shares and second any other securities the Company wishes to include in
such Other Registration Statement.

2 

d.Offering. If the staff
of the SEC (the Staff) or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed pursuant
to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that does not permit such Registration Statement to become effective and be
used for resales by the Investor under Rule 415 at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), or if after the filing of the
initial Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company is otherwise required by the Staff or the SEC to reduce
the number of Registrable Securities included in such initial Registration Statement, then the Company shall reduce the number of Registrable
Securities to be included in such initial Registration Statement until such time as the Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration
Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid. In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph,
the Company shall file one or more New Registration Statements in accordance with Section 2(c) until such time as all Registrable Securities
have been included in Registration Statements that have been declared effective and the prospectus contained therein is available for
use by the Investor, provided, however, that this obligation shall cease at the end of the Registration Period. Notwithstanding any provision
herein or in the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the Companys obligations to register Registrable Securities (and any related
conditions to the Investors obligations) shall be qualified as necessary to comport with any requirement of the SEC or the Staff
as addressed in this Section 2(d).

3.RELATED
OBLIGATIONS.

With respect to the Registration
Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be registered pursuant to Section 2 including on any New Registration Statement,
the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended
method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:

a.The
Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to any registration
statement and the prospectus used in connection with such registration statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424
promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement effective
at all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to
the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement until
such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by
the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such registration statement.

b.The
Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement and all amendments
and supplements thereto at least two (2) Business Days prior to their filing with the SEC, and not file any document in a form to which
Investor reasonably objects. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the Registration Statement or any New
Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto within two (2) Business Days from the date the Investor receives the
final version thereof. The Company shall furnish to the Investor, without charge any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC
to the Company or its representatives relating to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement.

c.Upon
request of the Investor, the Company shall furnish to the Investor, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at
least one copy of such registration statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents
incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any registration statement, a copy of the prospectus
included in such registration statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may
reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as the Investor may reasonably
request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor. For the avoidance
of doubt, any filing available to the Investor via the SECs live EDGAR system shall be deemed furnished to the Investor
hereunder.

3 

d.The
Company shall use reasonable best efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by a registration statement under
such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests, (ii)
prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and
qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions
as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv)
take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any
jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in
any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify
the Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any
jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

e.As
promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or facts, the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the happening
of any event or existence of such facts as a result of which the prospectus included in any registration statement, as then in effect,
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and promptly prepare a supplement or amendment
to such registration statement and/or take any other necessary steps (which, if in accordance with applicable SEC rules and regulations,
may consist of a document to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and to be incorporated by reference in the prospectus) to correct such untrue
statement or omission, and deliver a copy of such supplement or amendment to the Investor (or such other number of copies as the Investor
may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly notify the Investor in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a registration statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification
of such effectiveness shall be delivered to the Investor by email on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), (ii) of
any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to any registration statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii)
of the Company's reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a registration statement would be appropriate. Notwithstanding
the foregoing or anything herein to the contrary, the Company may delay the disclosure of material non-public information if, in the good
faith opinion of the Board of Directors and counsel for the Company, such disclosure is not at the time in the best interest of the Company
and not otherwise required (a Grace Period). The Company shall promptly notify the Investor in writing of the existence
of material non-public information giving rise to a Grace Period and the date on which the Grace Period will end. No Grace Period shall
exceed ten (10) consecutive Trading Days, or thirty (30) Trading Days in any three hundred sixty-five (365) day period, and the first
day of any Grace Period must be at least five (5) Trading Days after the last day of any prior Grace Period.

f.The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any registration
statement, subject to any Grace Period, or the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction
and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and
to notify the Investor of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat
of any proceeding for such purpose.

g.The
Company shall (i) cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class
or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules
of such exchange, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the Registrable Securities on the Principal Market (as defined in the
Purchase Agreement). The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section.

h.The
Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of the Registrable Securities (not bearing
any restrictive legend) either by DWAC, DRS, or in certificated form if DWAC or DRS is unavailable, to be offered pursuant to any registration
statement and enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations or amounts as the Investor may reasonably request and registered
in such names as the Investor may request.

4 

i.The
Company shall at all times provide a transfer agent and registrar with respect to its Class A Stock.

j.If
reasonably requested by the Investor, the Company shall, subject to any Grace Period, (i) immediately incorporate in a prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment such information as the Investor believes should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution
of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold,
the purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities; (ii) make all required filings
of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon as practicable upon notification of the matters to be incorporated in
such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any registration statement.

k.The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by any registration statement to be registered
with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.

l.Within
one (1) Business Day after any registration statement which includes the Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC, the Company
shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies
to the Investor) confirmation that such registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A. Thereafter, if requested by the Investor at any time, the Company shall require its counsel to deliver to the Investor a written
confirmation whether or not the effectiveness of such registration statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including, without
limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not the registration statement is current and available to the Investor for sale
of all of the Registrable Securities.

m.The
Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of Registrable Securities
pursuant to any registration statement.

n.Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the provisions in this Agreement and the Companys obligations thereunder are subject
to compliance with the Exchange Cap.

4.OBLIGATIONS
OF THE INVESTOR.

a.The
Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the information the Company reasonably requires from the Investor in connection with any
registration statement hereunder. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities
held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect the
registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably
request.

b.The
Investor agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of
any registration statement hereunder.

c.The
Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event or existence of facts of the kind described
in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant
to any registration statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until the Investor's receipt of the copies of the supplemented or
amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall
cause its transfer agent to promptly deliver shares of Class A Stock without any restrictive legend in accordance with the terms of the
Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which the Investor has entered into a contract
for sale prior to the Investor's receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(f)
or the first sentence of Section 3(e) and for which the Investor has not yet settled.

5 

5.EXPENSES
OF REGISTRATION.

All reasonable expenses, other
than sales or brokerage commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3,
including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, and fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Company, shall be paid by the Company.

6.INDEMNIFICATION.

a.To
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each Person,
if any, who controls the Investor, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of the Investor
and each Person, if any, who controls the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an "Indemnified
Person"), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, attorneys' fees, amounts
paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several, (collectively, "Claims") incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental,
administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may
be a party thereto ("Indemnified Damages"), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions
or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact in the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto
or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other "blue sky" laws of
any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered ("Blue Sky Filing"), or the omission or alleged omission
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any
amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary
to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, (iii)
any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including, without limitation,
any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to
the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement or (iv) any material violation by the Company of this Agreement (the matters
in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) being, collectively, "Violations"). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified
Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred
by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification
agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation
which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about the Investor furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified
Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any such
amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section
3(e); (ii) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such person from whom the person asserting
any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any person controlling such person)
if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as
then amended or supplemented, if such revised prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section
3(e), and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a
violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice, used it; (iii) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is
based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus
was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); and (iv) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement
of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified
Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 9.

b.The
Investor to hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of
its directors, each of its officers, employees, agents, representatives of the Company and each Person, if any, who controls the Company
within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any Claims or
Indemnified Damages to which any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such
Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by the Investor expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement, any New Registration
Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto; and, subject to Section 6(c), such Investor shall reimburse the Indemnified
Party promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred
by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this
Section 6(b) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent
of the Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of
any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investors
pursuant to Section 9.

6 

c.Promptly
after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding
(including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in
respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice
of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party
so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually
satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be; provided, however, that
an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the reasonable fees and expenses of one
counsel to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation
by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding.
The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense
of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available
to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto.
No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided,
however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without
the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise
which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the
indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties,
firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying
party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability
to defend such action.

d.The
indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

e.The
indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

7.CONTRIBUTION.

To the extent any indemnification
by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect
to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that:
(i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities
Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and
(ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller
from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

8.REPORTS
AND DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACTS.

With a view to making available
to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or regulation of the SEC that
may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration ("Rule 144"),
at all times while the Purchase Agreement is in effect the Company agrees, at the Companys sole expense, to:

a.make
and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

b.file
with the SEC in a timely manner (other than a report that is required solely pursuant to Item 1.01, 1.02, 1.04, 1.05, 2.03, 2.04, 2.05,
2.06, 4.02(a) or 5.02(e) of Form 8-K) all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the
applicable provisions of Rule 144;

7 

c.furnish
to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company that
it has complied with the reporting and or disclosure provisions of Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy of the
most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, and (iii) such other
information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration; for
the avoidance of doubt, any filing available to the Investor via the SECs live EDGAR system shall be deemed furnished to
the Investor hereunder; and

d.take
such additional action as is reasonably requested by the Investor to enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant to
Rule 144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions to the
Companys transfer agent as may be requested from time to time by the Investor and otherwise fully cooperate with Investor and Investors
broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144.

The Company agrees that damages
may be an inadequate remedy for any breach of the terms and provisions of this Section 8 and that Investor shall, whether or not it is
pursuing any remedies at law, be entitled to equitable relief in the form of a preliminary or permanent injunctions, without having to
post any bond or other security, upon any breach or threatened breach of any such terms or provisions.

9. ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

Neither party shall assign this
Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party.

10.AMENDMENT
OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

No provision of this Agreement
may be amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that is one Business Day immediately preceding the initial filing of the
Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, no provision of this Agreement may be (i) amended
other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto or (ii) waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party
against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise,
or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

11.MISCELLANEOUS.

a.A
Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable Securities.
If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities,
the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from the registered owner of such Registrable Securities.

b.Any
notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing
and shall be (a) personally served, (b) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (c)
delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by hand delivery, or email as a PDF, addressed as
set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith.
Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (i) upon hand delivery or delivery
by email at the address designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received),
or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (ii) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service or on the fifth business
day after deposited in the mail, in each case, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever
shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

Cloudastructure,
Inc.

Attn:
James McCormick

228 Hamilton
Avenue, 3rd Floor

Palo
Alto, California 94301

Email:
james@cloudastructure.com and notices@cloudastructure.com

8 

If to the Investor:

Streeterville Capital, LLC

Attn: John M. Fife

297 Auto Mall Drive #4

St. George, Utah 84770

Email: jfife@chicagoventure.com

Either party hereto may from time to time change
its address or email for notices under this Section 11.b by giving at least ten (10) days' prior written notice of such changed address
to the other party hereto.

c.The
corporate laws of the State of Utah shall govern all issues concerning this Agreement. All other questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Utah. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the State of Utah for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for
such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If any
provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision
of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

d.This
Agreement and the Purchase Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein.
This Agreement and the Purchase Agreement supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter hereof and thereof.

e.Subject
to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns
of each of the parties hereto.

f.The
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

g.This
Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and
the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by e-mail in a .pdf
format data file of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

h.Each
party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such
other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

i.The
language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules of
strict construction will be applied against any party.

j.This
Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and is not for the
benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

* * * * * *

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of day and year first above written.

COMPANY:

CLOUDASTRUCTURE, INC. 

By: /s/ James McCormick

James McCormick,
Chief Executive Officer

INVESTOR:

STREETERVILLE CAPITAL, LLC

By: /s/ John M. Fife

John M. Fife, President

10 

EXHIBIT A

TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

FORM OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS

OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

______, 2025

[Transfer Agent]

[Address]

Re: Effectiveness of Registration Statement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We are counsel to CLOUDASTRUCTURE,
INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and have represented the Company in connection with that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), entered into by and between the
Company and Streeterville Capital, LLC, a Utah limited liability company (the Investor) pursuant to which the Company
has agreed to issue to the Investor shares of the Company's Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value (the Class A Stock),
in an amount up to Forty Million Dollars ($40,000,000.00) (the Conversion Shares), in accordance with the terms of
the Purchase Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Registration
Rights Agreement (as hereinafter defined). In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Company has
registered with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission the following shares of Class A Stock:

__________ Conversion Shares to be issued
to the Investor upon purchase from the Company by the Investor from time to time in accordance with the Purchase Agreement;

Pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement, the Company also has entered into a registration rights agreement, of even date with the Purchase Agreement with the Investor
(the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company agreed, among other things, to register the Conversion
Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). In connection with the Company's obligations
under the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, on [_____], 2025, the Company filed a Registration Statement (File
No. 333-[_________]) (the Registration Statement) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
relating to the resale of the Conversion Shares.

In connection with the foregoing,
we advise you that a member of the SEC's staff has advised us by telephone that the SEC has entered an order declaring the Registration
Statement effective under the Securities Act at [_____] [A.M./P.M.] on [__________], 2025 and we have no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry
of a member of the SEC's staff, that any stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose
are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the Conversion Shares are available for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to
the Registration Statement and may be issued without any restrictive legend.

Very truly yours,

[Company Counsel]

By:____________________

cc:Streeterville Capital, LLC

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cloudastructure_ex1003.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

CONFIDENTIAL

March 21, 2025

Mr. Greg Smitherman

Chief Financial Officer

Cloudastructure, Inc.

228 Hamilton Avenue, 3rd Floor

Palo Alto, California 94301

Dear Mr. Smitherman,

This agreement (the Agreement)
constitutes the agreement between Cloudastructure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Maxim Group LLC
(Maxim), that Maxim shall serve as the exclusive lead placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best
efforts basis (a Placement), in connection with the proposed offerings of securities (the Securities)
of the Company. The terms of such Placement and the Securities shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and Maxim and, if a direct
placement, the purchasers (each, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers) and nothing herein
grants Maxim the power or authority to bind the Company or any Purchaser or creates an obligation for the Company to issue any Securities
or complete the Placement. This Agreement and the documents executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchasers in connection with
the Placement shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents. The date of the closing of the
Placement shall be referred to herein as the Closing Date. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that Maxims
obligations hereunder are on a reasonable best efforts basis only and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment
by Maxim to purchase the Securities and does not ensure the successful placement of the Securities or any portion thereof or the success
of Maxim with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the Company. Maxim may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents
or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Placement.

The sale of Securities to
any Purchaser will be evidenced by a purchase agreement (Purchase Agreement) between the Company and such Purchaser,
if required by the Purchaser, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company and Maxim. Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement,
officers of the Company with responsibility for financial affairs will be reasonably available to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, in the event that Maxim determines that any of the terms provided for hereunder shall not comply with a FINRA rule, including,
but not limited to, FINRA Rule 5110, then the Company shall agree to amend this Agreement in writing upon the request of Maxim to comply
with any such rules; provided that any such amendments shall not provide for terms that are less favorable to the Company.

1 

Cloudastructure, Inc.

March 21, 2025

Page 2

SECTION 1.Compensation and other Fees.

As compensation for the services
provided by Maxim hereunder, the Company agrees to pay to Maxim the fees set forth below with respect to the Placement:

(i) A cash fee payable immediately upon each closing of the Placement equal to seven percent (7%) of the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the Placement (the Cash Fee) on each Closing Date from the sale of Securities.

(ii) Subject to compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(D), the Company also agrees, in case of a Closing of
the Placement, to reimburse Maxim for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred, including the reasonable fees, costs
and disbursements of its legal counsel, in an amount not to exceed an aggregate of $10,000. The Company will reimburse Maxim directly
upon the Closing of the Placement from the gross proceeds raised in the Placement.

SECTION 2.RESERVED.

SECTION 3.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Company makes to Maxim all of the representations and
warranties which the Company makes to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement, and in addition makes the following
representation:

FINRA Affiliations.
There are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm among the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company,
any five percent (5%) or greater shareholder of the Company, except as set forth in the Companys public filings under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC Filings).

SECTION 4.REPRESENTATIONS OF MAXIM. Maxim represents and warrants that it is (i) a member in good
standing of FINRA, (ii) registered as a broker/dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act),
and (iii) licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the States applicable to the offers and sales of Securities by Maxim. Maxim
will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status as such. Maxim covenants that it will use its reasonable
best efforts to conduct the Transaction hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of
applicable law. Except as required by law or as contemplated by this agreement, Maxim will keep confidential all material nonpublic
information, including information regarding the Transaction contemplated hereunder, provided to it by the Company or its affiliates
or advisors and use such information only for the purposes contemplated herein.

SECTION 5.INDEMNIFICATION. The Company agrees to the indemnification and other agreements set forth
in the Indemnification Provisions (the Indemnification) attached hereto as Addendum A, the provisions of which
are incorporated herein by reference and shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

SECTION 6.ENGAGEMENT TERM. Maxims engagement hereunder shall be from the date hereof until
the Closing Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality,
indemnification, contribution and the Companys obligations to pay fees and reimburse expenses earned or due prior to the
termination of the Agreement contained herein and the Companys obligations contained in the Indemnification Provisions will
survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. Maxim agrees not to use any confidential information concerning the Company
provided to Maxim by the Company for any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement.

SECTION 7.LEAD MANAGER INFORMATION. The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by Maxim
in connection with this engagement is for the confidential use of the Company only in their evaluation of the Placement and, except
as otherwise required by law, the Company will not disclose or otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without
Maxims prior written consent.

Cloudastructure, Inc.

March 21, 2025

Page 3

SECTION 8.NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as
creating rights enforceable by any person or entity not a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the
Indemnification Provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Maxim is and shall not be construed to be a fiduciary of
the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the equity holders or the creditors of the Company or any other person by
virtue of this Agreement or the retention of Maxim hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly waived.

SECTION 9.CLOSING. The obligations of Maxim and the closing of the sale of the Securities hereunder
are subject to the accuracy, when made and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company and
its Subsidiaries contained herein, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries made in any certificates
pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and its Subsidiaries of their obligations hereunder, and to
each of the following additional terms and conditions:

(A)All
corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this Agreement,
the Securities, and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory
in all material respects to Maxim, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that they may reasonably
request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

(B)Maxim
shall have received from outside counsel to the Company such counsels written opinion, addressed to Maxim and dated as of the Closing
Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Maxim.

(C)Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) shall have sustained since the date of the latest audited financial statements of the Company
included in the SEC Filings, any loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood, terrorist act or other calamity,
whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, otherwise than as set
forth in or contemplated by the SEC Filings, and (ii) since such date there shall not have been any change in the capital stock or long-term
debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or affecting the business,
general affairs, management, financial position, stockholders equity, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its
subsidiaries, otherwise than as set forth in or contemplated by the SEC Filings, the effect of which, in any such case described in clause
(i) or (ii), is, in the judgment of Maxim, so material and adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the sale
or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.

(D)The
common stock of the Company is registered under the Exchange Act.

(E)No
action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental
agency or body which would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect
or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other
nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which would prevent the issuance
or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company.

(F)The
Company shall have prepared and filed with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Placement.

(G)The
Company shall have entered into Purchase Agreements with each of the Purchasers and such agreements shall be in full force and effect
and shall contain representations and warranties of the Company as agreed between the Company and the Purchasers.

Cloudastructure, Inc.

March 21, 2025

Page 4

(H)Prior
to the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to Maxim such further information, certificates and documents as Maxim may reasonably
request.

SECTION 10 .GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such State. This Agreement may not be
assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect to any
dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under this
Agreement may be brought into the courts of the State of New York or into the Federal Court located in New York, New York and, by
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and
unconditionally, the jurisdiction of aforesaid courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and
consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery (with
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service
shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any
way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any
provisions of a Transaction Document, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party
for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such
action or proceeding.

SECTION 11 .ENTIRE AGREEMENT/MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement (including the attached Indemnification
Provisions) embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings relating to the subject matter hereof, other than that certain engagement letter entered into between the Company and
Maxim, dated April 25, 2024. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such
determination will not affect such provision in any other respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in
full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed
by Maxim and the Company. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the closing of
the Placement and delivery and/or exercise of the Securities, as applicable. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when
counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign
the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format file,
such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed)
with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page were an original thereof.

SECTION 12 .CONFIDENTIALITY. Maxim (i) will keep the Confidential Information (as such term is defined
below) confidential and will not (except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, regulation or legal process),
without the Companys prior written consent, disclose to any person any Confidential Information, and (ii) will not use any
Confidential Information other than in connection with its evaluation of the Transaction. Maxim further agrees to disclose the
Confidential Information only to its Representatives who need to know the Confidential Information for the purpose of evaluating the
Transaction, and who are informed by Maxim of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information. The term
Confidential Information shall mean, all confidential, proprietary and non-public information (whether written,
oral or electronic communications) furnished by the Company to Maxim or its Representatives in connection with Maxims
evaluation of the Transaction. The term Confidential Information will not, however, include information which
(i) is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a disclosure by Maxim or its Representatives in violation of this
Agreement, (ii) is or becomes available to Maxim or any of its Representatives on a nonconfidential basis from a third-party, (iii)
is known to Maxim or any of its Representatives prior to disclosure by the Company or any of its Representatives, (iv) is or has
been independently developed by Maxim and/or the Representatives without use of any Confidential Information furnished to it by the
Company, or (v) is required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable legal or regulatory authority.. The term
Representatives shall mean a party's directors, board committees, officers, employees, financial advisors, attorneys
and accountants. This provision shall be in full force until the earlier of (a) the date that the Confidential Information ceases to
be confidential and (b) two years from the date hereof.

Cloudastructure, Inc.

March 21, 2025

Page 5

SECTION 13 .NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted
to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email at the facsimile number or email address specified
on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a business day, (b) the next business day after
the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email at the facsimile number or email
address on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a business day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on
any business day, (c) the business day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier
service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and
communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages hereto.

[Signature page follows]

Cloudastructure, Inc.

March 21, 2025

Page 6

We are excited about this equity offering and look forward to working
with you. Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement by signing and returning the enclosed copy of this Agreement.

Very truly yours,

Maxim
Group LLC

By:_/s/
Ritesh Veera_______________

Ritesh Veera

Co-Head of Investment
Banking

Address for notice:

300 Park Avenue

16th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Facsimile: (212) 895-3783

Accepted and Agreed to as of

the date first written above:

CLOUDASTRUCTURE, INC.

By: /s/ James McCormick___________

James McCormick

Chief Executive Officer

Address for notice:

Cloudastructure, Inc.

228 Hamilton Avenue, 3rd Floor

Palo Alto, California 94301

notices@cloudastructure.com

Cloudastructure, Inc.

March 21, 2025

Page 7

ADDENDUM 

INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS

In connection with the engagement of Maxim Group
LLC (Maxim) by Cloudastructure, Inc. (the Company) pursuant to this Agreement, the Company
hereby agrees as follows:

1. To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify Maxim and each of its affiliates, directors,
officers, employees and controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 20
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) against all losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities, as the same are incurred
(including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), relating to or arising out of its activities hereunder or pursuant to the Agreement,
except, with regard to Maxim, to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof)
are found in a final judgment (not subject to appeal) by a court of law to have resulted primarily and directly from Maxims willful
misconduct or gross negligence in performing the services described herein, as the case may be.

2. Promptly after receipt by Maxim of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding
with respect to which Maxim is entitled to indemnity hereunder, Maxim will notify the Company in writing of such claim or of the commencement
of such action or proceeding, and the Company will assume the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel reasonably
satisfactory to Maxim and will pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, Maxim will be entitled
to employ counsel separate from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such action if counsel for Maxim reasonably determines
that it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional responsibility for the same counsel to represent both the Company
and Maxim. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements of no more than one such separate counsel will be paid by the Company.
The Company will have the exclusive right to settle the claim or proceeding provided that the Company will not settle any such claim,
action or proceeding without the prior written consent of Maxim, which will not be unreasonably withheld, unless such settlement (x) includes
an unconditional release of Maxim from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (y) does not include
any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of Maxim.

3. The Company agrees to notify Maxim promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of any claim
or the commencement of any action or proceeding relating to a transaction contemplated by the Agreement.

4. If for any reason the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to Maxim or insufficient to hold Maxim harmless,
then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by Maxim, as the case may be, as a result of such losses, claims, damages
or liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand,
and Maxim on the other, but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and Maxim on the other that resulted in such losses,
claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any relevant equitable considerations. The amounts paid or payable by a party in respect of
losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees and expenses incurred in
defending any litigation, proceeding or other action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions hereof, Maxims share of the liability
hereunder shall not be in excess of the amount of fees actually received, or to be received, by Maxim under the Agreement (excluding any
amounts received as reimbursement of expenses incurred by Maxim).

7 

Cloudastructure, Inc.

March 21, 2025

Page 8

5. These Indemnification Provisions shall remain in full force and effect whether or not the transaction
contemplated by the Agreement is completed and shall survive the termination of the Agreement, and shall be in addition to any liability
that the Company might otherwise have to any indemnified party under the Agreement or otherwise.

Very truly yours,

Maxim
Group LLC

By:_/s/
Ritesh Veera_______________

Ritesh Veera

Co-Head of Investment
Banking

Address for notice:

300 Park Avenue

16th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Facsimile: (212) 895-3783

Accepted and Agreed to as of

the date first written above:

CLOUDASTRUCTURE, INC.

By: /s/ James McCormick___________

James McCormick

Chief Executive Officer

Address for notice:

Cloudastructure, Inc.

228 Hamilton Avenue, 3rd Floor

Palo Alto, California 94301

notices@cloudastructure.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cloudastructure_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Cloudastructure
Secures $4.5 Million Preferred Investment from Existing Institutional Investor to Accelerate Growth

Palo Alto, CA March 26, 2025 - Cloudastructure, Inc. (Nasdaq:
CSAI) (we, us, our, Cloudastructure or the Company), a leading
cloud video surveillance provider of next-generation AI-powered solutions, today announced that it has secured a $4.5 million investment
through the issuance of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock. The financing, which comes from an existing institutional investor, is
intended to support Cloudastructures expansion and innovation efforts.

Under the terms of the agreement, Cloudastructure has issued 4,500
shares of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock at a purchase price of $1,000 per share. The Series 2 Preferred Stock carries a 9.5% annual
preferred return and is convertible into shares of the Companys Class A common stock, subject to specified terms and conditions.
The proceeds from this investment will be used to advance Cloudastructures AI-driven security solutions, enhance market expansion,
and fund general corporate purposes.

We are pleased to announce this investment, which provides
us with additional resources to drive growth and innovation in AI-powered surveillance and security, said James McCormick, Chief
Executive Officer of Cloudastructure. We view this as a strong validation of our progress and strategic direction, demonstrating
confidence from an existing institutional investor in our ability to execute on our vision. This funding will enable us to refine and
expand our cutting-edge suite of AI-powered security solutions, which are already transforming enterprise security. Additionally, we
plan to scale our operations by expanding our sales, installation, and customer success teams to meet surging demand for our innovative
offerings. We are especially grateful to our investor for their continued confidence and support as we execute on our strategic initiatives.

Cloudastructure has been at the forefront of AI Surveillance and Remote
Guarding solutions that empower enterprise businesses by reducing crime and losses, standardizing enterprise-wide security, and enhancing
operational efficiencies. The Companys commitment to excellence has garnered significant traction across property management while
simultaneously winning more than two dozen awards for excellence in AI security, positioning it as a leader in the rapidly growing AI
solutions market.

Cloudastructures award-winning cloud-based surveillance platform
leverages artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide businesses with advanced security analytics and real-time monitoring
capabilities. The Companys solutions cater to a wide range of industries, including commercial real estate, education, healthcare,
and government institutions, enabling organizations to improve security while reducing costs.

This investment follows Cloudastructures recent direct listing
on the Nasdaq Capital Market, reflecting the Companys commitment to increasing shareholder value while executing its strategic
growth initiatives. Additional details regarding this investment are available in the Companys Form 8-K, which has been filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Maxim Group LLC acted as sole placement agent in connection with the
preferred investment.

About Cloudastructure

Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, Cloudastructures advanced,
award-winning security platform utilizes a scalable cloud-based architecture that features cloud video surveillance with proprietary
AI/ML analytics and a seamless remote guarding solution. This combination enables enterprise businesses to achieve proactive, end-to-end
security while benefiting from a cost-effective model that eliminates proprietary hardware, offers contract-free month-to-month pricing,
and includes unlimited 24/7 support. With Cloudastructure, companies can stop crime as it happens while achieving up to a 75% lower Total
Cost of Ownership than other systems.

For more information, visit https://www.cloudastructure.com/.

1 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this press release may be considered forward-looking,
such as statements containing estimates, projections and other forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are typically
identified by words and phrases such as anticipate, estimate, believe, continue,
could, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, seek,
should, will, would, expect, objective, projection,
forecast, goal, guidance, outlook, effort, target
or the negative of such words and other comparable terminology. However, the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is
not forward-looking. Any forward-looking statements expressing an expectation or belief as to future events is expressed in good faith
and believed to be reasonable at the time such forward-looking statement is made. However, these statements are not guarantees of future
events and involve risks, uncertainties and other factors beyond our control. Therefore, we caution you against relying on any of these
forward-looking statements. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed in any forward-looking statement.
Except as required by applicable law, including U.S. federal securities laws, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements
to conform them to actual results or revised expectations.

Media Contact:

Kathleen Hannon

Sr. Communications Director

Cloudastructure, Inc.

Kathleen@cloudastructure.com

(704) 574-3732

Investor Contacts:

Crescendo Communications, LLC

212-671-1020

CSAI@crescendo-ir.com

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>csai-20250321.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>csai-20250321_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>csai-20250321_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42494

Entity Registrant Name CLOUDASTRUCTURE,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001709628

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-0690564

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 228 Hamilton Road

Entity Address, City or Town Palo Alto

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94301

City Area Code (650)

Local Phone Number 644-4160

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock

Trading Symbol CSAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cloudastructure.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cloudastructure_8k.htm 
csai-20250321.xsd 
csai-20250321_lab.xml 
csai-20250321_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-001894-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>cloudastructure_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001709628 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001709628 
8-K 
2025-03-21 
CLOUDASTRUCTURE, INC. 
DE 
001-42494 
87-0690564 
228 Hamilton Road 
Palo Alto 
CA 
94301 
(650) 
644-4160 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock 
CSAI 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>