<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-027770.txt : 20250325
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-027770.hdr.sgml : 20250325
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250325160604
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-027770
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250324
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Entero Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001604191
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				464993860
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37853
		FILM NUMBER:		25768297

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 YAMATO ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 502
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-589-7020

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 YAMATO ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 502
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First Wave BioPharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210921

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AzurRx BioPharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BioPharma d'Azur, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140331
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510211d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000160419100016041912025-03-242025-03-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 24, 2025

Entero Therapeutics, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 001-37853 46-4993860

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

777 Yamato Road, Suite 502

Boca Raton, Florida 33431

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (561) 589-7020

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ENTO NasdaqCapital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive
Agreement

Rescission Agreement

As previously disclosed on the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2024, Entero Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company)
entered into and consummated transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 13, 2024 (the Merger Agreement),
by and among the Company, IMMUNO Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation(First Merger Sub), IMMUNO Merger Sub II, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (Second Merger Sub), and ImmunogenX, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Immuno Corp.).
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, First Merger Sub merged with and into Immuno Corp., pursuant to which Immuno Corp. was the surviving
corporation (the First Merger). Immediately following the First Merger, Immuno Corp. merged with and into Second Merger
Sub, pursuant to which Second Merger Sub was the surviving entity, renamed ImmunogenX, LLC (Immuno LLC) and a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company (the Second Merger and together with the First Merger, the Merger).

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon
the consummation of the Merger on March 13, 2024, upon the consummation of the Merger on March 13, 2024, (i) in exchange for the outstanding
shares of capital stock of Immuno Corp. immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger, the Company issued to each of the
individuals or entities (each a Shareholder and collectively, the Shareholders) who are the former shareholders
of Immuno Corp. an aggregate of (A) 36,830 shares (the Common Shares) of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001
per share (the Common Stock), and (B) 11,777.418 shares of Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per
share (the Preferred Shares and, together with the Common Shares, the Shares), and (ii) the Company assumed
(x) all Immuno Corp. stock options immediately outstanding prior to the First Merger, each becoming an option to purchase Common Stock
subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement (the Assumed Options) and (y) all Immuno Corp. warrants
immediately outstanding prior to the First Merger, each becoming a warrant to purchase Common Stock subject to adjustment pursuant to
the terms of the Merger Agreement (the Assumed Warrants).

Subsequent to consummating the aforementioned
transactions, the parties determined that they would unwind the transactions as set forth in the Merger Agreement and in the other agreements
entered into in connection therewith. Accordingly, on March 24, 2025, the Company entered into a Rescission Agreement (the Rescission
Agreement) by and among the Company, Immuno LLC and each of the Shareholders.

Pursuant to the terms of the Rescission Agreement,
the parties agreed to unwind the transactions as set forth in the Merger Agreement to: (i) rescind the issuances of the Shares in such
amounts as set forth in the Rescission Agreement (ii) convey to the Shareholders all of the issued and outstanding membership interests
(the Membership Interests) of Immuno LLC; (iii) cancel the Assumed Options and Assumed Warrants; and (iv) provide for such
additional agreements as are set forth under the Rescission Agreement. Also, as set forth in the Rescission Agreement, following the closing,
the Company will retain up to approximately $695,000 of Immuno LLCs accounts payable, and Immuno LLC will remain responsible for
approximately $9,278,400 of its secured debt.

The obligations of each party to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the Rescission Agreement (the Proposed Rescission) are subject to the fulfillment, at or prior
to the closing, of customary closing conditions, including, among other things: the Company having obtained shareholder approval for the
transfer of the Membership Interests to the Shareholders on or prior to June 30, 2025, the Company having received consent of its lenders,
and the Company having received a resignation letter from Mr. Jack Syage, a current director, agreeing to resign from all positions with
the Company.

The Rescission Agreement may be terminated and
the transactions contemplated thereby may be abandoned by the Company or the Shareholder Representative (as defined under the Rescission
Agreement) if the transactions contemplated thereunder shall not have been consummated by June 30, 2025, unless the Company and Shareholder
Representative shall have consented to a subsequent date.

The Rescission Agreement contains certain
mutual releases, and covenants, representations and warranties customary for an agreement of this type.

The foregoing summary of the Rescission Agreement is qualified
in its entirety by the terms under the form of Rescission Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Pursuant to the Rescission Agreement referenced
in Item 1.01 above, Mr. Syage is expected to resign from all positions with the Company upon the closing of the Proposed Recission.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 24, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing, among other events, entry into the Rescission Agreement. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

The information furnished in Item 7.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section and shall
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange
Act, unless specifically identified therein as being incorporated by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. Description

2.1* Form of Rescission Agreement effective March 24, 2025 by and among the
Company, ImmunogenX, LLC, and the Shareholders.

99.1 Press Release dated March 24, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item
601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon
request; provided, however, that Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for
any schedule so furnished.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Entero Therapeutics, Inc.

March 25, 2025 By: /s/ Richard Joel Paolone

Name: Richard Joel Paolone

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510211d1_ex2-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

RESCISSION AGREEMENT

THIS RESCISSION AGREEMENT,
dated as of March 14, 2025 is made by and among ENTERO THERAPEUTICS, INC. (formerly First Wave Biopharma, Inc.), a Delaware corporation
(the Company), ImmunogenX, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and currently a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
(Immuno LLC) and each of the individuals or entities (each a Shareholder and collectively, the Shareholders)
who are the former shareholders of ImmunogenX, Inc. (Immuno Corp.). The Company, Immuno LLC and the Shareholders are referred
to herein collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS, on March 13, 2024,
the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (Merger Agreement) by and among the Company, Immuno Corp., IMMUNO
Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (First Merger Sub) and IMMUNO Merger
Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Second Merger Sub) pursuant
to which First Merger Sub merged with and into Immuno Corp., pursuant to which Immuno Corp. was the surviving corporation (the First
Merger) and immediately following the First Merger, Immuno Corp. merged with and into Second Merger Sub, pursuant to which Second
Merger Sub became Immuno LLC, the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Second Merger and together
with the First Merger, the Merger);

WHEREAS, under the terms of
the Merger Agreement, upon the consummation of the Merger on March 13, 2024, (i) in exchange for the outstanding shares of capital stock
of Immuno Corp. immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger, the Company issued to the Shareholders an aggregate of (A)
36,830 shares (the Common Shares) of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock),
and (B) 11,777.418 shares (the Preferred Shares and, together with the Common Shares, the Shares) of Non-Voting
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series G Preferred Stock), and (ii) the Company assumed (x)
all Immuno Corp. stock options immediately outstanding prior to the First Merger, each becoming an option to purchase Common Stock subject
to adjustment pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement (the Assumed Options) and (y) all Immuno Corp. warrants immediately
outstanding prior to the First Merger, each becoming a warrant to purchase Common Stock subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms of
the Merger Agreement (the Assumed Warrants);

WHEREAS, the Parties have
amicably determined that it is in their collective best interest to: (i) rescind the issuances of the Shares in such amounts and as set
forth on Schedule A, Columns B and C annexed hereto (ii) convey to the Shareholders all of the issued and outstanding membership interests
(the Membership Interests) of Immuno LLC; (iii) cancel the Assumed Options and Assumed Warrants; and (iv) provide for such
additional agreements as are set forth herein.

1

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1.Cancellation of Shares, Assumed Options and Assumed Warrants. 

a.Each Shareholder agrees to cancel, waive, relinquish and disclaim in all respects any and all claims and/or rights to record or
beneficial ownership in and to the Shares set forth on Schedule A, Columns B and C next to each such undersigned Shareholders name.

b.Each Shareholder agrees agree to cancel, waive, relinquish and disclaim in all respects any and all claims and/or rights to record
or beneficial ownership in and to the Assumed Options and Assumed Warrants set forth on Schedule A, Columns D and E next to each such
undersigned Shareholders name, including any Common Stock into which such Assumed Options and Assumed Warrants are not or ever
have been converted or are convertible.

2.Transfer of Membership Interests of Immuno LLC. The Company agrees to cancel, waive, relinquish and disclaim in all respects
any and all claims and/or rights to record or beneficial ownership in and to the Membership Interests of Immuno LLC.

3. Closing.

a.Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the cancellation of the Shares, Assumed Options and Assumed Warrants and
the transfer of the Membership Interests shall take place at a closing (the Closing) to be held at 10 a.m., Eastern Standard
Time, no later than one business day after the last of the conditions to Closing set forth in Section 9 have been satisfied or waived
(other than conditions which, by their nature, are to be satisfied on the Closing Date), remotely by exchange of documents and signatures
(or their electronic counterparts), or at such other time or on such other date or at such other place as the Parties may mutually agree
upon in writing (the day on which the Closing takes place being the Closing Date).

b.On or prior to the Closing, all of the Shares and Assumed Warrants shall be delivered to the Company at the address indicated below
for notices, together with executed medallion waiver forms for the Shares promptly following execution of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the obligation to deliver such Shares and Assumed Warrants for Cancellation, the Secretary of Company shall record such cancellations
and shall have the full power and authority to direct the transfer agent for the Company to cancel such Shares and Assumed Warrants on
the books and records of the Company as attorney-in-fact for the holders of such Shares and Assumed Warrants cancelled hereby or as transferred
hereby. On or prior to the Closing, all of the Assumed Options shall be delivered to the Company at the address indicated below for notices.
Notwithstanding the obligation to deliver such Assumed Options for Cancellation, the Secretary of Company shall record such cancellations
and shall have the full power and authority to direct the transfer agent for the Company to cancel such Assumed Options on the books and
records of the Company as attorney-in-fact for the holders of such Assumed Options cancelled hereby or as transferred hereby

c.At the Closing, all of the Companys right, title and interest in, under and to the Membership Interests shall be delivered
to the Shareholders as set forth on Schedule A, Column F, in consideration for the cancellations provided for in Section 1, above. Notwithstanding
the obligation to deliver such Membership Interests to the Shareholders, the Secretary of Immuno LLC shall record such transfers and shall
have the full power and authority to direct the transfer agent for Immuno LLC to transfer such Membership Interests on the books and records
of Immuno LLC as attorney-in-fact for the holders of such Membership Interests.

2

4.Cooperation. After the Closing, each of the Shareholders and Immuno LLC shall continue to provide such information to the
Company as may be necessary for the Company to comply with its continuing reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act) or as otherwise reasonably requested. After the Closing, each of the Shareholders and Immuno
LLC shall provide access to its books and records on reasonable advance notice from the Companys officers, auditors and attorneys
upon request. After the Closing, each of the Shareholders and Immuno LLC shall comply with all legal, tax, regulatory and audit requests
from the Company in a timely manner at the sole expense of such Party. The Company will provide such information to Immuno LLC as may
be necessary for Immuno LLC to prepare its balance sheets and statements of operations in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, or as otherwise reasonably requested.

5. Shareholders Representation and Warranties.

a.Each Shareholder represents and warrants that it has not assigned, transferred, sold, or pledged any Shares, Assumed Options, Assumed
Warrants, Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Assumed Options or Warrants, or any claim or claims that he has, has had, or may
have, against the Company or Immuno LLC and each of the Shareholders understands and acknowledges that the Company is relying on the aforesaid
warranty and representation.

b.The Company represents and warrants that it has not assigned, transferred, sold, or pledged, any Membership Interests or any claim
or claims that he has, has had, or may have, against any Shareholder and the Company understands and acknowledges that each Shareholder
is relying on the aforesaid warranty and representation.

c.Each of the Parties has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement, including the grant of the release contained herein
and to perform their obligations hereunder.

d.The execution of this Agreement by the individual whose signature is set out at the end of this Agreement on behalf of such Party,
and except as otherwise provided herein, the delivery of this Agreement by such Party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of such Party.

e.This Agreement has been executed and delivered by such Party and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the other
Party hereto) constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with its
terms, except as may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws and equitable principles
related to or affecting creditors rights generally or the effect of general principles of equity.

3

6. Company Representations and Warranties.

a. Organization, Power, Authority and Good Standing.

Each of the Company and Immuno
LLC is duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has all requisite
corporate power and authority, and all necessary government approvals, to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry
on its business as currently conducted.

The Shareholder Representative
(as defined in Section 12(a)) has been furnished with true, correct and complete copies of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company
and the operating agreement of Immuno LLC, each as amended to date (the Organizational Documents). The Organizational Documents
so provided are in full force and effect. Neither the Company nor Immuno LLC is in violation in any respect of any of the provisions of
any of its Organizational Documents.

b. Authorization, Execution and Enforceability.

The Company has all requisite
corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its respective obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, except the approval of the Companys shareholders. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement
and the performance by the Company of its respective obligations hereunder have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite action
on the part of the Company, except the approval of the Companys shareholders, necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes,
assuming the due and valid execution and delivery thereof by the other parties hereto, a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms.

None of the execution and delivery
by the Company of this Agreement, the performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, does or will (i) violate any law applicable to the Company or Immuno LLC or result in the creation of an encumbrance
upon any of the assets or properties of Immuno LLC, or (ii) conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of, any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time, or both) a default or give rise to any right of contingent
payment, termination or acceleration or result in the creation of any encumbrance upon any of the material properties or assets of Immuno
LLC under any provision its Organizational Document, or, except as waived, any contract to which either the Company or Immuno LLC is a
party or by which either the Company or Immuno LLC or any of the material assets or properties of either may be bound.

c. Consents.

Except as specifically contemplated
by this Agreement, no consent, approval, notification or authorization of, or any exemption from or registration, declaration or filing
with, any governmental entity or any third person is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company
of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

4

d. Absence of Liabilities. Except as indicated in Schedule 6(d), Immuno LLC does not have any liabilities,
obligations or commitments as of the date hereof.

7.Releases.

a.Each Party, on behalf of itself and its respective present and former parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders,
members, successors, and assigns (collectively, the Releasors) hereby releases, waives, and forever discharges the other
Party and its respective present and former, direct and indirect, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, officers, directors, shareholders,
members, agents, representatives, permitted successors, and permitted assigns (collectively, the Releasees) of and from
any and all actions, causes of action, suits, losses, liabilities, rights, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, obligations,
costs, expenses, liens, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, trespasses, damages,
judgments, extents, executions, claims, and demands, of every kind and nature whatsoever, whether now known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen,
matured or unmatured, suspected or unsuspected, in law, admiralty, or equity (collectively, Claims), which any of such Releasors
ever had, now have, or hereafter can, shall, or may have against any of such Releasees for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause, or
thing whatsoever from the beginning of time through the date of this Agreement arising out of or relating to the Agreement, except for
any Claims relating to rights and obligations preserved by, created by or otherwise arising out of this Agreement.

b.Each Releasor understands that it may later discover Claims or facts that may be different from, or in addition to, those that
it or any other Releasor now knows or believes to exist regarding the subject matter of the release contained in this Section 7, and which,
if known at the time of signing this Agreement, may have materially affected this Agreement and such Partys decision to enter into
it and grant the release contained in this Section 6. Nevertheless, the Releasors intend to fully, finally and forever settle and release
all Claims that now exist, may exist, or previously existed, as set out in the release contained in this Section 7, whether known or unknown,
foreseen or unforeseen, or suspected or unsuspected, and the release given herein is and will remain in effect as a complete release,
notwithstanding the discovery or existence of such additional or different facts. The Releasors hereby waive any right or Claim that might
arise as a result of such different or additional Claims or facts.

c.Each of the Parties agree that they will not publicly or privately disparage or criticize the Company, Immuno LLC, the Shareholders,
or any of their partners, shareholders, members, directors, officers, agents, attorneys or employees.

8.Assumption of Liabilities.

The Company shall
have no obligation and is hereby released from any and all obligations with respect to the assets or business of Immuno LLC incurred after
the Closing Date or prior to the Closing Date, except as provided in this Section 8, unless approved in writing by the Company. Neither
Immuno LLC nor any of the Shareholders shall have any right to any of the cash, claims, assets or business of the Company not constituting
the business of Immuno LLC as of the date hereof. Neither Immuno LLC nor any of the Shareholders shall have any obligation and each is
hereby released from any and all obligations with respect to the assets or business of the Company after the Closing.

5

For the avoidance of doubt,
the Parties agree that the Company shall have no further duties, liabilities or obligations under that certain Credit Agreement by and
between Immuno Corp. and Mattress Liquidators, Inc. (the Lender), dated as of October 3, 2022 (as amended to date, the Credit
Agreement), the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Promissory Note issued by Immuno Corp. to the Lender on March 13, 2024
(the Note), the Security Agreement by and between Immuno Corp. and the Lender dated March 13, 2024 (the Security
Agreement and, together with the Credit Agreement and the Note, the Mattress Loan Documents).

For the further avoidance
of doubt, the Parties agree that the Company shall have no further duties, liabilities or obligations under those certain promissory notes
issued by Immuno Corp. to each of Mr. Syage and Peter Felker, each dated March 13, 2024 (the Shareholder Notes) and the
patent and trademark security agreement related thereto (together with the Shareholder Notes, the Shareholder Loan Documents).

For the further avoidance
of doubt, the Parties agree that the Company shall have no further duties, liabilities or obligations under the Economic Injury Disaster
Loan (EIDL) from the U.S. Small Business Administration in the principal amount of $500,000.

After the Closing, all accounts
payable set forth in Column E on Schedule 6(d) shall be retained by the Company and shall appear as liabilities on the Companys
balance sheets. After the Closing, all accounts payable set forth in Column F on Schedule 6(d) shall be retained by Immuno LLC and shall
appear as liabilities on Immuno LLCs balance sheet (or as liabilities on the balance sheets of NewCo (defined below), as applicable).
The Company shall negotiate the repayment of the accounts payable in Column E on Schedule 6(d) in accordance with its fiduciary duties,
with sole discretion over timing and payment amounts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the Company shall remain cognizant of the
relationship between the creditors and NewCo.

9.Conditions to Closing.

a.The obligations of each Party to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment,
at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions (any or all of which may be waived by the party entitled to waive that
condition to the extent permitted by applicable law):

The Company shall have obtained shareholder approval for the transfer of the Membership Interests to the
Shareholders.

No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the consummation
of the transactions contemplated herein shall have been issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction and remain in effect and there shall not be any law which has the effect of making the consummation of the contemplated
transactions illegal.

6

Each Party executes and delivers such other documents or agreements and to take such other action as may
be reasonably necessary or desirable for the implementation of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
including but not limited to a bill of sale or assignment and assumption agreement.

b.The obligations the Company and Immuno LLC to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the
fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions (any or all of which may be waived by the party entitled
to waive that condition to the extent permitted by applicable law):

The Shareholders shall have delivered a mutually satisfactory voting agreement agreeing to, including
other things, vote the Shares held by them in favor of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

The Company shall have received a resignation letter from Jack Syage, substantially in the form of Exhibit
A hereto, resigning from all positions with the Company.

The Company shall have received the consent of the Lender to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and agreement that all debts owed under the Mattress Loan Documents shall remain with Immuno LLC following the Closing
and not be debts of the Company.

The Company shall have received the consent of each of Mr. Syage and Mr. Felker to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and their agreements that all debts owed under the Shareholder Loan Documents shall remain with Immuno
LLC following the Closing and not be debts of the Company.

The Company shall have obtained approval of its shareholders as set forth in Section 9(a), and the consents,
authorizations or approvals from the parties as set forth on Exhibit B to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

The Shareholders shall have delivered duly executed medallion waiver forms to the Company.

7

The representations and warranties of each of the Shareholders contained in Section 5 shall be true and
correct in all respects as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made at and as of such date.

c.The obligations the Shareholders to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment,
at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions (any or all of which may be waived by the party entitled to waive that
condition to the extent permitted by applicable law):

The Company shall have delivered the Membership Interests to the Shareholders.

The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 6 shall be true and correct in
all respects as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made at and as of such date.

10. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby may be abandoned by the Company or the Shareholder Representative
if the transactions contemplated hereby shall not have been consummated by June 30, 2025, unless the Company and Shareholder Representative
shall have consented to a subsequent date.

11. Effect of Termination. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10, all rights and obligations of the parties shall terminate and no party shall have any liability to any other party, except for the obligations of the Company under this Section 8 and Section 14 hereof and those of the Shareholders under Section 12 of this Agreement. Except to the extent that legal fees may become a valid reimbursable item under Section 14, each party shall be responsible for its own legal fees.

12. Appointment of Shareholder Representative. 

a. Each
of the Shareholders shall be deemed to have constituted and appointed Jack A, Syage and his their successors or replacements, as determined
by the Shareholders representing the holders of a majority of the shares subject to this Agreement (the Majority Holders),
as the agent and attorney-in-fact (the Shareholder Representative) of the Shareholders to act as the Shareholder
Representative under this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Section 12. In the event of the resignation, removal,
death or incapacity of the Shareholder Representative, a successor shall thereafter be appointed by the vote or written consent of the
Majority Holders. Any Shareholder Representative may be removed by action of the Majority Holders at any time and for any reason, and
such removal shall become effective as to any such member when a copy of such instrument shall have been delivered to the Company. The
Company shall be entitled to rely, without any investigation or inquiry, upon any action or inaction by, as having been taken or not taken
upon the authority of the Shareholder Representative.

8

b. Authority.
The Shareholder Representative shall be deemed to have been duly authorized by the Shareholders or on behalf of such Shareholders (other
than entering into any settlement which includes an admission of wrongdoing, guilt or the like by, or stipulates to any injunctive or
equitable relief with respect to, any such Shareholder), to:

take all actions required by, and exercise all
rights granted to, the Shareholder Representative in this Agreement;

receive all notices or other documents given
or to be given to the Shareholders by the Company pursuant to this Agreement;

receive and accept service of legal process in
connection with any claim or other proceeding against the Shareholders arising under this Agreement;

undertake, compromise, defend and settle any
such suit or proceeding on behalf of the Shareholders as a group arising under this Agreement;

execute and deliver all agreements, certificates
and documents required or deemed appropriate by the Shareholder Representative in connection with any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement;

engage special counsel, accountants and other
advisors and incur such other expenses in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and

take such other action as such Shareholder Representative
Committee may deem appropriate, including, without limitation, all such matters as the Shareholder Representative may deem necessary or
appropriate to carry out the intents and purposes of this Agreement.

c. No
Liability. The Shareholder Representative will not be liable to any Shareholder or to the Company, for any act which such member may
take or omit hereunder, or for any mistake of fact or law, or for any error of judgment, while acting in good faith. Each Shareholder
hereby agrees, severally and not jointly, in proportion to such Shareholders share of the total number of shares subject to this
Agreement outstanding as of immediately prior to the Closing, to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Shareholder Representative from
and against any losses suffered by such member with respect to claims by any third parties arising out of or relating to the performance
of such members duties as the Shareholder Representative hereunder.

d. Reimbursement
of Expenses. The Shareholder Representative shall serve without compensation but shall receive reimbursement from, and be severally
indemnified by, the Shareholders, pro rata (in proportion to such Shareholders share of the total number of shares outstanding
as of immediately prior to the Closing, for any and all expenses, charges and liabilities, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, incurred by the Shareholder Representative in the performance or discharge of his duties pursuant to this Agreement.

13. 
Waiver of Conflicts. The Company agrees that, notwithstanding the fact that Fortis LLP (Fortis) previously
represented the predecessor in interest to Immuno LLC in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and in
other matters, Fortis shall be permitted to undertake (and the Company hereby consents to) the representation of the Shareholder Representative,
Shareholders and any of their respective heirs, executors, administrators, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively Shareholder
Parties) with regard to any dispute between any one or more of the Shareholder Parties, on the one hand, and the Company and
Immuno LLC (as the surviving entity of the merger) on the other hand, with respect to any and all matters (including, without limitation,
negotiations, arbitration or litigation) which may arise out of or in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby. In connection with any such representation by Fortis of any one or more of the Shareholder Parties, the Company and Immuno LLC
hereby waive any duty of confidentiality or attorney-client privilege which may have heretofore arisen as a result of Fortis previous
representation of the predecessor in interest of Immuno LLC.

9

14. 
Restoring Discontinued Operations. This Agreement contemplates that the Shareholder Representative Jack A. Syage shall be
authorized to organize a legal entity (NewCo) to manage the task of restoring the discontinued operations of Immuno
LLC to full operational status prior to the Closing, including the proposed engagement of former employees and contractors, the establishment
of offices, and such other investment and expense as may be necessary to restore the discontinued operations to reestablish and resume
its business as previously conducted.

In the event that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement have not closed within 120 days of the date hereof for the failure of the condition relating to the approval
of the Companys shareholders as set forth in Section 9(a) , the Company will reimburse the Shareholder Representative the for all
reasonable and documented expenses incurred and investment made prior to the date of termination in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, including the expense and investment incurred in the restoration of discontinued operations referenced
above.

The Company shall pay such
reimbursement to the Shareholder Representative by wire transfer of immediately available funds or by certified check (in accordance
with the Shareholder Representatives written instructions) within five (5) business days following the date of termination pursuant
to Section 10. 

15. Miscellaneous. 

a.Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective
successors and assigns.

b.Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the
State of New York without regard to the choice of law principles thereof. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or therewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, and hereby irrevocably waives any objection that such suit, action
or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR
ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

10

c.Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of
damages, each party to this Agreement will be entitled to specific performance hereunder. Accordingly, the Parties agree that, in addition
to any other remedies available to it at law or in equity, any party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief to enforce the terms
of this Agreement.

d.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity
or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity
or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

e.Counterparts/Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
In the event that any signature is delivered by an e-mail which contains an electronic file of an executed signature page, such signature
page shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same
force and effect as if such electronic file signature page were an original thereof.

f.Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
For the avoidance of doubt, following the Closing, Immuno LLC and/or the Shareholder Representative shall cooperate with the Lender to
file or cause to be filed all necessary UCC filings, if any, related to the transactions contemplated herein.

g.Notices. All notices, requests, demands, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally
or sent by registered or certified United States mail, return receipt requested with postage prepaid, or by telecopy or e-mail, addressed
as follows: such address as appears on the books and records of the Company with respect to the Shareholders, and in the case of the Company,
the most recent address for notices set forth from time to time as the office of the Company in the Companys SEC filings and reports.
Any party hereto may change its address upon 10 days written notice to any other party hereto.

h.Expenses. The parties hereto shall pay their own costs and expenses in connection herewith.

i.Attorneys Fees. In the event that it should become necessary for any party entitled hereunder to bring suit
against any other party to this Agreement for a breach of this Agreement, the parties hereby covenant and agree that the prevailing party
shall be entitled to recover all reasonable attorneys fees and costs of court incurred in connection with any such dispute.

11

j.Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with regard to the subject
matter hereof and thereof, superseding all prior agreements or understandings, whether written or oral, between or among the parties.
No amendment, modification or other change to this Agreement or waiver of any agreement or other obligation of the parties under this
Agreement may be made or given unless such amendment, modification or waiver is set forth in writing and is signed by all parties to this
Agreement. Any waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.

k.Headings. The headings used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or
interpreting this Agreement.

l.Construction. Words of any gender used in this Agreement shall be held and construed to include any other gender,
and words in the singular number shall be held to include the plural, and vice versa, unless the context requires otherwise.

m.Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become a binding agreement when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties hereto
and delivered to the other parties, whether in electronic transmission in .PDF format or hard copy.

n.Acknowledgement and Waiver. The Shareholders hereby acknowledge that Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP serves as counsel
to the Company. Such firm does not represent the Shareholders. The Shareholders have been advised by the foregoing counsel that
in connection with this Agreement and the matters described herein, should retain counsel of their choice with respect to this Agreement
and the matters herein, and to obtain the advice of other counsel inasmuch as important rights may be involved or affected relative to
the matters herein. No presumption against any party to this Agreement shall be asserted as a result of the drafting of or in
connection with the drafting and negotiation of this Agreement and ancillary agreements.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the
parties have executed this Agreement effective as of the day and year first above written.

ENTERO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Richard Paolone

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer

IMMUNOGENX LLC

By: 

Name: Richard Paolone

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer of sole Member

[signature pages continue]

13

SHAREHOLDERS:

14

SHAREHOLDERS:

15

Schedule A

Details of Shareholders

[See attached]

16

Schedule 6(d)

Accounts Payable

[See attached]

17

Exhibit A

Form of Resignation Letter 

[See attached]

18

Exhibit B

Consents

[See attached]

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2510211d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Entero
Therapeutics Announces Signing of Rescission Agreement with ImmunogenX, LLC.

BOCA
RATON, Fla., March 24, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Entero Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: ENTO) (Entero or the Company),
a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development of targeted, non-systemic therapies for gastrointestinal
(GI) diseases, announced today that Entero has successfully negotiated and signed a rescission agreement (the Rescission Agreement)
with 100% of the previous shareholders of ImmunogenX, LLC (IMGX) in relation to the ImmunogenX Business Combination which
was previously announced on December 18, 2023 and ultimately closed on March 14, 2024. The Rescission Agreement and its effects are subject
to certain closing conditions, including Entero receiving shareholder approval which must occur on or before June 30, 2025.

Richard
Paolone, CEO of Entero, commented, After completion of our internal review, we determined that executing the Rescission Agreement
was the best option for Entero and our shareholders. Unwinding this transaction puts Entero back in the game and ultimately strengthens
our balance sheet, refocuses our value creation strategy, and positions us for long-term success. This decision provides both Entero
and IMGX the necessary flexibility to pursue their own respective strategic initiatives while maintaining a positive working relationship.

Further,
Entero is pleased to announce effective March 3, 2025, Anna Skowron has joined Entero as our Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Skowron is
highly experienced public accountant having served as the Principal at Skowron Accounting Professional Corporation, which she founded
in 2015. With over 14 years of accounting related experience, Ms. Skowron specializes in financial reporting, compliance, corporate governance,
and business strategy. Previously Ms. Skowron served as Global Financial Controller at a multi-national North American domiciled technology
provider. She also managed consolidated reporting across North America for a global steel corporation. Ms. Skowron has played a key role
in various business acquisitions and capital raising initiatives across multiple industries. Ms. Skowron holds a Bachelor of Commerce
and Finance with specialization in Accounting and Economics from the University of Toronto and became a member of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of Ontario in 2014.

Further
details and information about the Rescission Agreement will be posted on Enteros continuous disclosure record through the EDGAR
portal.

For
more information about Entero Therapeutics, visit www.enterothera.com and connect on X
and LinkedIn.

About Entero
Therapeutics

Entero
Therapeutics, Inc., is a late clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of targeted, non-systemic therapies
for gastrointestinal (GI) diseases. The Companys programs address significant unmet needs in GI health and include: latiglutenase,
potentially first-in-class, targeted, oral biotherapeutic for celiac disease; capeserod, a selective 5-HT4 receptor partial agonist for
indications including gastroparesis; and adrulipase, a recombinant lipase enzyme designed to enable the digestion of fats and other nutrients
in cystic fibrosis and chronic pancreatitis patients with exocrine pancreatic insufficiency. For more information visit www.enterothera.com. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
press release may contain certain statements relating to future results which are forward-looking statements. It is possible that the
Companys actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition
indicated in these forward-looking statements, depending on factors including whether the transactions contemplated by the Rescission
Agreement (the Rescission) may be completed, completed with different terms, in an untimely manner, or not at all; whether
the Company and Journey will be able to receive the requisite approvals of stockholders and lenders to consummate the Rescission; whether
the Company will be able to realize the expected benefits, or any benefits, from the Rescission r; whether the Company will be able to
satisfy its outstanding obligations as they become due; whether the Company will be able to raise additional funds to satisfy its capital
needs; whether the Company will be able to realize the expected benefits of the Rescission; whether results obtained in preclinical and
nonclinical studies and clinical trials will be indicative of results obtained in future clinical trials; whether preliminary or interim
results from a clinical trial will be indicative of the final results of the trial; whether the Company will be able to maintain compliance
with applicable Nasdaq listing criteria and the effect of a delisting from Nasdaq on the market for the Companys securities; the
size of the potential markets for the Companys drug candidates and its ability to service those markets;; and the Companys
current and future capital requirements and its ability to raise additional funds to satisfy its capital needs. Additional information
concerning the Company and its business, including a discussion of factors that could materially affect the Companys financial
results are contained in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 29, 2024, as well as the Companys subsequent filings with the SEC. All forward-looking
statements included in this press release are made only as of the date of this press release, and we do not undertake any obligation
to publicly update or correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that subsequently occur or of which we
hereafter become aware.

For more
information: 

Entero Therapeutics, Inc. 

777 Yamato Road, Suite 502 

Boca Raton, FL 33431 

Phone: (561) 589-7020 

info@enterothera.com 

Investor
contact information: 

Entero Investor
Relations

investors@enterothera.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>fwbi-20250324.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fwbi-20250324_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fwbi-20250324_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm2510211d1_ex99-1img.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37853

Entity Registrant Name Entero Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001604191

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-4993860

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 777 Yamato Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 502

Entity Address, City or Town Boca Raton

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33431

City Area Code 561

Local Phone Number 589-7020

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ENTO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://firstwavebio.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fwbi-20250324.xsd 
fwbi-20250324_lab.xml 
fwbi-20250324_pre.xml 
tm2510211d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-027770-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm2510211d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001604191 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001604191 
8-K 
2025-03-24 
Entero Therapeutics, Inc. 
DE 
001-37853 
46-4993860 
777 Yamato Road 
Suite 502 
Boca Raton 
FL 
33431 
561 
589-7020 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ENTO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>