<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-009269.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-009269.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326090136
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-009269
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250326
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Satellogic Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001874315
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41247
		FILM NUMBER:		25770340

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 DELBURG STREET
		CITY:			DAVIDSON
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-206-313-4516

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 DELBURG STREET
		CITY:			DAVIDSON
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>satl20250323_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?satl20250323_8k.htm

false000187431500018743152025-03-262025-03-260001874315satl:ClassACommonStockCustomMember2025-03-262025-03-260001874315satl:WarrantsCustomMember2025-03-262025-03-26

--12-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 26, 2025

SATELLOGIC INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 

001-41247 

98-1845974

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

210 Delburg Street

Davidson, NC28036

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

(704) 894-4482

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Ruta 8 Km 17,500, Edificio 300

Oficina 324 Zonamerica

Montevideo, 91600, Uruguay

00-598-25182302

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock SATL The Nasdaq Capital Market

Warrants SATLW The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03.Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On March 26, 2025, Satellogic Inc. (the Company) changed its jurisdiction of incorporation, domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware and discontinuing as a business company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (the Domestication). In connection with the Domestication, the Company filed a Certificate of Domestication (the Certificate) and Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and the Companys bylaws (the Bylaws) came into effect upon such filing.

The foregoing descriptions of the Certificate, the Charter and the Bylaws do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Certificate, the Charter and the Bylaws, which are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.05.Amendments to the Registrants Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics

In connection with the Domestication, the Companys Board of Directors also approved and adopted a new Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all employees, officers and directors of the Company including the Companys chief executive officer, chief financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or any other persons performing similar functions.

Item 7.01.Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 26, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the consummation of the Domestication, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. The information contained in this Item 7.01, as well as Exhibit 99.1 referenced herein, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933.

Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits.

3.1 

Satellogic Inc. Certificate of Domestication

3.2 

Satellogic Inc. Certificate of Incorporation

3.3 

Satellogic Inc. Bylaws

99.1 

Satellogic Inc. Press Release, dated March 26, 2025

104 

The cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 26, 2025

SATELLOGIC INC.

By: 

/s/ Rick Dunn

Name: 

Rick Dunn

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_793454.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
ex_793454.htm

Exhibit 3.1

STATE OF DELAWARE

CERTIFICATE OF DOMESTICATION

FROM A NON-UNITED STATES ENTITY

TO A DELAWARE CORPORATION

PURSUANT TO SECTION 388 OF THE

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

1. 

The date the Non-United States Entity first formed is June 29, 2021.

2. 

The jurisdiction where the Non-United States entity first formed is the British Virgin Islands.

3. 

The name of the Non-United States Entity immediately prior to filing this Certificate is Satellogic Inc.

4. 

The name of the Corporation as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation is Satellogic Inc.

5. 

The jurisdiction that constituted the seat, siege social, or principal place of business or central administration or other equivalent thereto immediately prior to filing this Certificate is the British Virgin Islands.

6. 

The domestication of Satellogic Inc. to Satellogic Inc. has been approved in accordance with the Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of Satellogic Inc. which govern the internal affairs of Satellogic Inc.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being duly authorized to sign on behalf of the converting Non-United States entity, has executed this Certificate on the 26th day of March, 2025.

SATELLOGIC INC. 

By: 

/s/ Rick Dunn 

Name: 

Rick Dunn 

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_793455.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
ex_793455.htm

Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

SATELLOGIC INC.

ARTICLE I

The name of the corporation is Satellogic Inc. (the Corporation).

ARTICLE II

The address of the Corporations initial registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the city of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801. The name of the Corporations initial registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE III

The purpose for which the Corporation is organized is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended or any successor statute (the DGCL), and the Corporation shall have all powers necessary to engage in such acts or activities, including, but not limited to, the powers enumerated in the DGCL or any amendment thereto.

ARTICLE IV

Section 4.01. Authorized Stock. The capital stock that the Corporation has authority to issue consists of the following:

(a) 

385,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Class A Common Stock); and

(b) 

15,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Class B Common Stock, and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock).

(c) 

5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Preferred Stock).

The number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock and Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the Voting Stock (as defined below), irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. The number of authorized shares of Class B Common Stock may be decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Voting Stock, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL.

1

Section 4.02. Common Stock.

(a) Voting Rights.

(i) Each holder of Class A Common Stock, as such, shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Class A Common Stock held of record by such holder on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of Class A Common Stock, whether voting separately as a class or otherwise.

(ii) Except as set forth in Section 4.02(a)(iii), each holder of Class B Common Stock, as such, shall be entitled to 1.472467906 votes for each share of Class B Common Stock held of record by such holder on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of Class B Common Stock when voting with other classes of the Corporations capital stock (the Class B Vote Per Share), subject to automatic adjustment as follows:

(A) After giving effect to any forfeiture of the Class B Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.10 of the Merger Agreement (as defined below), each holder of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to a number of votes per share of Class B Common Stock equal to (x) 20,000,000, divided by (y) (i) 13,662,658, minus (ii) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock forfeited by Emiliano Kargieman pursuant to Section 2.10 of the Merger Agreement (provided, that, in no event shall such forfeited shares be more than 651,596 shares of Class B Common Stock), but taking into account any adjustment that may have occurred theretofore pursuant to this Section 4.02 or Section 6 of the Amended and Restated Letter Agreement (as defined below). In addition, in the event that any Earnout Shares (as defined in the Merger Agreement) are issued to Emiliano Kargieman pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Merger Agreement, the Class B Vote Per Share shall be further adjusted so that the Class B Vote Per Share is reduced in a manner that results in a Class B Vote Per Share as if a number of shares equal to such Earnout Shares had not been forfeited pursuant to Section 2.10 of the Merger Agreement.

(B) If before the occurrence of a Cessation Event (as defined below), the Liberty Warrantholder (as defined below) exercises any Liberty Warrants (as defined below), then the Class B Vote Per Share shall be automatically increased such that the number of votes represented by all Class B Common Stock is increased by the Class B Vote Ratchet (as defined below), and the Class B Vote Per Share shall be increased by (i) the Class B Vote Ratchet divided by (ii) the total number of Class B Shares then issued and outstanding. Following the occurrence of the Cessation Event, there shall be no further adjustments to the Class B Vote Per Share. By way of illustration of how the Class B Vote Per Share shall be subject to adjustment as provided for under this Section 4.02(a)(ii)(B), if the Class B Vote Per Share is 1.5, as of the Liberty Closing (as defined below), there were 12,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding, as of the applicable date there are 9,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding, and (prior to the occurrence of a Cessation Event), a Liberty Warrantholder purchases 1,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of Liberty Warrants with an exercise price of $15.00 on a trading day when the VWAP Price of a share of Class A Common Stock is $20.00, the Class B Vote Ratchet will equal (i) 1,000,000, multiplied by (ii) (A) (I) $20.00 minus (II) $15.00, divided by (B) $20.00, multiplied by (iii) (A) 9,000,000 divided by (B) 12,000,000, the number of votes represented by all shares of Class B Common Stock will be increased by 187,500, and the Class B Vote Per Share will be increased by 187,500 divided by 9,000,000 (i.e. from 1.5, to 1.5020833). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Liberty Subscriber (as defined below), the Liberty IM (as defined below), or any Relevant Affiliate (as defined below) purchases or sells shares of Class A Common Stock other than purchases in connection with the exercise of the Liberty Warrants, the Class B Vote Ratchet will not apply and there will be no change to the Class B Vote Per Share.

2

(iii) Each holder of Class B Common Stock, as such, shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Class B Common Stock held of record by such holder on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of Class B Common Stock voting as a separate class distinct from all other classes or series of the Corporations capital stock.

(iv) Except as otherwise provided by this Certificate of Incorporation (as the same may be further amended or restated from time to time, this Certificate of Incorporation) or by applicable law, and subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, holders of Common Stock shall vote together as a single class (or, if any holders of shares of any other class or series of the Corporations capital stock are entitled to vote on such matter (including, without limitation, any class or series of Preferred Stock), as a single class with such holders of capital stock) on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. No class of Common Stock shall be entitled to cumulative voting in the election of directors.

(b) Dividends. Subject to the DGCL and the rights of any then outstanding Preferred Stock, dividends may be declared and paid on the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock out of assets or funds lawfully available therefor as and when determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors). Except as otherwise provided by the DGCL or this Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of record of Common Stock shall share ratably, on a per share basis, in all dividends, whether payable in cash, stock or otherwise.

(c) Liquidation. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive all assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Class B Common Stock held of record by them, subject to any preferential rights of any then outstanding Preferred Stock. A merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any other entity, or a sale or conveyance of all or any part of the assets of the Corporation, shall not be deemed to be a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution or winding up of the Corporation for purposes of this Section 4.02(c) unless such merger, consolidation, sale or conveyance in fact results in the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.

3

(d) Rights and Options. The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to acquire from the Corporation any shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, with such rights, warrants and options to be evidenced by or in instrument(s) approved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options; provided, however, that the consideration to be received for any shares of capital stock issuable upon exercise thereof may not be less than the par value thereof. The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of capital stock, a number of shares of such class or classes necessary to effect the conversion of any such rights, warrants and options created and issued by the Corporation.

(e) Transfer of Shares

(i) Subject to the terms of this Certificate of Incorporation including, without limitation Sections 4.02(e)(iii) and 4.02(f), any holder of Common Stock may transfer all or any of his shares of Common Stock by an instrument of transfer.

(ii) The instrument of transfer of any share of Common Stock shall be in writing and shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor (and if registration as a holder of the shares of Common Stock imposes a liability to the Corporation on the transferee, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) and contain the name and address of the transferee. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a share of Common Stock until the name of the transferee is entered into the stock ledger of the Corporation.

(iii) Where the shares of Class A Common Stock concerned are listed on a recognized exchange or marketplace approved by the Board of Directors (Recognized Exchange):

(1) Section 4.02(e)(ii) shall not apply with respect to shares of Class A Common Stock; and

(2) the shares of Class A Common Stock may be transferred without the need for a written instrument of transfer if the transfer is carried out in accordance with the law, rules, procedures and other requirements applicable to shares listed on the Recognized Exchange.

(f) Transfer Restrictions; Ownership of Common Stock.

(i) A holder of shares of Class B Common Stock (Class B Holder) shall not transfer or otherwise dispose of any share of Class B Common Stock or any interest in any share of Class B Common Stock, except as permitted by this Section 4.02(f) and applicable securities laws.

4

(ii) A transfer by a Class B Holder of shares of Class B Common Stock is permitted (such a transfer, a Permitted Class B Transfer) where:

(1) the transfer is to an entity that has no members (or other equity holders) except any Class B Holders that do not hold shares of Class B Common Stock as a result of a Permitted Class B Transfer (Original Class B Holders) and/or persons acting on behalf of the Original Class B Holders;

(2) the transfer is to a wholly-owned subsidiary of an entity of the kind referred to in Section 4.02(f)(ii)(1);

(3) the transfer is to a trust for the exclusive benefit of, or that is controlled by, an Original Class B Holder; or

(4) the transfer is to an Affiliate of the Class B Holder.

(iii) A Class B Holder holding shares of Class B Common Stock as a result of a transfer by an Original Class B Holder pursuant to Section 4.02(f)(ii) may transfer all or any of such shares of Class B Common Stock back to an Original Class B Holder or another transferee of shares of Class B Common Stock permitted under Section 4.02(f)(ii) (Permitted Class B Transferees).

(iv) An Original Class B Holder may transfer shares of Class B Common Stock to any persons who are Permitted Class B Transferees in respect of such Original Class B Holder.

(v) As a condition to the registration of the transfer of beneficial or record ownership of, or any right or other interest in, any share of Class B Common Stock, the proposed transferee and the transferor of such shares shall provide an affidavit containing such information, to the extent reasonably available and legally permissible, as the Corporation may reasonably request from time to time in order to determine compliance with Section 4.02(f). The Board of Directors may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time establish (and may thereafter amend or rescind) procedures not inconsistent with the provisions of this Section 4.02 for determining whether any transfer or acquisition of shares of Class B Common Stock would violate the restrictions contained in this Section 4.02 and for the orderly application, administration and implementation of the provisions of this Section 4.02. Any such procedures shall be kept on file with the Secretary of the Corporation and with the transfer agent for the Class B Common Stock and shall be made available for inspection by any prospective transferee and, upon written request, shall be mailed to holders of shares of Class B Common Stock.

(vi) Upon a determination by the Board of Directors that anyone has attempted or may attempt to transfer or to acquire shares of Class B Common Stock in violation of this Section 4.02(f) (including, without limitation, any procedures established pursuant to Section 4.02(f)(v)), the Board of Directors may take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to such transfer or acquisition on the stock ledger of the Corporation, including without limitation, to cause the transfer agent for the Class B Common Stock to not record the purported transferee as the record holder of such shares of Class B Common Stock and to institute proceedings to enjoin or rescind any such transfer or acquisition.

5

(vii) All certificates or book entries representing shares of Class B Common Stock shall bear a legend substantially in the following form (or in such other form as the Board of Directors may determine):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS [CERTIFICATE][BOOK ENTRY] ARE SUBJECT TO THE RESTRICTIONS (INCLUDING RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER) SET FORTH IN THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE CORPORATION (A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE CORPORATION AND SHALL BE PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE TO ANY STOCKHOLDER MAKING A REQUEST THEREFOR).

(g) Surrender, Cancellation and Extinguishment of Common Stock.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Certificate of Incorporation, any holder of Class B Common Stock may surrender such shares of Common Stock to the Corporation at any time without the payment of any consideration by the Corporation for such shares.

(ii) Following the surrender to the Corporation or cancellation of any shares of Class B Common Stock the Corporation shall take all actions necessary to retire and cancel such shares of Class B Common Stock, and such shares of Class B Common Stock shall not be re-issued by the Corporation following such retirement and cancellation.

(h) Conversion of the Class B Common Stock.

(i) Each share of Class B Common Stock shall be convertible into one (1) share of Class A Common Stock at the option of the Class B Holder at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Where the share of Class B Common Stock concerned was fully paid and non-assessable, the share of Class A Common Stock into which it converted shall be fully paid and non-assessable. A written notice to the Corporation for the purpose of this Section 4.02(h)(i) may specify that the intended conversion shall take effect subject to and with effect from a transfer of the share of Class B Share concerned, in which case any conversion of such share of Class B Common Stock shall take effect concurrent with the transfer of the share of Class B Common Stock.

6

(ii) Each share of Class B Common Stock shall automatically, without any further action on the part of the Corporation, any Class B Holder or any other party (other than registration pursuant to Section 4.02(h)(iii)), convert into one (1) share of Class A Common Stock upon the earliest to occur of:

(1) January 26, 2027;

(2) where the Class B Holder transfers the share of Class B Common Stock to a person other than a Permitted Class B Transferee; and

(3) where the share of Class B Common Stock concerned is transferred to a Permitted Class B Transferee and the Permitted Class B Transferee ceases to be:

(A) an entity that has no members or other equity holders except the Original Class B Holders and/or persons acting on behalf of the Original Class B Holders;

(B) a wholly-owned subsidiary of an entity of the kind referred to in Section 4.02(h)(ii)(3)(A);

(C) a trust for the exclusive benefit of, or that is controlled by, an Original Class B Holder; or

(D) an Affiliate of an Original Class B Holder.

(iii) In the event of a conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock to shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4.02(h), such conversion shall take effect:

(1) in the event of a voluntary conversion pursuant to Section 4.02(h)(i), at the time that the conversion is registered in the stock ledger of the Corporation following written notice of the conversion having been provided to the Corporation; and

(2) in the event of an automatic conversion of all shares of Class B Common Stock pursuant to Section 4.02(h)(ii) at the time the Corporation registers the conversion in the stock ledger of the Corporation.

(iv) The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Class B Common Stock, a number of shares of Class A Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of Class B Common Stock in accordance with Section 4.02(h). If at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock is not sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, the Corporation shall take such action as may be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued Class A Common Stock to such number as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

7

(v) Other than as explicitly set forth in Section 4.02(h), no share of Common Stock shall be convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, any shares of any class or series of capital stock issued by the Corporation, whether now or hereafter authorized.

(i) Definitions. For the purposes of this Certificate of Incorporation:

(i) Affiliate means a Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, another Person.

(ii) Amended and Restated Letter Agreement means that that certain Amended and Restated Letter Agreement dated as of February 10, 2022, by and among the Corporation, Emiliano Kargieman, the Sponsor (as defined below) and the Liberty Subscriber, which amended and restated the Liberty Letter Agreement (as defined below).

(iii) a Cessation Event occurs when the Liberty Subscriber and/or its Relevant Affiliates carry out the Transfer, in the aggregate with all prior Transfers of Liberty Subscriber Shares (as defined below), Liberty Subscriber Warrant Shares (as defined below) and shares of Common Stock purchased by exercise of the Liberty Advisory Fee Warrants (as defined below) by the Liberty Subscriber, Liberty IM and their Relevant Affiliates, to any person(s) who are not Relevant Affiliates of the Liberty Subscriber or Liberty IM economic ownership of a number of Liberty Subscriber Shares, Liberty Subscriber Warrant Shares and shares of Common Stock purchased by exercise of the Liberty Advisory Fee Warrants such that the Liberty Subscriber, the Liberty IM and their Relevant Affiliates no longer hold the economic ownership in an aggregate of at least 6,666,666 shares of Class A Common Stock and the term Cessation Event shall be construed accordingly.

(iv) Class B Vote Ratchet means, for any Liberty Warrants being exercised by a Liberty Warrantholder, a product equal to (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of Liberty Warrants by such Liberty Warrantholder, multiplied by (ii) (A) the remainder of (I) the VWAP Price, minus (II) the applicable exercise price for such Liberty Warrant, divided by (B) the VWAP Price, multiplied by (iii) (A) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the relevant date, divided by (B) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Liberty Closing (adjusted for divisions of Shares, combinations of Shares and the like). For the avoidance of doubt, in the event any Liberty Warrants are exercised on a net settlement basis, the Class B Vote Ratchet with respect to such Liberty Warrants shall equal (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock being issued to the Liberty Warrantholder in respect of such exercise multiplied by (ii) (A) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the relevant date, divided by (B) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Liberty Closing (adjusted for divisions of shares of Common Stock, combinations of shares of Common Stock and the like).

8

(v) Control, including the terms Controlling, Controlled by and under common Control with, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of Voting Stock of such Person, by contract, or otherwise. A Person who is the Owner of 20% or more of the voting power of the outstanding Voting Stock of a corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity shall be presumed to have Control of such entity, in the absence of proof by a preponderance of the evidence to the contrary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a presumption of Control shall not apply where such Person holds Voting Stock, in good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing the applicable provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, as an agent, bank, broker, nominee, custodian or trustee for one or more owners who do not individually or as a group have Control of such entity.

(vi) Liberty Advisory Fee Warrants means the warrants to purchase Class A Common Stock issued to the Liberty IM as an advisory fee at the Liberty Closing pursuant to the Liberty Letter Agreement.

(vii) Liberty Closing means the date of completion of the purchase of Class A Common Stock and Liberty Warrants pursuant to the Liberty Subscription Agreement (as defined below).

(viii) Liberty IM means Liberty 77 Capital L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and the manager of the Liberty Subscriber.

(ix) Liberty Letter Agreement means the letter agreement dated as of January 18, 2022 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time) between the Corporation, the Liberty Subscriber and the other parties thereto.

(x) Liberty Subscriber means Liberty Strategic Capital (SATL) Holdings, LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company.

(xi) Liberty Subscriber Shares means the Class A Common Stock purchased on the Liberty Closing pursuant to the Liberty Subscription Agreement.

(xii) Liberty Subscription Agreement means the subscription agreement dated as of January 18, 2022 between CF Acquisition Corp. V, the Corporation and the Liberty Subscriber.

(xiii) Liberty Subscriber Warrant Shares means shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon the exercise of a Liberty Warrant.

(xiv) Liberty Warrants means the warrants to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock subscribed for by the Liberty Subscriber pursuant to the Liberty Subscription Agreement and by the Liberty IM pursuant to the Liberty Letter Agreement.

(xv) Liberty Warrantholder means the holder of a Liberty Warrant, solely to the extent the Liberty Warrant is held by the Liberty Subscriber or a Relevant Affiliate.

9

(xvi) Merger Agreement means the agreement and plan of merger dated as of July 5, 2021 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time) among Satellogic BVI, CF Acquisition Corp. V, Ganymede Merger Sub 1 Inc., Ganymede Merger Sub 2 Inc., and Nettar Group Inc.

(xvii) Owner, including the terms Own and Owned, when used with respect to any Stock, means a Person that individually or with or through any of its Affiliates or Associates:

(1) beneficially owns such Stock, directly or indirectly; or

(2) has (A) the right to acquire such Stock (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise: provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Owner of Stock tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates until such tendered Stock is accepted for purchase or exchange; or (B) the right to vote such Stock pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Owner of any Stock because of such Persons right to vote such Stock if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such Stock arises from a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made to 10 or more Persons; or

(3) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent as described in Section 4.02(i)(xvii)(2) above), or disposing of such Stock with any other Person that beneficially owns, or whose Affiliates or Associates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, such stock.

(xviii) Person means any individual, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association, organization, governmental entity or other entity.

(xix) Relevant Affiliate means, with respect to any specified person, any other person or group of persons acting together that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such specified person (where the term control (and any correlative terms) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in relation to the Liberty Subscriber only entities that are managed by the Liberty IM or an Affiliate of the Liberty IM shall be regarded as being Relevant Affiliates of the Liberty Subscriber.

10

(xx) Sponsor means CFAC Holdings V, LLC.

(xxi) Transfer means:

(1) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), with respect to any relevant securities

(2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any relevant securities and/or

(3) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in (A) or (B) of this definition.

(xxii) VWAP Price means, as of any trading day during which a Warrant is exercised by Liberty Warrantholder, the volume weighted average price of a Class A Share over the course of the 30-day period ending on the trading day immediately prior to such trading day.

(xxiii) Voting Stock means the capital stock of the Corporation of any class or series entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. Every reference to a percentage of Voting Stock shall refer to such percentage of the votes of such Voting Stock.

Section 4.03. Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by applicable law, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more classes or series, and by filing a certificate pursuant to the DGCL (such certificate being hereinafter referred to as a Preferred Stock Designation), to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such class or series and to fix the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including, without limitation, dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, exchange rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking and purchase fund provisions), the redemption price or prices, restrictions on the issuance of shares of such class or series, the dissolution preferences and the rights in respect to any distribution of assets of any wholly unissued class or series of Preferred Stock, and the designation thereof, or any of them and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any class or series so created (except where otherwise provided in the Preferred Stock Designation), subsequent to the issue of that class or series but not below the number of shares of such class or series then outstanding. In case the number of shares of any class or series of Preferred Stock shall be so decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the undesignated status which they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such class or series. There shall be no limitation or restriction on any variation between any of the different classes or series of Preferred Stock as to the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof; and the several classes or series of Preferred Stock may vary in any and all respects as fixed and determined by the resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors or by a committee of the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of the various classes or series of Preferred Stock.

11

ARTICLE V

Section 5.01. Election of Director by Written Ballot. Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless provided otherwise in the Corporations bylaws (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Bylaws).

Section 5.02. Number of Directors. The initial number of directors shall be eight. Subject to any rights of the holders of shares of any class or series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors, the exact number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 5.03. Staggered Board

(a) Subject to the special rights of the holders of any class or series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, the Board of Directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I; Class II; and Class III. The initial classes of directors shall be as follows:

Name 

Class

Ted Wang 

I

Steven T. Mnuchin 

I

Joseph Dunford 

I

Miguel Gutirrez 

II

Tom Killalea 

II

Kelly Kennedy 

III

Emiliano Kargieman 

III

Marcos Galperin 

III

The allocation of directors among the three classes (other than the allocation of each director already in office as of the effectiveness of this Certificate of Incorporation and each director elected or appointed as the result of any increase or decrease in the number of directors on the Board of Directors) shall be as nearly equal as possible. The initial Class I Directors shall serve for a term expiring at the first annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation following the initial date of this Certificate of Incorporation; the initial Class II Directors shall serve for a term expiring at the second annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held following the initial date of this Certificate of Incorporation; and the initial Class III Directors shall serve for a term expiring at the third annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held following the initial date of this Certificate of Incorporation. Each director in each class shall hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. At each annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation beginning with the first annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held following the initial date of this Certificate of Incorporation, the directors (or successors thereof) of the class whose term expires at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to be held in the third year following the year of their election, with each director in each such class to hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal.

12

(b) Any director elected by a separate voting class consisting solely of the holders of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock shall be allocated among the three classes as determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 5.04. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships. To the extent in effect, any vacancy or newly-created directorship shall be filled exclusively by vote of a majority of the directors then in office. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. A director selected to fill a vacancy shall continue to hold office for the unexpired term of his or her predecessor in office. A director selected to fill a position resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held for the election of directors of the Corporation for the class for which such director shall have been selected, subject to the election and qualification of his or her successor and to his or her earlier death, resignation or removal.

Section 5.05. Removal. Directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding Voting Stock, voting together as a single class.

ARTICLE VI

Section 6.01. Action by Written Consent. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, no action which is required to be taken or which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation may be taken by written consent without a meeting, except where such consent is signed by all holders of such class or series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, as applicable, entitled to vote thereon.

Section 6.02. Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting shall be held at such date, time and place, if any, as shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors in its sole and absolute discretion.

Section 6.03. Special Meetings of Stockholders. Subject to any special rights of the holders of any class or series of Preferred Stock and to the requirements of applicable law, special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of the majority of the total number of directors then in office, or (ii) by the chairperson of the Board of Directors, and the chairperson of the Board of Directors shall call a special meeting of stockholders whenever requested in writing to do so by stockholders representing at least 30% of the voting power of the outstanding Voting Stock, voting together as a single class. Any business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting.

13

ARTICLE VII

To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may hereafter be amended, a director or officer of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty owed to the Corporation or its stockholders, provided that nothing contained in this Article VII shall eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer (a) for any breach of the directors or officers duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (b) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (c) for directors, under Section 174 of the DGCL or, (d) for any transaction from which the director or officer derived an improper personal benefit or (e) for officers, in any action by or in the right of the Corporation. For purposes of this Article VII, officer shall have the meaning provided in Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended from time to time.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) directors, officers and agents of the Corporation (and any other persons to which applicable law permits the Corporation to provide indemnification and advancement of expenses) through provisions of the Bylaws, agreements with such persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. Any repeal or modification of this provision shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification.

Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, nor, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, any modification of law shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any right or protection of a current or former director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, adoption or modification.

ARTICLE VIII

Section 8.01. Opt Out of DGCL 203. The Corporation shall not be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL.

Section 8.02. Limitations on Business Combinations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall not engage in any Business Combination (as defined below), at any point in time at which the Class A Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, with any Interested Stockholder (as defined below) for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an Interested Stockholder, unless:

(a) prior to such time, the Board of Directors approved either the Business Combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an Interested Stockholder;

(b) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an Interested Stockholder, the Interested Stockholder Owned at least 85% of the Voting Stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the Voting Stock outstanding (but not the outstanding Voting Stock Owned by the Interested Stockholder) those shares Owned by (i) Persons who are directors and also officers of the Corporation and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or

14

(c) at or subsequent to that time, the Business Combination is approved (i) by the Board of Directors and (i) by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Voting Stock that is not Owned by the Interested Stockholder at an annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation.

Section 8.03. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Article VIII, the following terms shall have the meanings assigned below:

(a) Associate, when used to indicate a relationship with any Person, means: (i) any corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity of which such Person is a director, officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the Owner of 20% or more of any class of Voting Stock; (ii) any trust or other estate in which such Person has at least a 20% beneficial interest or as to which such Person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (iii) any relative or spouse of such Person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same residence as such Person.

(b) Business Combination means:

(i) any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation (1) with the Interested Stockholder, or (2) with any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the Interested Stockholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation Section 8.02 is not applicable to the surviving entity;

(ii) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions), except proportionately as a stockholder of the Corporation, to or with the Interested Stockholder, whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of the Corporation or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation, which assets have an aggregate market value equal to 10% or more of either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the Corporation determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding Stock of the Corporation;

(iii) any transaction which results in the issuance or transfer by the Corporation or by any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation of any Stock of the Corporation or of such subsidiary to the Interested Stockholder, except: (1) pursuant to the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for, exchangeable for or convertible into Stock of the Corporation or any such subsidiary which securities were outstanding prior to the time that the Interested Stockholder became such; (2) pursuant to a merger under Section 251(g) or Section 253 of the DGCL; (3) pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or made, or the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for, exchangeable for or convertible into Stock of the Corporation or any such subsidiary which security is distributed, pro rata to all stockholders of a class or series of Stock of the Corporation subsequent to the time the Interested Stockholder became such; (4) pursuant to an exchange offer by the Corporation to purchase Stock made on the same terms to all stockholders of said stock; or (5) any issuance or transfer of stock by the Corporation; provided that in no case under clauses (3) through (5) above shall there be an increase in the Interested Stockholders proportionate share of the Stock of any class or series of the Corporation or of the Voting Stock of the Corporation (except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments);

15

(iv) any transaction involving the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the Stock of any class or series, or securities convertible into the Stock of any class or series, of the Corporation or of any such subsidiary which is Owned by the Interested Stockholder, except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments or as a result of any purchase or redemption of any shares of Stock not caused, directly or indirectly, by the Interested Stockholder; or

(v) any receipt by the Interested Stockholder of the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately as a stockholder of the Corporation), of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial benefits (other than those expressly permitted in subsections (i) through (iv) above) provided by or through the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary.

(c) Interested Stockholder means any Person (other than the Corporation and its subsidiaries) that (i) is the Owner of 15% or more of the Voting Stock of the Corporation, or (ii) is an Affiliate or Associate of the Corporation and was the Owner of 15% or more of the Voting Stock of the Corporation at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to the date on which it is sought to be determined whether such Person is an Interested Stockholder; and the Affiliates and Associates of such Person; but Interested Stockholder shall not include any Person whose ownership of shares in excess of the 15% limitation set forth herein is the result of any action taken solely by the Corporation; provided that such Person shall be an Interested Stockholder if thereafter such Person acquires additional shares of Voting Stock of the Corporation, except as a result of further corporate action not caused, directly or indirectly, by such Person. For the purpose of determining whether a Person is an Interested Stockholder, the Voting Stock of the Corporation deemed to be outstanding shall include Stock deemed to be Owned by the Person through application of the definition of owner above but shall not include any other unissued Stock of the Corporation which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of conversion or exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 8.03(c) to the contrary, none of the following Persons shall be considered an Interested Stockholder for purposes of this Article VIII: (x) Liberty Subscriber, Cantor Fitzgerald L.P. or Emiliano Kargieman, or any of their respective Affiliates or Associates, or (y) any Person who would otherwise be an Interested Stockholder either in connection with or because of a transfer, sale, assignment, conveyance, hypothecation, encumbrance, or other disposition of 5% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation (in one transaction or a series of transactions) by the persons named in the foregoing clause (x) to such Person; provided, however, that such Person was not an Interested Stockholder prior to such transfer, sale, assignment, conveyance, hypothecation, encumbrance, or other disposition. For purposes of this Section 8.03(c), the term owner shall not include the criteria set forth in Section 4.02(i)(xvii)(2)(B) or Section 4.02(i)(xvii)(3).

16

(d) Stock means, with respect to any corporation, capital stock and, with respect to any other entity, any equity interest.

ARTICLE IX

Section 9.01. Corporate Opportunity. 

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, (a) the Corporation hereby renounces all interest and expectancy that it otherwise would be entitled to have in, and all rights to be offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunity that from time to time may be presented to (i) any director, (ii) any stockholder, officer or agent of the Corporation, or (iii) any Affiliate of any person or entity identified in the preceding clause (i) or (ii); (b) no stockholder and no director, in each case, that is not an employee of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, will have any duty to refrain from (i) engaging in a corporate opportunity in the same or similar lines of business in which the Corporation or its subsidiaries from time to time is engaged or proposes to engage or (ii) otherwise competing, directly or indirectly, with the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries; and (c) if any stockholder or any director, in each case, that is not an employee of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity both for such stockholder or such director or any of their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and for the Corporation or its subsidiaries, on the other hand, such stockholder or director shall have no duty to communicate or offer such transaction or business opportunity to the Corporation or its subsidiaries and such stockholder or director may take any and all such transactions or opportunities for itself or offer such transactions or opportunities to any other person or entity. The preceding sentence of this Article IX shall not apply to any potential transaction or business opportunity that is expressly offered to a director or employee of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, solely in his or her capacity as a director or employee of the Corporation or its subsidiaries.

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, no potential transaction or business opportunity may be deemed to be a corporate opportunity of the Corporation or its subsidiaries unless (a) the Corporation or its subsidiaries would be permitted to undertake such transaction or opportunity in accordance with this Certificate of Incorporation, (b) the Corporation or its subsidiaries at such time have sufficient financial resources and are legally able to undertake such transaction or opportunity, (c) the Corporation or its subsidiaries have an interest or expectancy in such transaction or opportunity, and (d) such transaction or opportunity would be in the same or similar line of business in which the Corporation or its subsidiaries are then engaged or a line of business that is reasonably related to, or a reasonable extension of, such line of business.

17

Section 9.02. Liability. No stockholder and no director will be liable to the Corporation or its subsidiaries or stockholders for breach of any duty (contractual or otherwise) solely by reason of any activities or omissions of the types referred to in this Article IX, except to the extent such actions or omissions are in breach of this Article IX.

ARTICLE X

Section 10.01. Exclusive Jurisdiction. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction another state or federal court (as appropriate) located within the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, creditors or other constituents, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director or officer of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws (as either may be amended and/or restated from time to time) or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities laws of the United States of America. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article X.

ARTICLE XI

The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws.

ARTICLE XII

Section 12.01. Amendments. The Corporation reserves the right to alter, amend, repeal or adopt any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by the DGCL, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, (a) subject to Section 12.01(b) regardless whether a lesser percentage may be permitted from time to time by applicable law, no provision of Section 5.02, Section 5.03, Section 5.04, Section 5.05, Section 6.01, Section 6.03, Article VII, Article VIII, Article IX, Article X, Article XI and this Article XII may be altered, amended or repealed in any respect, nor may any provision inconsistent therewith (including any provision in the Bylaws) be adopted, unless, in addition to any other vote required by this Certificate of Incorporation or otherwise required by law, approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the outstanding Voting Stock, voting together as a single class, (b) notwithstanding anything in this Section 12.01 to the contrary and subject to applicable law, any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation may be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding Voting Stock, voting together as a single class, in order to incorporate requisite provisions and conditions under a proxy agreement, voting agreement or similar arrangement with certain U.S. government agencies, including the U.S. Department of Defense, that the Board of Directors determines, in its sole discretion, is necessary in order for the Corporation to pursue commercial arrangements with such agency or agencies, (c) subject to Section 12.01(b), so long as any shares of Class A Common Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation may not amend, alter or repeal any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, or adopt one or more additional provisions whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, in a manner which would materially and adversely affect any right, preference or privilege of the Class A Common Stock in a manner different than other holders of Common Stock without the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of Class A Common Stock, voting as a separate class distinct from all other classes and series of the Corporations capital stock, and (d) subject to Section 12.01(b), so long as any shares of Class B Common Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation may not amend, alter or repeal any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, or adopt one or more additional provisions whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, in a manner which would materially and adversely affect any right, preference or privilege of the Class B Common Stock in a manner different than other holders of Common Stock without the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of Class B Common Stock, voting as a separate class distinct from all other classes and series of the Corporations capital stock.

18

Section 12.02. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the provisions of this of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in respect of their good faith service to or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law.

ARTICLE XIII

The incorporator of the Corporation is Rick Dunn, whose mailing address is 210 Delburg Street, Davidson, NC 28036.

ARTICLE XIV

The powers of the incorporator are to terminate upon the filing of this Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The name of the persons who are to serve as the initial directors of the Corporation until the expiration of such directors initial term as set forth in this Certificate of Incorporation, or until his or her successor is duly elected, are set forth in Section 5.03 of this Certificate of Incorporation. The mailing address of each such director is c/o Satellogic Inc, 210 Delburg Street, Davidson, NC 28036.

19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate of Incorporation as of March 26, 2025.

By: 

/s/ Rick Dunn 

Rick Dunn 

Sole Incorporator
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_793456.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.3
<TEXT>
ex_793456.htm

Exhibit 3.3

BYLAWS

OF

SATELLOGIC INC.

ARTICLE 1 - OFFICES

Section 1.1. Registered Office. The registered office of Satellogic Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), shall be located within the State of Delaware at the address of the Corporations registered agent. The location of the registered office will initially be in the County of New Castle, State of Delaware. The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) may change the registered agent and the address of the registered office from time to time, upon filing the appropriate statement with the Secretary of State of Delaware.

Section 1.2. Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, either within or outside of the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or as the business of the Corporation may require.

ARTICLE 2 - STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.1. Annual Meeting. An annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation (an Annual Meeting) for the election of directors to succeed those whose term expire and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting shall be held at the place, if any, within or outside of the State of Delaware, on the date and at the time that the Board of Directors shall fix each year. Unless stated otherwise in the notice of the Annual Meeting, such Annual Meeting shall be at the principal office of the Corporation.

Section 2.2. Advance Notice of Nominations and Proposals of Business.

(a) Business at Annual Meetings of Stockholders.

(i) Only such business (other than nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors, which must be made in compliance with and are governed exclusively by Section 2.2(b) of these Bylaws (as the same may be further amended from time to time, the Bylaws)) shall be conducted at an Annual Meeting as shall have been brought before the meeting (A) as specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (B) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (C) otherwise properly brought before the Annual Meeting by any stockholder of the Corporation who (i) is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of notice by such stockholder as required by this Section 2.2 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such Annual Meeting and (ii) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.2(a). For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause (C) of this Section 2.2(a)(i) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to propose such business (other than business included in the Corporations proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor rule) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) before an Annual Meeting.

(ii) For business (other than nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors, which must be made in compliance with and are governed exclusively by Section 2.2(b) of these Bylaws) to be properly brought before an Annual Meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form as described in Section 2.2(a)(iii) to the Secretary of the Corporation and such business must otherwise be appropriate for stockholder action under the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). To be timely, a stockholders notice to the Secretary of the Corporation for such business must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation in proper written form not less than ninety (90) days and not more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately preceding Annual Meeting; provided, however, that if the Annual Meeting is not scheduled to be held within a period that commences thirty (30) days before such anniversary date and ends seventy (70) days after such anniversary date, or if no Annual Meeting was held in the preceding year, such stockholders notice must be delivered not earlier than one hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the Annual Meeting and not later than the later of (A) the tenth day following the day of the Public Announcement (as defined in Section 2.2(f) below) of the date of the Annual Meeting or (B) the date which is ninety (90) days prior to the date of the Annual Meeting. In no event shall any adjournment, deferral or postponement of an Annual Meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. Notices delivered pursuant to this Section 2.2(a) will be deemed received on any given day if actually received by the Corporation prior to the close of business on such day.

(iii) To be in proper written form, a stockholders notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth as to each matter of business the stockholder proposes to bring before the Annual Meeting (A) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the Annual Meeting (including the specific text of any resolutions or actions proposed for consideration and if such business includes a proposal to amend the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Certificate of Incorporation) or these Bylaws, the specific language of the proposed amendment) and the reasons for conducting such business at the Annual Meeting, (B) the name and address of the stockholder proposing such business, as they appear on the Corporations books, the current name and address (if different from the Corporations books) of such proposing stockholder, and the name and address of any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined in Section 2.2(f) below) covered by clauses (C), (D), (F) and (G) below, (C) the class and number of shares of stock of the Corporation which are directly or indirectly held of record or beneficially owned by such stockholder or by any Stockholder Associated Person, a description of any Derivative Positions (as defined in Section 2.2(f) below) directly or indirectly held or beneficially owned by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, and whether and the extent to which a Hedging Transaction (as defined in Section 2.2(f) below) has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, (D) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person and any other person or entity (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and any material interest of such stockholder, any Stockholder Associated Person or such other person or entity in such business, (E) a representation that such stockholder is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving the notice, will be a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting to bring such business before the meeting, (F) any other information related to such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies or consents (even if a solicitation is not involved) by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and (G) a representation as to whether such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of group that intends to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations outstanding shares required to approve the proposal or otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of the proposal. In addition, any stockholder who submits a notice pursuant to this Section 2.2(a) is required to update and supplement the information disclosed in such notice, if necessary, in accordance with Section 2.2(d), and failure to so update or supplement such information shall render such stockholder notice improper.

2

(iv) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business (other than nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors, which must be made in compliance with and are governed exclusively by Section 2.2(b) of these Bylaws) shall be conducted at an Annual Meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.2(a). At an Annual Meeting, the chairman of the meeting shall determine, if the facts warrant, that business was not properly brought before the meeting and in accordance with the provisions prescribed by these Bylaws, and if the chairman should so determine, the chairman shall so declare to the meeting, and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted.

(b) Nominations at Annual Meetings of Stockholders.

(i) Only persons who are nominated in accordance and compliance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.2(b) of these Bylaws shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation at an Annual Meeting.

(ii) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation may be made at an Annual Meeting only (A) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (B) in accordance with the rights of holders of any class or series of outstanding preferred stock issued by the Corporation and (C) by any stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of notice as required by this Section 2.2(b) and on the record date for the determination of such stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting and (ii) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.2(b)(ii). For the avoidance of doubt, Section 2.2(b) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors at an Annual Meeting. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder at an Annual Meeting, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form as described in Section 2.2(b)(iii) to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholders notice for the nomination of persons for election to the Board of Directors must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation in proper written form not less than ninety (90) days and not more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately preceding Annual Meeting; provided, however, that if the Annual Meeting is not scheduled to be held within a period that commences thirty (30) days before such anniversary date and ends seventy (70) days after such anniversary date, or if no Annual Meeting was held in the preceding year, such stockholders notice must be delivered not earlier than one hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the Annual Meeting and not later than the later of (C) the tenth day following the day of the Public Announcement of the date of the Annual Meeting or (D) the date which is ninety (90) days prior to the date of the Annual Meeting. In no event shall any adjournment, deferral or postponement of an Annual Meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. Notices delivered pursuant to this Section 2.2(b) will be deemed received on any given day if actually received by the Corporation prior to the close of business on such day.

3

(iii) To be in proper written form, a stockholders notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth (A) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation, (1) the name, age, business address and current residential address of the person, (2) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (3) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are directly or indirectly owned beneficially or of record by the person, (4) the date such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition and (5) any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies or consents for a contested election of directors (even if an election contest or proxy solicitation is not involved), or is otherwise required, pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee, if applicable, and to serving if elected); and (B) as to the stockholder giving the notice (1) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporations books, the current name and address (if different from the Corporations books) of such proposing stockholder, and the name and address of any Stockholder Associated Person covered by clauses (2), (3), (5) and (6) below, (2) the class and number of shares of stock of the Corporation which are directly or indirectly held of record or beneficially owned by such stockholder or by any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to the Corporations securities, a description of any Derivative Positions directly or indirectly held or beneficially owned by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, and whether and the extent to which a Hedging Transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, (3) a description of all arrangements or understandings (including financial transactions and direct or indirect compensation) between such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person and each proposed nominee and any other person or entity (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made by such stockholder, (4) a representation that such stockholder is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving the notice, will be a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice, (5) any other information relating to such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies or consents for a contested election of directors (even if an election contest or proxy solicitation is not involved), or otherwise required, pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and (6) a representation as to whether such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of group that intends to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to the holders of a sufficient number of the Corporations outstanding shares to elect each proposed nominee or otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of the nomination. In addition, any stockholder who submits a notice pursuant to this Section 2.2(b) is required to update and supplement the information disclosed in such notice, if necessary, in accordance with Section 2.2(d), and failure to so update or supplement such information shall render such stockholder notice improper. Unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder (1) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act and (2) subsequently (A) notifies the Corporation that the stockholder no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporations director nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19, or (B) fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19, then such stockholders nominations shall be deemed null and void and the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for any nominee proposed by such stockholder. At an Annual Meeting, the chairman of the meeting shall determine, if the facts warrant, that a nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these Bylaws, and if the chairman should so determine, the chairman shall so declare to the meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.

4

(iv) Notwithstanding anything in the fourth sentence of Section 2.2(b)(ii) of these Bylaws to the contrary, if the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no Public Announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Corporation at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding Annual Meeting, a stockholders notice required by Section 2.2(b)(ii) of these Bylaws shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than the tenth day following the day on which such Public Announcement is first made by the Corporation.

(c) Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation (a Special Meeting) as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting. Subject to Section 2.2(e) of these Bylaws, only persons who are nominated in accordance and compliance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.2(c) shall be eligible for election to the Board of Directors at a Special Meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a Special Meeting at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting only (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) provided that the Board of Directors has determined that directors are to be elected at such Special Meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who (A) was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 2.2(c) and at the time of the Special Meeting and on the record date for the determination of such stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (C) complies with the notice procedures provided for in this Section 2.2(c). For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause (ii) of this Section 2.2(c) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to propose nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors at a Special Meeting. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder at a Special Meeting, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholders notice to the Secretary of the Corporation must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than one hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the Special Meeting and not later than the later of (1) the tenth day following the day of the Public Announcement of the date of the Special Meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting or (2) the date which is ninety (90) days prior to the date of the Special Meeting. In no event shall any adjournment, deferral or postponement of a Special Meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. Notices delivered pursuant to this Section 2.2(c) will be deemed received on any given day if actually received by the Corporation prior to the close of business on such day. To be in proper written form, such stockholders notice shall set forth all of the information required by, and otherwise be in compliance with, Section 2.2(b)(iii) of these Bylaws. In addition, any stockholder who submits a notice pursuant to this Section 2.2(c) is required to update and supplement the information disclosed in such notice, if necessary, in accordance with Section 2.2(d) below, and failure to so update or supplement such information shall render such stockholder notice improper. Unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder (1) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act and (2) subsequently (A) notifies the Corporation that the stockholder no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporations director nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19, or (B) fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19, then such stockholders nominations shall be deemed null and void and the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for any nominee proposed by such stockholder. At a Special Meeting, the chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a proposal or nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these Bylaws, and if the chairman should so determine, the chairman shall so declare to the meeting, and the defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded.

5

(d) Update and Supplement of Stockholders Notice. Any stockholder who submits a notice of proposal for business or nomination for election pursuant to this Section 2.2 is required to update and supplement the information disclosed in such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting of stockholders and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to such meeting of the stockholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Such update and supplement must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting of stockholders (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting of stockholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting of stockholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof). Updates and supplements delivered pursuant to this Section 2.2(d) will be deemed received on any given day if actually received by the Corporation prior to the close of business on such day.

(e) Requirements of Exchange Act. In addition to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.2, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in these Bylaws; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements of these Bylaws applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to these Bylaws regardless of the stockholders intent to utilize Rule 14a-8 (or any successor rule) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Section 2.2 shall be deemed to affect any rights (i) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor rule) promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) of the holders of any series of preferred stock if and to the extent provided for under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

(f) Definitions. For purposes of Section 2.2 of these Bylaws, the term:

(i) beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act;

(ii) Derivative Positions means, with respect to a stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, any derivative positions including, without limitation, any short position, profits interest, option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of capital stock of the Corporation or otherwise and any performance-related fees to which such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person is entitled based, directly or indirectly, on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of capital stock of the Corporation;

(iii) Hedging Transaction means, with respect to a stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, any hedging or other transaction (such as borrowed or loaned shares) or series of transactions, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding, the effect or intent of which is to increase or decrease the voting power or economic or pecuniary interest of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to the Corporations securities;

6

(iv) Public Announcement means disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or comparable news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and

(v) Stockholder Associated Person of any stockholder means (A) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, such stockholder, (B) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder or (C) any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Stockholder Associated Person.

Section 2.3. Special Meetings; Notice. Special Meetings may be called only in the manner set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. Notice of every Special Meeting shall state the purpose or purposes of such meeting. Except as otherwise required by law, the business conducted at a Special Meeting shall be limited exclusively to the business set forth in the Corporations notice of meeting, and the individual or group calling such meeting shall have exclusive authority to determine the business included in such notice.

Section 2.4. Notice of Meetings. Notice of the place, if any, date and time of all meetings of stockholders of the Corporation, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting) and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed present and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of all Special Meetings, the purpose of the meeting, shall be given, not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date on which such meeting is to be held, to each stockholder entitled to notice of the meeting.

The Corporation may postpone, adjourn or cancel any previously called Annual Meeting or Special Meeting of the Corporation (other than a meeting called upon the request of at least 30% of the voting power of the outstanding voting stock pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation) by making a Public Announcement (as defined in Section 2.2(f) above) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting. When a previously called Annual Meeting or Special Meeting is postponed to another date, time or place, notice of the date, time and place of the postponed meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting) and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed present and vote at such postponed meeting, shall be given in conformity with this Section 2.4 unless such meeting is postponed to a date that is not more than 60 days after the date that the initial notice of the meeting was provided in conformity with this Section 2.4. At any postponed meeting, any business may be transacted that may have been transacted at the original meeting prior to its postponement.

7

When a meeting is adjourned to another date, time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the date, time and place, if any, thereof and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided, however, that (i) if the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting, or (ii) if after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting in conformity herewith and such notice shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date for notice of such adjourned meeting. At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted that may have been transacted at the original meeting.

Section 2.5. Quorum. At any meeting of the stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority in voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting, shall constitute a quorum at any Annual Meeting or Special Meeting, unless otherwise required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or the rules of any stock exchange on which the Corporations securities are listed. If a separate vote by one or more classes or series is required, the holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of the total votes entitled to be cast on the matter by the holders of the shares of the class or classes or series, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to the vote on that matter.

Section 2.6. Organization. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, in his or her absence, the person whom the Board of Directors designates or, in the absence of that person or the failure of the Board of Directors to designate a person, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation or, in his or her absence, the person chosen at the meeting by the vote of a majority of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, shall preside over the meeting. The Secretary shall act as the secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence, any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or any other person the chairman appoints shall act as secretary.

Section 2.7. Conduct of Business. The chairman of any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation shall determine the order of business and the rules of procedure for the conduct of such meeting, including the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as he or she determines to be in order.

The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of the meeting shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason, including, without limitation, lack of a quorum) to adjourn the meeting to another place, if any, date and time, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures, and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (c) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (d) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (e) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The chairman of the meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination or matter of business was not properly brought before the meeting and if such chairman should so determine, such chairman shall so declare to the meeting and any such matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.

8

Section 2.8. Proxies; Inspectors.

(a) Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or express consent to corporation action in writing without a meeting (if permitted by the Certificate of Incorporation) may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy that is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by delivering to the Secretary of the Corporation a revocation of the proxy or a new proxy bearing a later date.

(b) Prior to a meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, the Corporation shall appoint one or more inspectors (who may be employees of the Corporation) to act at a meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the chairman of the meeting may, and to the extent required by applicable law, shall, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. No person who is a candidate for an office at an election may serve as an inspector at such election. Each inspector, before beginning the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspectors may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist the inspectors in the performance of the duties of inspectors. The inspectors shall have the duties prescribed by applicable law.

Section 2.9. Voting. Except as otherwise required by any law or regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, by the Certificate of Incorporation, by these Bylaws or by the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Corporations securities are listed, when a quorum is present, all matters other than the election of directors shall be determined by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of stock of the Corporation which are present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon. All elections of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast.

9

Section 2.10. Action by Written Consent. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, stockholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting of stockholders, except where such consent is signed by all stockholders of such class or series of capital stock entitled to vote thereon.

Section 2.11. Stockholders List. A complete list of stockholders of the Corporation entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, arranged in alphabetical order for each class of stock and showing the address of each such stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of such stockholder, shall be open to the examination of any such stockholder, for any purpose germane to a meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, for a period of at least 10 days before the meeting (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting or (ii) during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation; provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than 10 days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the 10th day before such meeting date. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then a list of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be examined by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting.

Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the sole evidence of the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting and the number of shares held by each stockholder.

ARTICLE 3 - BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 3.1. General Powers and Qualifications of Directors. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authorities these Bylaws expressly confer upon them, the Board of Directors may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by the DGCL or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. Directors need not be stockholders of the Corporation to be qualified for election or service as a director of the Corporation.

Section 3.2. Number. Subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, the total number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors shall be fixed from time to time solely by resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors.

Section 3.3. Removal; Resignation. Directors may only be removed as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. Any director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing, including by electronic transmission, to the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein or, if the time is not specified, upon receipt thereof. Unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

10

Section 3.4. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such places (if any), within or outside the State of Delaware, on the date and at the time as shall have been established by the Board of Directors and communicated to all directors. A notice of a regular meeting shall not be required.

Section 3.4. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or by two or more directors then in office, and shall be held at the place, if any, on the date and at the time as he, she or they shall fix. Notice of the place, if any, date and time of each special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given to each director not less than twenty-four hours before the meeting (or any period of notice less than twenty-four hours before a special meeting if the person or persons calling such meeting determine in good faith that exigent circumstances warrant calling the meeting on shorter notice). Such notice may be waived, either before or after the meeting, and the attendance of a director at any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall of itself constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting and of any and all objections to the date, time and place of the meeting, or to the manner in which it has been called or convened, except where a director attends solely for the purpose of objecting to such notice and states, at the beginning of the meeting, such objection. Such member shall be conclusively presumed to have assented to any action taken unless his or her dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless his or her written dissent to such action shall be filed with the person acting as the secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall be forwarded by registered mail to the Secretary of the Corporation immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to any member who voted in favor of such action. Any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.5. Quorum; Vote Required for Action. At any meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the total number of directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for all purposes. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting to another place, if any, date or time, without further notice or waiver thereof. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the act of a majority of directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.6. Telephone Meetings. Members of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all directors participating in the meeting can hear each other director, and such participation shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

Section 3.7. Conduct of Business; Action by Written Consent. At any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, business shall be transacted in the order and manner that the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The Board of Directors or any committee thereof may take action without a meeting if all members thereof consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings, or electronic transmission or electronic transmissions, are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof.

11

Section 3.8. Compensation of Directors. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to fix the compensation of directors. The directors of the Corporation shall be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors, paid an annual retainer or paid other compensation, including equity compensation, as the Board of Directors determines. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of committees shall have their expenses, if any, of attendance of each meeting of such committee reimbursed and may be paid compensation for attending committee meetings or being a member of a committee.

ARTICLE 4 - COMMITTEES

Section 4.1. Committees of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees of the Board of Directors, each with such lawfully delegable powers and duties as the Board of Directors thereby confers, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and shall appoint one or more directors to serve as the member or members of such committee or committees, designating, if it desires, other directors as alternate members who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of any committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of any committee and any alternate member in his or her place, the member or members of the committee present at the meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or she or they constitute a quorum, may by unanimous vote appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of the absent or disqualified member. All provisions of this Section 4.1 are subject to, and nothing in this Section 4.1 shall in any way limit the exercise, or method or timing of the exercise of the rights of any person granted by the Corporation with respect to the existence, duties, composition or conduct of any committee of the Board of Directors.

Section 4.2. Committee Rules. Unless the Board of Directors otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board of Directors may make, alter and repeal rules for the conduct of its business. In the absence of such rules, each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board of Directors conducts its business pursuant to Article 3 of these Bylaws.

ARTICLE 5 - OFFICERS

Section 5.1. Generally. The officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the Board of Directors and shall be a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, one or more Vice Presidents and a Secretary. The Board of Directors may also appoint as officers a President, one or more Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary. Each officer shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. The compensation of officers appointed by the Board of Directors shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors, or a committee thereof, or by such officers as may be authorized from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors.

12

Section 5.2. Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall have, subject to the supervision, direction and control of the Board of Directors, the general powers and duties of supervision, direction, and management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, including, without limitation, all powers necessary to direct and control the organizational and reporting relationships within the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. In addition, the Chief Executive Officer shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors or as are set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. If the Board of Directors has not elected or appointed a President or the office of the President is otherwise vacant, and no officer otherwise functions with the powers and duties of the President, then, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer shall also have all the powers and duties of the President.

Section 5.3. President. The President, if there is such an officer and the Board of Directors so directs, shall serve as chief operating officer and have the powers and duties customarily and usually associated with the office of chief operating officer unless the Board of Directors provides for another officer to serve as chief operating officer (or to have the powers and duties of chief operating officer). The President shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be delegated to him or her from time to time by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. If the Board of Directors has not elected or appointed a Chief Executive Officer or the office of Chief Executive Officer is otherwise vacant, then, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the President shall also have all the powers and duties of the Chief Executive Officer.

Section 5.4. Vice President. Each Vice President shall have the powers and duties delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or his or her superior officer.

Section 5.5. Secretary and Assistant Secretaries. The Secretary shall issue all authorized notices for, and shall keep minutes of, all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. He or she shall have charge of the corporate books and shall perform other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.

Any Assistant Secretary, if there is such an officer, shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the Secretary, the Assistant Secretary (or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the Board of Directors), shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary.

Section 5.6. Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers. The Chief Financial Officer shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the Corporation in a thorough and proper manner and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the Corporation in such form and as often as required by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President. The Chief Financial Officer, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds and securities of the Corporation. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform other duties commonly incident to such office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President shall designate from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer or President may direct the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer, if there is such an officer, to assume and perform the duties of the Chief Financial Officer in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer, and each Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer shall perform other duties commonly incident to such office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President shall designate from time to time.

13

Section 5.7. Delegation of Authority. The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding any provision hereof.

Section 5.8. Removal, Vacancies. The Board of Directors may remove any officer of the Corporation at any time, with or without cause. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation may be filled by the Board of Directors.

Section 5.9. Appointing Attorneys and Agents; Voting Securities of Other Entities. Unless otherwise provided by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or any Vice President may from time to time appoint an attorney or attorneys or agent or agents of the Corporation, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, to cast the votes which the Corporation may be entitled to cast as the holder of stock or other securities in any other corporation or other entity, any of whose stock or other securities may be held by the Corporation, at meetings of the holders of the stock or other securities of such other corporation or other entity, or to consent in writing, in the name of the Corporation as such holder, to any action by such other corporation or other entity, and may instruct the person or persons so appointed as to the manner of casting such votes or giving such consents, and may execute or cause to be executed in the name and on behalf of the Corporation and under its corporate seal or otherwise, all such written proxies or other instruments as he or she may deem necessary or proper. Any of the rights set forth in this Section 5.9 which may be delegated to an attorney or agent may also be exercised directly by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Vice President.

Section 5.10. Additional Matters. The Chief Executive Officer, the President and the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation shall have the authority to designate employees of the Corporation to have the title of Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Assistant Treasurer or Assistant Secretary. Any employee so designated shall have the powers and duties determined by the officer making such designation. The persons upon whom such titles are conferred shall not be deemed officers of the Corporation unless elected by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE 6 - STOCK

Section 6.1. Certificates of Stock. Shares of the stock of the Corporation may be certificated or uncertificated, as provided in the DGCL. Any stock certificates issued by the Corporation shall be signed in the manner required by the DGCL. Any signatures on a certificate may be by facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

14

Section 6.2. Transfers of Stock. Transfers of stock shall be made only upon the transfer books of the Corporation kept at an office of the Corporation (within or outside of the State of Delaware) or by transfer agents designated to transfer shares of the stock of the Corporation.

Section 6.3. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event of the loss, theft or destruction of any certificate of stock, another may be issued in its place pursuant to regulations as the Board of Directors may establish concerning proof of the loss, theft or destruction and concerning the giving of a satisfactory bond or indemnity, if deemed appropriate.

Section 6.4. Regulations. The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of certificates of stock of the Corporation shall be governed by the Certificate of Incorporation and other regulations as the Board of Directors may establish.

Section 6.5. Record Date.

(a) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for determining stockholders entitled to vote. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting.

(b) If and to the extent that stockholder action by written consent is permitted by the Certificate of Incorporation, in order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and which date shall not be more than 10 days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in this State, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by the DGCL, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

15

(c) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

ARTICLE 7 - INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES

Section 7.1. Indemnification. The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), any person (an Indemnitee) who was or is made, or is threatened to be made, a party or is otherwise involved (including, without limitation, involvement as a witness) in any actual or threatened action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or an officer of Satellogic Inc., a British Virgin Islands (the BVI) business company incorporated in the BVI as a company limited by shares (Satellogic BVI) or the Corporation or, while a director or an officer of Satellogic BVI or the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of Satellogic BVI or the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, member, trustee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, nonprofit entity or other enterprise (including, but not limited to, service with respect to employee benefit plans) (any such entity, an Other Entity), whether the basis of such Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director or officer or in any other capacity while serving as a director or officer, against all liability and loss suffered (including, but not limited to, expenses (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and expenses), judgments, excise taxes, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such Indemnitee in connection with such Proceeding). Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify an Indemnitee in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such Indemnitee only if the commencement of such Proceeding (or part thereof) by the Indemnitee was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation or the Proceeding (or part thereof) relates to the enforcement of the Corporations obligations under this Section 7.1. Any person serving as a director, officer, employee, member, trustee, administrator, employee or agent of an Other Entity whose equity or other interests are owned by the Corporation (or previously owned by Satellogic BVI) shall be conclusively presumed to be serving in such capacity at the request of Satellogic BVI or the Corporation.

16

Section 7.2. Advancement of Expenses. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay, on an as-incurred basis, all expenses (including, but not limited to attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by an Indemnitee in investigating, responding to, defending or testifying in any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition (as defined below). Such advancement shall be unconditional, unsecured and interest free and shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay any expenses advanced; provided, however, that, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final judicial decision of the Proceeding from which there is no right to appeal (final disposition) shall be made only upon receipt of an unsecured undertaking by the Indemnitee to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined by final disposition that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article 7 or otherwise.

Section 7.3. Claims. If a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of such proceeding) or advancement of expenses under this Article 7 is not paid in full within thirty days, or, in the case of advancement of expenses, fifteen days, provided that Indemnitee has delivered the undertaking contemplated by Section 7.2 above, if required, after a written claim therefor by the Indemnitee has been received by the Corporation, the Indemnitee may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law.

Section 7.4. Insurance. The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of Satellogic BVI or the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of Satellogic BVI or the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, member, trustee or agent of an Other Entity, against any liability asserted against the person and incurred by the person in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article 7 or the DGCL.

Section 7.5. Survival; Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any Indemnitee by this Article 7 shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of Satellogic BVI or the Corporation and are not exclusive of other rights arising under the Certificate of Incorporation, any bylaw, agreement, vote of directors or stockholders or otherwise. Any such rights shall inure to the benefit of the heirs and legal representatives of such Indemnitee. The Corporation may enter into agreements with any Indemnitee for the purpose of providing for indemnification or advancement of expenses.

17

Section 7.6. Other Sources; Amounts Received from an Other Entity. The Corporation shall (i) be the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to an Indemnitee shall be primary and any obligation of other entities or persons with respect to which an Indemnitee may have rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and/or insurance for the same liability, loss or expenses incurred by such Indemnitee (the Secondary Indemnitors), is secondary), and (ii) subject to the delivery of the undertaking contemplated by Section 7.2, if required, be required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by a Indemnitee and shall be liable for the full amount of all liabilities, losses and expenses as required by the terms of this Article 7, without regard to any rights an Indemnitee may have against any Secondary Indemnitor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporations obligation, if any, to indemnify or to advance expenses to any Indemnitee who was or is serving at the Corporations request as a director, officer, employee, member, trustee or agent of an Other Entity shall be reduced by any amount such Indemnitee may collect as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such Other Entity.

Section 7.7. Amendment or Repeal. All rights to indemnification under this Article 7 shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each director or officer of the Corporation or legal representative thereof who serves or served in such capacity at any time while this Article VII is in effect. Any right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses of any Indemnitee arising hereunder shall not be diminished, eliminated or impaired by an amendment to or repeal of this Article 7 or an amendment to or repeal of relevant provisions of the DGCL or any other applicable laws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the Proceeding or other matter for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought.

Section 7.8. Other Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. This Article 7 shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Indemnitees when and as authorized by appropriate corporate action.

Section 7.10. Reliance. Indemnitees who after the date of the adoption of this Article 7 become or remain an Indemnitee described in Section 7.1 will be conclusively presumed to have relied on the rights to indemnity, advancement of expenses and other rights contained in this Article 7 in entering into or continuing the service. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article 7 will apply to claims made against any Indemnitee described in Section 7.1 arising out of acts or omissions that occurred or occur either before or after the adoption of this Article 7 in respect of service as a director or officer of the corporation or other service described in Section 7.1.

Section 7.11. Successful Defense. In the event that any proceeding to which an Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse judgment against the Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that the Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in such proceeding for purposes of Section 145(c) of the DGCL. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

18

ARTICLE 8 - NOTICES

Section 8.1. Methods of Notice. Except as otherwise provided herein or permitted by applicable law, notices to directors and stockholders shall be in writing and delivered personally or mailed to the directors or stockholders at their addresses appearing on the books of the Corporation or given as permitted by applicable law. If mailed, notice to a stockholder of the Corporation shall be deemed given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to a stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders of the Corporation may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL.

Section 8.2. Waivers. A written waiver of any notice, signed by a stockholder or director, or a waiver of any notice by electronic transmission by such person or entity, whether given before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to the notice required to be given to such person or entity. Neither the business nor the purpose of any meeting need be specified in the waiver. Attendance at any meeting shall constitute waiver of notice except attendance for the sole purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

ARTICLE 9 - MISCELLANEOUS

Section 9.1. Corporate Seal. The Board of Directors may provide a suitable seal, containing the name of the Corporation, which seal shall be in the charge of the Secretary of the Corporation. If and when so directed by the Board of Directors, duplicates of the seal may be kept and used by the Treasurer or by an Assistant Secretary, Assistant Treasurer or the Chief Financial Officer.

Section 9.2. Reliance upon Books, Reports, and Records. Each director and each member of any committee designated by the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books and records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers, agents or employees, or committees of the Board of Directors so designated, or by any other person or entity as to matters which such director or committee member reasonably believes are within such other persons or entitys professional or expert competence and that has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation.

Section 9.3. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be as fixed by the Board of Directors.

Section 9.4. Time Periods. In applying any provision of these Bylaws that requires that an act be done or not be done a specified number of days before an event or that an act be done during a specified number of days before an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded, and the day of the event shall be included.

Section 9.5. Inconsistent Provisions. In the event that any provision of the Bylaws is or becomes inconsistent with any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, the DGCL or any other applicable law, the provisions of the Bylaws shall not be given any effect to the extent of such inconsistency but shall otherwise be given full force and effect.

19

ARTICLE 10 - AMENDMENTS

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by law, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation subject to the power of the stockholders of the Corporation entitled to vote with respect thereto to adopt, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws. Any adoption, alteration, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws of the Corporation by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of a majority of the Board of Directors then in office or, subject to and in addition to any other vote otherwise required by the Certificate of Incorporation or by applicable law, the approval by holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class.

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex_793457.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
ex_793457.htm

Exhibit 99.1

Satellogic Finalizes Move to U.S. Jurisdiction to Strengthen Market Position and Investor Access

New York, NY On March 26, 2025, Satellogic Inc. (NASDAQ: SATL) (the Company), consummated its previously announced domestication, pursuant to which the Company changed its jurisdiction of incorporation, domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware and discontinuing as a business company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. The Companys business, assets and liabilities on a consolidated basis, as well as its Board of Directors, the Companys executive officers, principal business locations (other than its principal executive office) and fiscal year, were the same immediately after the domestication as they were immediately prior to the domestication. Additionally, the Companys Class A common stock will continue to trade under the ticker symbol SATL and its publicly-traded warrants will continue to trade under the ticker symbol SATLW.

We are incredibly excited about the strategic realignment of Satellogic as a U.S. company, said Emiliano Kargieman, the Companys Chief Executive Officer. We believe this realignment provides better visibility to our investors and customers and better positions the Company to capture high value growth opportunities as it relates to competing for U.S. and allied government contracts.

About Satellogic

Founded in 2010 by Emiliano Kargieman and Gerardo Richarte, Satellogic (NASDAQ: SATL) is the first vertically integrated geospatial company, driving real outcomes with planetary-scale insights. Satellogic is creating and continuously enhancing the first scalable, fully automated EO platform with the ability to remap the entire planet at both high-frequency and high-resolution, providing accessible and affordable solutions for customers.

Satellogics mission is to democratize access to geospatial data through its information platform of high-resolution images to help solve the worlds most pressing problems including climate change, energy supply, and food security. Using its patented Earth imaging technology, Satellogic unlocks the power of EO to deliver high-quality, planetary insights at the lowest cost in the industry.

With more than a decade of experience in space, Satellogic has proven technology and a strong track record of delivering satellites to orbit and high-resolution data to customers at the right price point.

To learn more, please visit: http://www.satellogic.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on Satellogics current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on Satellogic and include statements concerning Satellogics strategic realignment as a U.S. company, the visibility and high growth opportunities it will provide in connection therewith. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this press release. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve, and must not be relied on by an investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Satellogic. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this press release, including but not limited to: (i) our ability to generate revenue as expected, (ii) our ability to effectively market and sell our EO services and to convert contracted revenues and our pipeline of potential contracts into actual revenues, (iii) risks related to the secured convertible notes, (iv) the potential loss of one or more of our largest customers, (v) the considerable time and expense related to our sales efforts and the length and unpredictability of our sales cycle, (vi) risks and uncertainties associated with defense-related contracts, (vii) risk related to our pricing structure, (viii) our ability to scale production of our satellites as planned, (ix) unforeseen risks, challenges and uncertainties related to our expansion into new business lines, (x) our dependence on third parties to transport and launch our satellites into space, (xi) our reliance on third-party vendors and manufacturers to build and provide certain satellite components, products, or services, (xii) our dependence on ground station and cloud-based computing infrastructure operated by third parties for value-added services, and any errors, disruption, performance problems, or failure in their or our operational infrastructure, (xiii) risk related to certain minimum service requirements in our customer contracts, (xiv) market acceptance of our EO services and our dependence upon our ability to keep pace with the latest technological advances, (xv) competition for EO services, (xvi) challenges with international operations or unexpected changes to the regulatory environment in certain markets, (xvii) unknown defects or errors in our products, (xviii) risk related to the capital-intensive nature of our business and our ability to raise adequate capital to finance our business strategies, (xix) substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, (xx) uncertainties beyond our control related to the production, launch, commissioning, and/or operation of our satellites and related ground systems, software and analytic technologies, (xxi) the failure of the market for EO services to achieve the growth potential we expect, (xxii) risks related to our satellites and related equipment becoming impaired, (xxiii) risks related to the failure of our satellites to operate as intended, (xxiv) production and launch delays, launch failures, and damage or destruction to our satellites during launch, and (xxv) the impact of natural disasters, unusual or prolonged unfavorable weather conditions, epidemic outbreaks, terrorist acts, and geopolitical events (including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, in the Gaza Strip, and the Red Sea region) on our business and satellite launch schedules. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of Satellogics Annual Report on Form 20-F and other documents filed or to be filed by Satellogic from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Satellogic assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Satellogic can give no assurance that it will achieve its expectations.

Media Contacts

Satellogic, Inc.

Ryan Driver, VP of Strategy & Corporate Development

pr@satellogic.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>satl-20250326.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>satl-20250326_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>satl-20250326_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

ClassACommonStock Custom [Member] 

Warrants Custom [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>satl-20250326_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>s01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document And Entity Information

Mar. 26, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name SATELLOGIC INC.

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Mar. 26, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-41247

Entity, Tax Identification Number 98-1845974

Entity, Address, Address Line One 210 Delburg Street

Entity, Address, City or Town Davidson

Entity, Address, State or Province NC

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 28036

City Area Code 704

Local Phone Number 894-4482

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001874315

ClassACommonStock Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock

Trading Symbol SATL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants

Trading Symbol SATLW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=satl_ClassACommonStockCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=satl_WarrantsCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.satl.com/20250326/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

satl-20250326.xsd 
satl-20250326_def.xml 
satl-20250326_lab.xml 
satl-20250326_pre.xml 
satl20250323_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-009269-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>satl20250323_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001874315 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

0001874315 

satl:ClassACommonStockCustomMember 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

0001874315 

satl:WarrantsCustomMember 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

false 
0001874315 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-26 
SATELLOGIC INC. 
DE 
001-41247 
98-1845974 
210 Delburg Street 
Davidson 
NC 
28036 
704 
894-4482 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock 
SATL 
NASDAQ 
Warrants 
SATLW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>