<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-029376.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-029376.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328161322
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-029376
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIO-PATH HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001133818
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				870652870
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36333
		FILM NUMBER:		25786390

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4710 BELLAIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BELLAIRE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(832) 742-1357

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4710 BELLAIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			BELLAIRE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIO-PATH HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080221

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OGDEN GOLF CO CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010205
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510724d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000113381800011338182025-03-282025-03-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT

TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 28, 2025

BIO-PATH
HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-36333 87-0652870

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (IRS
Employer Identification No.)

4710
Bellaire Boulevard, Suite
210, Bellaire,
Texas 77401

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(832)
742-1357

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share BPTH 
N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 28, 2025,
Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, a Virginia limited liability company (the Lender), an accredited investor, for the issuance
and sale of a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $100,050 (the Note) for a purchase price of $87,000 after
deducting the original issue discount of $13,050. The Note bears a one-time interest charge of twelve percent that is applied on the date
of issuance, March 28, 2025. The Note shall be paid in five payments with the first payment of $56,028 due on September 30,
2025 and each subsequent payment shall be equal to $14,007 which are due on October 30, 2025, November 30, 2025, December 30,
2025 and January 30, 2026.

Upon the occurrence and
during any continuation of any Event of Default (as defined in the Note), the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company
shall pay to the Lender, in full satisfaction, an amount equal to 150% times the sum of (i) the then outstanding principal amount
of the Note plus (ii) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Note to the date of payment plus (iii) default
interest, if any, at a rate of 22% per annum on the amounts referred to in clauses (i) and/or (ii) plus (iv) any amounts
owed to the Lender pursuant to the Conversion Right (as defined below). In addition, only upon an Event of Default and during any continuation
thereof, the Lender may elect to convert all or any part of the outstanding principal and interest on the Note in fully paid and non-assessable
shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock) at a conversion price per share equal
to 65% of the lowest closing bid price of the Common Stock for the ten trading days prior to the date of conversion (the Conversion
Right). The Lender, together with its affiliates, may not convert any portion of such Note to the extent that the Lender would
own more than 4.99% of the Companys outstanding Common Stock immediately after the conversion.

The issuance of the Note
and the issuance of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon any Event of Default will not be registered under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities laws. The Note and the shares of Common Stock, if issued,
will be issued in reliance on the exemptions from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and/or Regulation
D promulgated thereunder.

The Note and the Purchase Agreement contain standard
and customary representations and warranties, agreements and obligations, and events of default. The foregoing descriptions of terms and
conditions of the Purchase Agreement and the Note do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of
the form of the Purchase Agreement and the Note, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively.

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer
to sell the securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the securities in any state
or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial
Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information contained
above in Item 1.01 regarding the Note and Purchase Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities.

The information contained
above in Item 1.01 regarding the Note and Purchase Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

Number Description

4.1 Promissory Note, dated as of March 28, 2025, issued by the Company in favor of the Lender.

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, by and between the Company and the Lender.

104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this Current Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

BIO-PATH HOLDINGS, INC.

Dated: March 28, 2025 By: /s/ Peter H. Nielsen

Peter H. Nielsen

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510724d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES
MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE
SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED.

THE ISSUE PRICE OF THIS NOTE IS $100,050.00

THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT IS $13,050.00

Principal
Amount: $100,050.00 Issue
Date: March 28, 2025

Purchase
Price: $87,000.00 

PROMISSORY NOTE

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Bio-Path Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower),
hereby promises to pay to the order of 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC, a Virginia limited liability company, or registered assigns
(the Holder) the sum of $100,050.00 together with any interest as set forth herein, on January 30, 2026 (the Maturity
Date), and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof from the date hereof (the Issue Date) as set forth
herein. This Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of principal or
interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22%) per annum from the due date
thereof until the same is paid (Default Interest). All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common
stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money
of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written
notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have
the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this Note was originally
issued (the Purchase Agreement).

This Note is free from all
taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar
rights of stockholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

The following terms shall
apply to this Note:

Article I.
GENERAL TERMS

1.1Interest.
A one-time interest charge of twelve percent (12%) (the Interest Rate) shall be applied on the Issuance Date to the principal
amount ($100,050.00 * twelve percent (12%) = $12,006.00). Interest hereunder shall be paid as set forth herein to the Holder or its assignee
in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of Notes in cash or, in the
Event of Default, at the Option of the Holder, converted into share of Common Stock as set forth herein.

1.2Mandatory
Monthly Payments. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in five (5) payments
as follows:

Payment Date Amount of Payment 

September 30, 2025 $ 56,028.00 

October 30, 2025 $ 14,007.00 

November 30, 2025 $ 14,007.00 

December 30, 2025 $ 14,007.00 

January 30, 2026 $ 14,007.00 

(a total payback to the Holder of $112,056.00). 

The
Company shall have a five (5) day grace period with respect to each payment. The Company has right to prepay in full at any time
with no prepayment penalty. All payments shall be made by bank wire transfer to the Holders wire instructions, attached
hereto as Exhibit A. For the avoidance of doubt, a missed payment shall be considered an Event of Default.

Article II.
CERTAIN COVENANTS

2.1Sale
of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business in
one or a series of transactions which would render the Borrower a shell company as such term is defined in Rule 144
(as defined herein).

Article III.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If any of the following events
of default (each, an Event of Default) shall occur:

3.1Failure
to Pay Principal and Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether
at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise and such breach continues for a period of five (5) business days after written notice
from the Holder.

3.2Breach
of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral
documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written
notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder.

3.3Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or certificate
given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall be false or
misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect
on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.

3.4Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or
consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver
or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

2 

3.5Bankruptcy.
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower
on or after the Issue Date.

3.6Delisting
of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC (which
specifically includes the quotation platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group) or an equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq
National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE American Stock Exchange.

3.7Failure
to Comply with the Exchange Act. The Borrower shall fail to materially comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act;
and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

3.8Liquidation.
Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

3.9 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as
such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going
concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

3.10Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to
the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount)
signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.

3.11Cross-Default. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by the
Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements, after the passage of all applicable notice
and cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note and the Other Agreements, in which
event the Holder shall be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this
Note and the Other Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. Other Agreements means, collectively,
all agreements and instruments between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit of, (2) the Holder and any affiliate
of the Holder, including, without limitation, promissory notes; provided, however, the term Other Agreements shall not
include the related or companion documents to this Note. Each of the loan transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction
and with all other existing and future debt of Borrower to the Holder.

Upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of any Event of Default, the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction
of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to 150% times the sum of (w) the then outstanding principal amount of
this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the Mandatory
Prepayment Date) plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus
(z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Article IV hereof (the then outstanding principal amount of this Note to
the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the Default
Amount) and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand, presentment or notice,
all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection,
and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

3 

Article IV.
CONVERSION RIGHTS

4.1Conversion
Right. At any time following an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof, the Holder shall have the right, to convert
all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such
Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock
shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price determined as provided herein (a Conversion); provided,
however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note
upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates
(other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes
or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of
this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and
its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding
sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such
proviso. The beneficial ownership limitations on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder. The number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined
below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit B (the Notice of Conversion), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 4.4
below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected
to result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date);
however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent after 6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day.
The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount
of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holders
option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus
(4) at the Holders option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 4.4 hereof. The Holder shall be entitled to
deduct $1,500.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holder's deposit fees associated with each Notice of
Conversion. Any additional expenses incurred by Holder with respect to the Borrower's transfer agent, for the issuance of the Common
Stock into which this Note is convertible into, shall either (i) immediately be paid by the Company or (ii) immediately and
automatically be added to the balance of the Note at such time as the expenses are incurred by Holder, in the Companys sole discretion.

4 

4.2Conversion
Price. The Conversion Price shall mean 65% multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 35%)(subject
to equitable adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the Borrowers securities
or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and
similar events). Market Price means the lowest Trading Price (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading
Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Price means, for any security
as of any date, the closing bid price on the or applicable exchange or trading market (the Trading Market) as reported
by a reliable reporting service (Reporting Service) designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the Trading Market
is not the principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or
trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available in any of the foregoing
manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the pink sheets.
If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the
fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of the Notes being converted for which
the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. Trading Day
shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the Trading Market, or on the principal securities exchange
or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.

4.3Authorized
Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period that the Note is outstanding, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon
the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized
and reserved four times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price
of the Note in effect from time to time) (the Reserved Amount). The Reserved Amount shall be increased (or decreased) from
time to time (and in the case of each payment received by the Holder hereunder) in accordance with the Borrowers obligations hereunder.
The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition,
if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Common
Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper
provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive
rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent
to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note
shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and
issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

If, at any time the Borrower
does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note.

4.4Method
of Conversion.

(a)Mechanics
of Conversion. As set forth in Section 4.1 hereof, at any time following an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof,
the balance due pursuant to this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time after the Issue
Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication
dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 4.4(b), surrendering
this Note at the principal office of the Borrower (upon payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder).

5 

(b)Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal
amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted and
the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require
physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion.

(c)Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable
means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 4.4, the Borrower
shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt subject to the terms hereof and applicable rules of
the Principal Market (as defined hereinbelow) (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid
principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement. Upon receipt by the
Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion,
and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted
shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided,
on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrowers obligation to issue
and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or
any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record,
or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to
the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in
connection with such conversion.

(d)Delivery
of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion,
provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST)
program and the shares may be issued without legend in accordance with Section 4.5, upon request of the Holder and its compliance
with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically
transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through
its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) system.

(e)Failure
to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in any way limiting the Holders right to pursue other remedies, including
actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note
is not delivered by the Deadline due to willful and purposeful action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to the
Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the Fail
to Deliver Fee); provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e.,
transfer agent; and not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery
of such Common Stock. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued
or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has
accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms
of this Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The
Borrower agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate,
interference with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated
damages provision contained in this Section 4.4(e) are justified.

6 

4.5Concerning
the Shares. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless: (i) such
shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) pursuant to an exemption from registration
under the Act and the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in
form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions), which expressly permits the Company to rely
on such opinion of counsel, to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption
from such registration (such as Rule 144 or a successor rule) (Rule 144).

Any
restrictive legend on certificates representing shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed, provided
that no restrictive legend will be removed until the date that is six months from the Issue Date, and the Borrower shall issue to the
Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of
counsel from Holders counsel which expressly permits the Company to rely on such opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope
customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that (i) a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock
may be made without registration under the Act, which opinion shall be reasonably accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer
is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale
by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the Act; or (iii) otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption
from registration. In the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the opinion of counsel that properly conforms to applicable
securities laws provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration (such as
Rule 144), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to this Note.

4.6Effect
of Certain Events.

(a)Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than 50% of
the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into
any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default (as defined
in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition
to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III). Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

7 

(b)Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of the
Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result
of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes
of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter
have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would
have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to
the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 4.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable,
at least ten (10) days prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of
the record date of the special meeting of stockholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger,
consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder
shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written
instrument the obligations of this Note. The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers
or share exchanges.

(c)Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to
the Borrowers stockholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off))
(a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record
for determining stockholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the
Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to such Distribution.

Article V.
Miscellaneous

5.1Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive
of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

5.2Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most
recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon
hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or
number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to
be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:

8 

If to the Borrower,
to:

Bio-Path Holdings, Inc.

4710 Bellaire Boulevard, Suite 210

Bellaire, Texas 77401

Attn: Peter Nielsen,
Chief Executive Officer

Email: pnielsen@biopathholdings.com

If to the Holder:

1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC

1800 Diagonal Road,
Suite 623

Alexandria VA 22314

Attn:
Curt Kramer, President

Email: ckramer6@bloomberg.net

5.3Amendments.
This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note
and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

5.4Assignability.
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of
the Securities and Exchange Commission). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral
in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement; and may be assigned by the Holder without the consent
of the Borrower.

5.5Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including
reasonable attorneys fees.

5.6Governing
Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall
be brought only in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia or in the Alexandria Division of the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Virginia. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action
instituted hereunder and shall not assert any objection or defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non
conveniens. The Borrower and Holder waive trial by jury. The Holder shall be entitled to recover from the Borrower its reasonable
attorney's fees and costs incurred in connection with or related to any Event of Default by the Company, as defined in Article III
hereof. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable
under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict
therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or
unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof or any agreement delivered
in connection herewith. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note, any agreement or any other document delivered in connection with this Note by
mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law.

9 

5.7Purchase
Agreement. By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.

5.8Remedies.
The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required.

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower
has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this on March 28, 2025

Bio-Path Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/
Peter Nielsen 

Peter
Nielsen 

Chief
Executive Officer 

11 

EXHIBIT A
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS

Bank Name:

Bank Address:

Routing Number:

Beneficiary Account Number:

Beneficiary:

Mailing Address:

12 

EXHIBIT B -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION

The undersigned hereby elects
to convert $_________________ principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of
shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (Common Stock) as set forth below, of
Bio-Path Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower) according to the conditions of the convertible note
of the Borrower dated as of March 28, 2025 (the Note), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the
Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box Checked as to applicable instructions:

The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable
pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent
Commission system (DWAC Transfer).

Name of DTC Prime Broker:

Account Number:

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate
or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holders calculation attached
hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Date of conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: $ 

Number of shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to conversion of the Notes: 

Amount of Principal Balance due remaining under the Note after this conversion: 

1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC 

By: 

Name: Curt
Kramer 

Title: President 

Date:
__________________ 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2510724d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of March 28, 2025, by and between Bio-Path Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, with its address at 4710 Bellaire Boulevard, Suite 210, Bellaire, Texas 77401 (the Company), and 1800
DIAGONAL LENDING LLC, a Virginia limited liability company, with its address at 1800 Diagonal Road, Suite 623, Alexandria VA
22314 (the Buyer).

WHEREAS:

A.The
Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act); and

B.Buyer
desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, a promissory
note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in the aggregate principal amount of $100,050.00 (including $13,050.00
of Original Issue Discount) (the Note); and

NOW
THEREFORE, the Company and the Buyer severally (and not jointly) hereby agree as follows:

1.Purchase
and Sale of the Securities.

a.Purchase
of the Securities. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer agrees to
purchase from the Company the Securities as is set forth immediately below the Buyers name on the signature pages hereto.

b.Form of
Payment. On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Securities be issued and
sold to it at the Closing (as defined below) (the Purchase Price) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the
Company, in accordance with the Companys written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Securities, and (ii) the Company
shall deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company against delivery of such Purchase Price.

c.Closing
Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below,
the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall be 12:00
noon, Eastern Standard Time on or about March 28, 2025, or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the
parties.

2.Buyers
Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that:

a.Investment
Purpose. As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or otherwise
pursuant to the Note (such shares of Common Stock being collectively referred to herein as the Conversion Shares and, collectively
with the Note, the Securities) for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution
thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act.

b.Accredited
Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D (an Accredited Investor).

c.Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and the Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities.

d.Information.
The Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information unless such information
is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer.

e.Legends.
The Buyer understands that the Securities have not been registered under the 1933 Act; and may bear a restrictive legend in substantially
the following form:

"THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED."

The legend set forth above
shall be removed in accordance with the terms of Section 4.5 of the Note. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those
represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable securities laws, including
prospectus delivery requirements, if any.

f.Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of
the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms.

2 

3.Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents (as defined herein), the Company represents and warrants
to the Buyer that:

a.Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate
and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated
and conducted. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which
the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.

b.Authorization;
Enforcement. (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and
thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note has been duly authorized by the Companys
Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is
the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection herewith and
bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each
of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms.

c.Capitalization.
As of the date hereof, the authorized common stock of the Company consists of 200,000,000
authorized shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which 8,308,007 shares are issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding
shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

d.Issuance
of Shares. The Securities are duly authorized and reserved for issuance in accordance with its respective terms, will be validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and
shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability
upon the Buyer thereof.

e.No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the
Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute
a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities
are subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are
not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or
regulation of any governmental entity. Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations,
assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated
hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith.

3 

f.SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934
Act) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules
thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein
as the SEC Documents). Upon written request the Company will deliver to the Buyer true and complete copies of the SEC Documents,
except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates or if amended, as of the dates of the amendments, the
SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents
is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in
subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates or if amended, as of the dates of the amendments, the financial
statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in
all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and
the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments). The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.

g.Absence
of Certain Changes. Since September 30, 2024, , there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development
in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting
status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

h.Absence
of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

i.No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not
be integrated with any other issuance of the Companys securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval
provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.

4 

j.No
Brokers. The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction
fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

k.No
Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not
be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company).
The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company.

l.Breach
of Representations and Warranties by the Company. If the Company breaches any of the material representations or warranties set forth
in this Section 3 which is continuing after the applicable cure period as set forth in the Note, if any, and in addition to any
other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of default under Article III of
the Note.

4.COVENANTS.

a.Reasonable
Commercial Efforts. The Company shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in
Section 7 of this Agreement.

b.Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds for general working capital purposes.

c.Expenses.
At the Closing, the Companys obligation with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is to reimburse Buyer
expenses shall be $7,000.00 for Buyers legal fees and due diligence fee.

d.Corporate
Existence. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns any Note, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell
all or substantially all of the Companys assets, except with the prior written consent of the Buyer.

e.Breach
of Covenants. If the Company breaches any of the material covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any other
remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement which is continuing after the applicable cure period as set forth in the Note,
it will be considered an event of default under Article III of the Note.

f.Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.

5 

g.The
Buyer is Not a Dealer. The Buyer and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that the Buyer has not: (i) acted
as an underwriter; (ii) acted as a market maker or specialist; (iii) acted as de facto market maker; or (iv) conducted
any other professional market activities such as providing investment advice, extending credit and lending securities in connection;
and thus that the Buyer is not a Dealer as such term is defined in the 1934 Act.

h.Trading
Activities. Buyer hereby represents that neither the Buyer nor its affiliates has an open short position in the common stock of the
Company and the Buyer agrees that it shall not, and that it will cause its affiliates not to, engage in any short sales of or hedging
transactions with respect to the common stock of the Company.

5.Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered in the
name of the Buyer or its nominee, for the shares underlying any conversion of the Note upon default of the Note (the Conversion
Shares) in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company upon conversion of the Note in accordance with
the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions). In the event that the Company proposes to replace
its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer
Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably
reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount as such term is defined in the Note) signed by the successor transfer agent to
Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares
may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(e) of
this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred
to in this Section 5, will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable
on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its
transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated
form) any certificate for Conversion Shares to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when
required by the Note and this Agreement; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs,
delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect
thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and
when required by the Note and/or this Agreement. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will
cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly,
the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees,
in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in
addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

6 

6.Conditions
to the Companys Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Securities to the Buyer
at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that
these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion:

a.The
Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company.

b.The
Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

c.The
representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

d.No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7.Conditions
to The Buyers Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Securities at the Closing is subject
to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyers
sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

a.The
Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer.

b.The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note, in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

c.The
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Companys Transfer Agent.

d.The
representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received a
certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect
and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to certificates with respect to the
Board of Directors resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.

7 

e.No
litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

f.No
event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.

8.Governing
Law; Miscellaneous.

a.Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard
to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement shall be brought only in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia or in the Alexandria Division of the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction
and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any objection or defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or
based upon forum non conveniens. The Company and Buyer waive trial by jury. The Buyer shall be entitled to recover from the Company
its reasonable attorney's fees and costs incurred in connection with or related to any Event of Default by the Company, as defined in
Article III of the Note. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in
any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note or any related document or agreement by mailing a copy thereof
via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

b.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.

c.Headings.
The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this
Agreement.

d.Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then
such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with
such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

8 

e.Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with
respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the
Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be
waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

f.Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most
recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon
hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or
number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to
be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be
as set forth in the heading of this Agreement with a copy by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice) to Naidich Wurman LLP,
111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214, Great Neck, NY 11021, Attn: Allison Naidich, facsimile: 516-466-3555, e-mail: allison@nwlaw.com.
Each party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in address.

g.Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. Neither
the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the
other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person that purchases Securities in a private
transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent
of the Company.

h.Survival.
The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing
hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related
to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or
any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

i.Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

9 

j.No
Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

k.Remedies.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its
obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions
of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other
security being required.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK]

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. 

By: /s/
Peter Nielsen 

Peter
Nielsen 

Chief
Executive Officer 

1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC 

By: /s/
Curt Kramer 

Curt
Kramer 

President 

Aggregate Principal Amount of Note: $ 100,050.00 

Original Issue Discount $ 13,050.00 

Aggregate Purchase Price: $ 87,000.00 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bpth-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bpth-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bpth-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36333

Entity Registrant Name BIO-PATH
HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001133818

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-0652870

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4710
Bellaire Boulevard

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
210

Entity Address, City or Town Bellaire

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77401

City Area Code 832

Local Phone Number 742-1357

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol BPTH

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://biopathholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bpth-20250328.xsd 
bpth-20250328_lab.xml 
bpth-20250328_pre.xml 
tm2510724d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-029376-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm2510724d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001133818 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001133818 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
BIO-PATH HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-36333 
87-0652870 
4710 Bellaire Boulevard 
Suite 210 
Bellaire 
TX 
77401 
832 
742-1357 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
BPTH 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>