<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-002097.txt : 20250327
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-002097.hdr.sgml : 20250327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250327125251
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-002097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEONC TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001979414
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				921954864
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42567
		FILM NUMBER:		25778079

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 DOLE DRIVE
		CITY:			WESTLAKE VILLAGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91362
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310 663 7831

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 DOLE DRIVE
		CITY:			WESTLAKE VILLAGE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91362
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>neonctechnologies_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000197941400019794142025-03-252025-03-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):

March 25, 2025

NEONC TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

001-42567 92-1954864

(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

2 Dole Drive, Westlake Village, CA 91362

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(310)663-7831

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 NTHI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

On March 6, 2025, NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc. (the Company) filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Restated Certificate) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in connection with the Companys direct listing (the Direct Listing). The Companys board of directors and stockholders previously approved the Restated Certificate to be effective prior to the closing of the Direct Listing.

The Restated Certificate amends and restates the Companys certificate of incorporation in its entirety to, among other things include provisions customary for public companies.

The foregoing description of the amendments made in the Restated Certificate is qualified by reference to the Restated Certificate, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Amended and Restated Bylaws

In connection with the Direct Listing, the Amended and Restated Bylaws previously approved by the Companys board of directors become effective as of March 25, 2025, the effective date of the Direct Listing. The Amended and Restated Bylaws amend and restate the Companys bylaws in their entirety to, among other things: (i) address the universal proxy rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, by clarifying that no person may solicit proxies in support of a director nominee other than the board of directors nominees unless such person has complied with Rule 14a-19 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including applicable notice and solicitation requirements, and (ii) include provisions relating to proxies and voting.

The foregoing description of the amendments made in the Amended and Restated Bylaws is qualified by reference to the Amended and Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On March 25, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing its Direct Listing on the Nasdaq Global Market under the stock ticker NTHI. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Exhibit

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc.

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc.

99.1 Press release dated March 25, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 27, 2025 NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/ Dr. Thomas Chen

Name: Dr. Thomas Chen 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>neonctechnologies_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

NEONC TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC.

NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation), a corporation organized and
existing under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), hereby certifies that:

1. The name of the Corporation is NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc. and the date of filing the original Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was January 5, 2023 (the Original Certificate).

2. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Restated Certificate),
which amends and restated the Original Certificate in its entirety, has been approved
by the board of directors of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL and by the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL.

3. The Original Certificate of this Corporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety by the Restated Certificate as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.

4. This Restated Certificate shall become effective on the date of filing with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc., has caused this Restated Certificate
to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of this 6th, day of March,
2025.

NEONC TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Dr. Thomas C. Chen

Dr. Thomas C. Chen

Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT A

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

NEONC TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC.

ARTICLE I. NAME

The name of this Corporation is NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc.

ARTICLE II. REGISTERED AGENT

The address of the registered office of the Corporation is 13 W. Main Street, P.O. Box 953, Felton, County of Kent, DE 19943 and the name of the registered agent of the Company at such address is Telos Legal Corp.

ARTICLE III. PURPOSE

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a
corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time.

ARTICLE IV. AUTHORIZED STOCK

A. Authorized Class of Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively, Common Stock and Preferred Stock. The total number of shares which the Company is authorized to issue is one hundred ten million (110,000,000) shares of which (i) one hundred million (100,000,000) shares shall be designated Common Stock and have a par value of $0.0001 per share, and ten million (10,000,000) shares shall be designated Preferred Stock and have a par value of $0.0001 per share.

B. Common Stock. Each stockholder of record of Common Stock shall be entitled at each meeting of the
stockholders to one vote for each share of such stock. No holder of shares of Common Stock shall have the right to cumulate votes. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of outstanding Preferred Stock, holders
of shares of Common Stock shall have equal rights of participation in the dividends
and other distributions in cash, stock, or property of the Corporation when, as and
if declared thereon by the board of directors from time to time out of assets or funds
of the Corporation legally available therefor and shall have equal rights to receive
the assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution to stockholders
in the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary. The number of authorized shares of
Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof
then outstanding) by (in addition to any vote of the holders of one or more series
of Preferred Stock that may be required by the terms of this Restated Certificate)
the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of capital stock of the Corporation
representing a majority of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote thereon
who are present in person or represented by proxy, irrespective of the provisions
of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled
to vote on any amendment to this Restated Certificate (including any certificate of
designation filed with respect to any series of Preferred Stock) that relates solely
to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of
such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the
holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon by law or pursuant to this
Restated Certificate (including any certificate of designation filed with respect to any series of Preferred
Stock).

2

C. Preferred Stock. The board of directors of the Corporation is hereby expressly authorized to provide, out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock and subject to any limitations prescribed by law, for the issuance of shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more series, and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware (such
certificate being hereinafter referred to as a Preferred Stock Designation), to establish from time to time the following:

(i) The number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the designation, powers,
preferences and rights of the shares of each wholly unissued series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof;

(ii) The dividend rate on the shares of that series, whether dividends shall be cumulative
and, if so, from which date or dates, and the relative rights of priority, if any,
of payment of dividends on shares of that series;

(iii) Whether that series shall have voting rights, in addition to voting rights provided
by law and, if so, the terms of such voting rights;

(iv) Whether that series shall have conversion privileges and, if so, the terms and conditions
of such conversion, including provision for adjustment of the conversion rate in such
events as the board of directors shall determine;

(v) Whether the shares of that series shall be redeemable and, if so, the terms and conditions
of such redemption as the board of directors shall determine;

(vi) The rights of the shares of that series in the event of voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, and the relative rights of priority,
if any, of payment of shares of that series; and

(vii) Any other relative rights, preferences and limitations of that series.

The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock or any series thereof may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Common Stock, without a vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, or any
series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to the terms
of any preferred stock designation. In case the number of shares of any series shall be decreased in accordance with the
foregoing sentence, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status
that they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number
of shares of such series.

ARTICLE V. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

A. Management of Business. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be vested in its board of directors.

B. Number. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by the board of directors either by resolutions or a bylaw adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire board of directors.

C. Written Ballot. Directors need not be elected by written ballot unless required by the bylaws of the
Corporation.

3

D. Removal.

(i) Subject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors
under specified circumstances or remove such directors elected by the holders of such
series of Preferred Stock, neither the board of directors nor any individual director may be removed without cause.

(ii) Subject to any limitation imposed by applicable law and the rights of any series of
Preferred Stock to remove directors elected by the holders of such series of Preferred
Stock, any individual director or directors may be removed with cause by the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company then entitled to vote generally at an election of directors, voting together as a single class.

E. Classified Board.
Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances,
upon the filing of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the directors shall be divided into three classes designated as
Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. The board of directors is authorized to assign members of the board of directors
already in office to such classes at the time the classification becomes effective. At the first annual meeting of stockholders
following the initial classification of the board of directors, the term of office of the Class I directors shall expire and Class
I directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following such initial
classification, the term of office of the Class II directors shall expire and Class II directors shall be elected for a full term
of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following such initial classification, the term of office of the Class
III directors shall expire and Class III directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting
of stockholders, directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the directors of the class whose terms expire
at such annual meeting.

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section, each director shall serve
until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier
death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the board of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

ARTICLE VI. STOCKHOLDER ACTIONS

A. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders may be called by a majority of the board of directors,
the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or the president, and not by
any other person.

B. Actions by Stockholders. Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of
the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting
of such stockholders, may be taken only upon the vote of stockholders at an annual
or special meeting duly noticed and called in accordance with Delaware Law and may
not be taken by written consent of the stockholders without a meeting.

C. Notices. Advance notice of stockholder nominations for election of directors and other business
to be brought by stockholders before a meeting of stockholders shall be given in the
manner provided by the bylaws.

4

ARTICLE VII. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

No director or officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, respectively, except to the extent provided by application law (i) for any breach of the directors or officers duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions
not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of
law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or hereafter may be amended, in the case of directors only, (iv) for any transaction from which the director or officer derived an improper personal benefit, or (v) for any action by or in the right of the Corporation, in the case of officers
only. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to authorize corporate action further
eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors and officers, then the liability of a director or officer of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted
by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended. No repeal or amendment to this Article VII shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director
or officer of the Corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such
director or officer occurring prior to such repeal or amendment.

ARTICLE VIII. INDEMNIFICATION

This Corporation is authorized to indemnify the directors and officers of this Corporation
to the fullest extent permissible under Delaware law.

ARTICLE IX. CHOICE OF FORUM

A. Forum Selection. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District
of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom shall be the sole and exclusive forum
for the following claims or causes of action under the Delaware statutory or common
law: (i) any derivative claim or cause of action brought on behalf of the Corporation; (ii) any claim or cause of action for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current
or former director, officer or other employee of the Corporation, to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders; (iii) any claim or cause of action, arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the
Delaware General Corporation Law, this Restated Certificate or the bylaws of the Corporation (as each may be amended from time to time); (iv) any claim or cause of action against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Corporation, governed by the internal-affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted
by law and subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable
parties named as defendants. This Section A of Article IX shall not apply to claims or causes of action brought to enforce a duty or liability
created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the
federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.

B. Federal Forum. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall
be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action
arising under the Securities Act.

C. Notice. Any person or entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security
of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Restated
Certificate.

D. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Article IX shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance
for any reason whatsoever, (a) the validity, legality, and enforceability of such
provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article
IX (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Article IX containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable that is not itself held
to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired
thereby and (b) the application of such provision to other persons or entities and
circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

5

ARTICLE X. AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS

A. Board of Directors. In furtherance and not in limitation of the power conferred upon the board of directors
by law, the board of directors shall have the power to make, adopt, alter, amend and
repeal from time to time the bylaws of this Corporation, subject to the right of the stockholders entitled to vote
with respect thereto to alter and repeal bylaws made by the board of directors.

B. Stockholders. The stockholders shall also have the power to adopt, amend, alter, or repeal the bylaws;
provided that, in addition to any affirmative vote of the holders of any particular
class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by applicable law or
this Restated Certificate, such adoption, amendment, alteration, or repeal shall be
approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote, voting together as a single class.

ARTICLE XI. AMENDMENT OF RESTATED CERTIFICATE

A. The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this
Restated Certificate, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all
rights conferred upon the stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation, except as provided in paragraph B of this Article XI.

B. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Restated Certificate, or any provision of applicable law which might otherwise permit a lesser vote or
no vote, but in addition to any affirmative vote of the holders of any particular
class or series of the capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Restated Certificate or any certificate of designation
filed with respect to a series of Preferred Stock, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66
2/3%) of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote, voting together as a single class, shall be required to alter, amend
or repeal Articles V, VI, VII, IX, X, and XI.

* * * *

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>neonctechnologies_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

NeONC
TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I. OFFICES 1

Section 1. Registered Office and Agent 1

Section 2. Other Offices 1

ARTICLE II. MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 1

Section 1. Place of Meetings 1

Section 2. Annual Meetings 1

Section 3. Special Meetings 1

Section 4. Notice of Meetings 1

Section 5. Quorum; Adjournment 2

Section 6. Proxies and Voting 2

Section 7. Stock List 3

Section 8. Actions by Stockholders 3

Section 9. Organization; Order of Business 3

Section 10. Nomination of Directors 4

Section 11. Notice of Business 5

ARTICLE III. BOARD OF DIRECTORS 6

Section 1. Duties and Powers 6

Section 2. Number and Term of Office 6

Section 3. Classified Board 6

Section 4. Vacancies 6

Section 5. Meetings 6

Section 6. Quorum 7

Section 7. Actions of Board Without a Meeting 7

Section 8. Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone 7

Section 9. Committees 7

Section 10. Compensation 7

Section 11. Resignation 7

Section 12. Removal 8

ARTICLE IV. OFFICERS 8

Section 1. General 8

Section 2. Election; Term of Office 8

Section 3. Chairman of the Board 8

Section 4. Chief Executive Officer 8

Section 5. President 9

Section 6. Vice President 9

Section 7. Secretary 9

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Section 8. Assistant Secretaries 9

Section 9. Treasurer or Chief Financial Officer 9

Section 10. Assistant Treasurers 10

Section 11. Other Officers 10

Section 12. Resignations and Removal 10

ARTICLE V. STOCK 10

Section 1. Form of Certificates 10

Section 2. Signatures 10

Section 3. Lost Certificates 11

Section 4. Transfers 11

Section 5. Record Date 11

Section 6. Beneficial Owners 11

Section 7. Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation 11

ARTICLE VI. NOTICES 12

Section 1. Notices 12

Section 2. Waiver of Notice 12

ARTICLE VII. GENERAL PROVISIONS 12

Section 1. Dividends 12

Section 2. Disbursements 12

Section 3. Corporate Seal 12

Section 4. Forum Selection 12

ARTICLE VIII. DIRECTORS LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION 13

Section 1. Directors Liability 13

Section 2. Right to Indemnification 13

Section 3. Right of Claimant to Bring Suit 13

Section 4. Non-Exclusivity of Rights 14

Section 5. Insurance and Trust Fund 14

Section 6. Indemnification of Employees and Agents of the Corporation 14

Section 7. Amendment 14

ARTICLE IX. AMENDMENTS 14

Section 1. Board of Directors 14

Section 2. Stockholders 14

ii

BYLAWS

OF

NeONC TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC.

ARTICLE I.

OFFICES

Section 1. Registered Office and Agent. The registered office of NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation) shall be located at 13 W. Main Street, P.O. Box 953, Felton DE 19943. The name of its registered agent at such address is Telos Legal Corp.

Section 2. Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without
the State of Delaware as the board of directors may from time to time determine.

ARTICLE II.

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose
shall be held at such time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware,
as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors and stated in the
notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. The board of directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting may
be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by and pursuant to Delaware
General Corporation Law.

Section 2. Annual Meetings. The annual meetings of stockholders shall be held on such date and at such time as
shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors and stated in the
notice of the meeting, at which meetings the stockholders shall (i) elect a board
of directors by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented
by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors, and (ii)
transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.

Section 3. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders may be called by a majority of the board of directors, the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or the president, and not by any other person. Upon request in writing to the chairman of the board, the president or chief executive officer, any vice president or the secretary by any person (other than the board) entitled
to call a special meeting of stockholders, the officer forthwith shall cause notice
to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote that a meeting will be held at a
time requested by the person or persons calling the meeting, not less than thirty-five
(35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after receipt of the request, the
persons entitled to call the meeting may give the notice.

Section 4. Notice of Meetings.

(a) Written notice of the place, if any, date, and hour of all stockholder meetings, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders
may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is
called, shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before
the date on which the meeting is to be held, to each stockholder entitled to vote
at such meeting, except as otherwise provided herein or as required from time to time
by the Delaware General Corporation Law or the certificate of incorporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively, any
notice shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented
to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given, unless revoked in accordance with
Delaware General Corporation Law.

-1-

(b) A written waiver of any such notice signed by the person entitled thereto, or a waiver
by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after
the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting,
except when the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at
the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting
is not lawfully called or convened. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the
purposes stated in the notice.

Section 5. Quorum; Adjournment. At any meeting of the stockholders, the holders of a majority of all of the shares
of the stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall
constitute a quorum for all purposes, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaw and subject to Delaware law. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the chairman of the meeting or the holders
of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote who are present, in person or
by proxy, may adjourn the meeting to another place, date, or time without notice other
than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented.

When a meeting is adjourned to another place, date or time, written notice need not
be given of the adjourned meeting if the place, date and time thereof are announced
at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided, however, that if the date
of any adjourned meeting is more than thirty (30) days after the date for which the
meeting was originally noticed, or if a new record date is fixed for the adjourned
meeting, written notice of the place, date, and time of the adjourned meeting shall
be given in conformity herewith. At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted
at the original meeting.

Section 6. Proxies and Voting.

(a) Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation and subject to Delaware
Law, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each outstanding share of
capital stock of the Corporation held by such stockholder in the manner prescribed
by the Corporations certificate of incorporation, in person or by proxy authorized by an instrument
in writing or by a transmission permitted by law, including Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Any share of capital stock of the Corporation held by the Corporation shall have no
voting rights. Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws,
in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the majority
of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation present in person or represented
by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act
of the stockholders. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional
directors under specific circumstances, directors shall be elected by a plurality
of the votes of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation present in person or
represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors.

(b) Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent
or dissent to a corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another
person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, appointed by an instrument
in writing, subscribed by such stockholder or by his attorney thereunto authorized,
or by proxy sent by cable, telegram or by any means of electronic communication permitted
by law, which results in a writing from such stockholder or by his attorney, and delivered
to the secretary of the meeting. No proxy shall be voted after three (3) years from its date, unless said proxy provides
for a longer period.

-2-

(c) Votes may be cast by any stockholder entitled to vote in person or by his proxy. In determining the number of votes cast for or against a proposal or nominee, shares
abstaining from voting on a matter (including elections) will not be treated as a
vote cast. A non-vote by a broker will be counted for purposes of determining a quorum but not
for purposes of determining the number of votes cast.

(d) Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders
must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive
use by the board of directors.

Section 7. Stock List. A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, arranged
in alphabetical order for each class of stock and showing the address of each such
stockholder and the number of shares registered in such stockholders name, shall be open to the examination of any such stockholder, for any purpose
germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours for a period of at least ten
(10) days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting
is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or if
not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held.

The stock list shall also be kept at the place of the meeting during the whole time
thereof and shall be open to the examination of any such stockholder who is present. This list shall presumptively determine the identity of the stockholders entitled
to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each of them.

Section 8. Actions by Stockholders. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, any action required
to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or
any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders,
may be taken only upon the vote of stockholders at an annual or special meeting duly noticed and
called in accordance with Delaware Law and may not be taken by written consent of
the stockholders without a meeting.

Section 9. Organization; Order of Business. At each meeting of stockholders, the chairman of the board, if one shall have been elected, or in the Chairmans absence or if one shall not have been elected, the director designated by the vote
of the majority of the directors present at such meeting, shall act as chairman of
the meeting. The secretary (or in the secretarys absence or inability to act, the person whom the chairman of the meeting shall appoint
secretary of the meeting) shall act as secretary of the meeting and keep the minutes
thereof. The order of business at all meetings of stockholders shall be as determined by the
chairman of the meeting.

-3-

Section 10. Nomination of Directors.

(a) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in these
bylaws shall be eligible to serve as directors. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors of the Corporation may be made at a meeting of stockholders (i) by or at
the direction of the board of directors or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record
at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 2.10, who shall be entitled to vote for the election of directors at the meeting and who
complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.10. Such nominations, other than those made by or at the direction of the board of directors, shall be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the secretary of the
Corporation. To be timely, a stockholders notice shall be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices
of the Corporation not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first
anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than 30 days
prior to such anniversary date or delayed more than 60 days after such anniversary
date then to be timely such notice must be received by the Corporation not more than
the 120th day prior to the date of the meeting and not later than (i) the 90th day
prior to the date of the meeting or, (ii) if later, the 10th day following the day
on which public announcement of the date of the meeting was made. Such stockholders notice shall set forth (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate
for election or reelection as a director all information relating to such person that
is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors,
or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange
Act (including such persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving
as a director if elected); (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice (1) the name
and address, as they appear on the Corporations books, of such stockholder and (2) the class and number of shares of the Corporation
which are beneficially owned by such stockholder and a description of any agreement,
arrangement or understanding (including, regardless of the form of settlement, any
derivative, long or short positions, profit interests, forwards, futures, swaps, options,
warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions
and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into by or on behalf of, or any
other agreement, arrangement or understanding that has been made, the effect or intent
of which is to create or mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes
for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder with respect to
the Corporations securities, and (iii) the consent of each nominee to be named in the proxy and accompanying
proxy card and to serve as a director of the Corporation if so elected for a full
term until the next meeting at which such nominee would face re-election. For such nominations, a representation that the stockholder intends or is part of
a group which intends to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders
of at least the percentage of the Corporations outstanding capital stock required to elect any nominee and solicit the holders
of shares representing at least 67% of the voting power of shares entitled to vote
on the election of directors in support of director nominees other than the Corporations nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act. At the request of the board of directors, any person nominated by the board of directors for election as a director shall furnish to the secretary of the Corporation that
information required to be set forth in a stockholders notice of nomination which pertains to the nominee. No person shall be eligible to serve as a director of the Corporation unless nominated
in accordance with the procedures set forth in this bylaw. The chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to
the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed
by the bylaws, and if so determined, the chairman shall so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange
Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth
in this Section 2.10.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.10, in no event may a stockholder provide timely notice with respect to a greater number
of director candidates than are subject to election by stockholders at the annual
meeting or special meeting, as applicable.

(c) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be
conducted at any meeting of the stockholders except in accordance with the procedures
set forth in this Section 2.10.

-4-

(d) In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.10 with respect to any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting, each stockholder
providing notice as to nominations pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, with respect to
any such nominations.

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, unless otherwise required by law, (i) no such stockholder shall solicit proxies
in support of director nominees other than the Corporations nominees unless such stockholder has complied with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with the solicitation of such
proxies, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder
in a timely manner and (ii) if any such stockholder (1) provides notice pursuant to
Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) subsequently fails to comply with
the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act, including the provision to the Corporation
of notices required thereunder in a timely manner, or fails to timely provide reasonable
evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such stockholder has met the requirements
of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence,
then the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for such stockholders candidates. If any such stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, such stockholder shall deliver to the
Corporation, no later than seven (7) business days prior to the applicable meeting,
reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act.

Section 11. Notice of Business. At any meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall
have been brought before the meeting (a) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (b) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at
the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Section 2.11, who shall be entitled to vote at such meeting and who complies with the notice procedures
set forth in this Section 2.11. For business to be properly brought before a stockholder meeting by a stockholder,
the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary
of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholders notice shall be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices
of the Corporation not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than 30 days
prior to such anniversary date or delayed more than 60 days after such anniversary
date then to be timely such notice must be received by the Corporation not more than
the 120th day prior to the date of the meeting and not later than (i) the 90th day
prior to the date of the meeting or, (ii) if later, the 10th day following the day
on which public announcement of the date of the meeting was made. A stockholders notice to the secretary shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes
to bring before the meeting (a) a brief description of the business desired to be
brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting,
(b) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporations books, of the stockholder proposing such business, (c) the class and number of shares
of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by such stockholder and a description
of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including, regardless of the form
of settlement, any derivative, long or short positions, profit interests, forwards,
futures, swaps, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar
rights, hedging transactions and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered
into by or on behalf of, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding that
has been made, the effect or intent of which is to create or mitigate loss to, manage
risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power
of, such stockholder with respect to the Corporations securities (d) any material interest of the stockholder in such business. Notwithstanding anything in the bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted
at a stockholder meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this
Section 2.11, and (e) any other information relating to such item of business that would be required
to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection
with solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before
the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act. The chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to
the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting and in accordance
with the provisions of the bylaws, and if so determined, the chairman shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before
the meeting shall not be transacted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, provisions of
this Section 2.11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange
Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth
in this Section 2.11.

-5-

ARTICLE III.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 1. Duties and Powers. The business of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the
board of directors which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all
such lawful acts and things as are not by law or by the certificate of incorporation
or by these bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

Section 2. Number and Term of Office. The number of directors shall be fixed and may be changed from time to time by resolution
duly adopted by the board of directors, except as otherwise provided by law or the
certificate of incorporation. Except as provided in Section 3 and Section 4 of this Article, directors shall be elected by the holders of record of a plurality
of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled
to vote on the election of directors at annual meetings of stockholders, and each
director so elected shall hold office until such directors successor is duly elected and qualified or until such directors earlier resignation or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Directors need not be stockholders.

Section 3. Classified Board. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional
directors under specified circumstances, upon the filing of this Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, the directors shall be divided into three classes designated as
Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. The board of directors is authorized to assign members of the board of directors already
in office to such classes at the time the classification becomes effective. At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the initial classification of
the board of directors, the term of office of the Class I directors shall expire and Class I directors shall
be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following such initial classification,
the term of office of the Class II directors shall expire and Class II directors shall
be elected for a full term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following such initial classification,
the term of office of the Class III directors shall expire and Class III directors
shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, directors shall be elected for
a full term of three years to succeed the directors of the class whose terms expire
at such annual meeting.

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section, each director shall serve
until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier
death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting
the board of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Section 4. Vacancies. Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized
number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although
less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director or by the stockholders entitled
to vote at any annual or special meeting held in accordance with Article II, and the
directors so chosen shall hold office until the next annual or special meeting duly
called for that purpose and until their successors are duly elected and qualified,
or until their earlier resignation or removal.

Section 5. Meetings. The board of directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special,
either within or without the State of Delaware. The first meeting of each newly elected board of directors shall be held immediately
following the annual meeting of stockholders and no notice of such meeting shall be
necessary to be given the newly elected directors in order legally to constitute the
meeting, provided a quorum shall be present. Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time
and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the board of directors. Special meetings of the board of directors may be called by the chairman of the board,
the president or chief executive officer, or a majority of the directors then in office. Notice thereof stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each
director either by mail not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the date of the
meeting, by telephone or electronic means on twenty-four (24) hours notice, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may
deem necessary or appropriate in the circumstances. Meetings may be held at any time without notice if all the directors are present or
if all those not present waive such notice in accordance with Section 2 of Article VI of these bylaws.

-6-

Section 6. Quorum.
Except as may be otherwise specifically provided by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, at all meetings of the board
of directors, a majority of the directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority
of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors. If a quorum shall not
be present at any meeting of the board of directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without
notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

Section 7. Actions of Board Without a Meeting. Unless otherwise provided by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, any
action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors
or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board
of directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the
writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board of directors
or committee.

Section 8. Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone. Unless otherwise provided by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, members
of the board of directors of the Corporation, or any committee designated by the board
of directors, may participate in a meeting of the board of directors or such committee
by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of
which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation
in a meeting pursuant to this Section 7 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

Section 9. Committees. The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the directors then
in office, designate one (1) or more committees, each committee to consist of one
(1) or more of the directors of the Corporation. The board of directors may designate one (1) or more directors as alternate members
of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting
of any such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, and in the absence
of a designation by the board of directors of an alternate member to replace the absent
or disqualified member, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not
disqualified from voting, whether or not such members constitute a quorum, may unanimously
appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place
of any such absent or disqualified member. Any committee, to the extent allowed by law and provided in the bylaw or resolution
establishing such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority
of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation,
and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may
require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to
the following matters: (i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter
expressly required by the Delaware General Corporation Law to be submitted to stockholders
for approval or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the Corporation. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to the board of directors when
required.

Section 10. Compensation. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the
board of directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of
the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting
of the board of directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other
capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending
committee meetings.

Section 11. Resignation. Any director may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission
to the board of directors or to the secretary of the Corporation. The resignation of any director shall take effect upon receipt of notice thereof or
at such later time as shall be specified in such notice, and unless specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation
shall not be necessary to make it effective.

-7-

Section 12. Removal.

(a) Subject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors
under specified circumstances or remove such directors elected by the holders of such
series of Preferred Stock, neither the board of directors nor any individual director
may be removed without cause.

(b) Subject to any limitation imposed by applicable law and the rights of any series of
Preferred Stock to remove directors elected by the holders of such series of Preferred
Stock, any individual director or directors may be removed with cause by the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote generally at an election of directors, voting together as a single class.

ARTICLE IV.

OFFICERS

Section 1. General. The officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the board of directors and shall
consist of a president or a chief executive officer or both, a secretary, and a treasurer or a chief financial officer (or a position with the duties and responsibilities of a treasurer or chief financial officer). The board of directors may also appoint one (1) or more vice presidents, assistant
secretaries or assistant treasurers, and such other officers as the board of directors,
in its discretion, shall deem necessary or appropriate from time to time. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless the certificate of incorporation
or these bylaws otherwise provide.

Section 2. Election; Term of Office. The board of directors at its first meeting held after each annual meeting of stockholders
shall elect a chairman of the board, a president or a chief executive officer or both, a secretary, and a treasurer or a chief financial officer (or a position with the duties and responsibilities of a treasurer or chief financial officer), and may also elect at that meeting or any other meeting, such other officers
and agents as it shall deem necessary or appropriate. Each officer of the Corporation shall exercise such powers and perform such duties
as shall be determined from time to time by the board of directors together with the
powers and duties customarily exercised by such officer; and each officer of the Corporation
shall hold office until such officers successor is elected and qualified or until such officers earlier resignation or removal. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. The board of directors may at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative
vote of a majority of directors then in office, remove any officer.

Section 3. Chairman of the Board. The chairman of the board shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the
board of directors and shall have such other duties and powers as may be prescribed
by the board of directors from time to time.

Section 4. Chief Executive Officer. The chief executive officer of the Corporation shall have the general powers and duties
of management usually vested in the office of chief executive officer of a corporation,
including but not limited to, general and active management of the business of the
Corporation and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the board of directors
are carried into effect. The chief executive officer shall have and exercise such further powers and duties
as may be specifically delegated to or vested in the chief executive officer from
time to time by these bylaws or the board of directors. In the absence of the chairman of the board or in the event of his inability or refusal
to act, or if the board has not designated a chairman, the chief executive officer
shall perform the duties of the chairman of the board, and when so acting, shall have
all of the powers and be subject to all of the restrictions upon the chairman of the
board.

-8-

Section 5. President. The president of the Corporation shall have the general power and duties of management
usually vested in the office of president of a corporation, including but not limited to, general
supervision, direction and control of officers of the Corporation. The president shall have and exercise such further powers and duties as may be specifically
delegated to or vested in the president from time to time by these bylaws or the board
of directors. In the absence of the chief executive officer or in the event of such officers inability or refusal to act, or if the board has not designated a chief executive
officer, the president shall perform the duties of the chief executive officer, and
when so acting, shall have all of the powers and be subject to all of the restrictions
upon the chief executive officer.

Section 6. Vice President. In the absence of the president or chief executive officer, or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, the vice president (or in the event there be more than
one (1) vice president, the vice presidents in the order designated by the directors,
or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform
the duties of the president or chief executive officer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the
restrictions upon the president or chief executive officer. The vice presidents shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as
the board of directors or the president or chief executive officer may from time to time prescribe.

Section 7. Secretary. The secretary shall attend all meetings of the board of directors and all meetings
of stockholders and record all the proceedings thereat in a book or books to be kept
for that purpose; the secretary shall also perform like duties for the standing committees
when required. The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders
and special meetings of the board of directors, and shall perform such other duties
as may be prescribed by the board of directors or the president or chief executive officer. If the secretary shall be unable or shall refuse to cause to be given notice of all
meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the board of directors, and if
there be no assistant secretary, then either the board of directors or the president
or chief executive officer may choose another officer to cause such notice to be given. The secretary shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation and the secretary
or any assistant secretary, if there be one, shall have authority to affix the same
to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by the signature
of the secretary or by the signature of any such assistant secretary. The board of directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the
seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing by his or her signature. The secretary shall see that all books, reports, statements, certificates and other
documents and records required by law to be kept or filed are properly kept or filed,
as the case may be.

Section 8. Assistant Secretaries. Except as may be otherwise provided in these bylaws, assistant secretaries, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from
time to time may be assigned to them by the board of directors, the president or chief executive officer, or the secretary, and shall have the authority to perform all functions of
the secretary, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to
all the restrictions upon the secretary.

Section 9. Treasurer or Chief Financial Officer. The treasurer or chief financial officer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities, shall keep complete
and accurate accounts of all receipts and disbursements of the Corporation, and shall
deposit all monies and other valuable effects of the Corporation in its name and to
its credit in such banks and other depositories as may be designated from time to
time by the board of directors. The treasurer or chief financial officer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation, taking proper vouchers and receipts for
such disbursements, and shall render to the board of directors, at its regular meetings,
or when the board of directors so requires, an account of all his or her transactions
as treasurer or chief financial officer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. The treasurer or chief financial officer shall, when and if required by the board of directors, give and file with the Corporation
a bond, in such form and amount and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory
to the board of directors, for the faithful performance of his or her duties as treasurer. The treasurer or chief financial officer shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as the board of directors
or the president or chief executive officer shall from time to time prescribe.

-9-

Section 10. Assistant Treasurers. Except as may be otherwise provided in these bylaws, assistant treasurers, if there
be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be
assigned to them by the board of directors, the president or chief executive officer, or the treasurer, and shall have the authority to perform all functions of
the treasurer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to
all the restrictions upon the treasurer.

Section 11. Other Officers. Such other officers as the board of directors may choose shall perform such duties
and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the board of
directors. The board of directors may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the power
to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.

Section 12. Resignations and Removal. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the board of directors
(or to a principal officer if the board of directors has delegated to such principal
officer the power to appoint and to remove such officer). The resignation of any officer shall take effect upon receipt of notice thereof or
at such later time as shall be specified in such notice; and unless otherwise specified
therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

Except as otherwise permitted with respect to subordinate officers, any officer may
be removed, with or without cause, at any time, by resolution adopted by the board
of directors.

ARTICLE V.

STOCK

Section 1. Form of Certificates. The shares of the corporation shall be represented by certificates when any of such
shares are fully paid, provided that the board of directors of the corporation may
provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series
of its stock may or shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the corporation. Except as otherwise provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of
uncertificated shares and the rights and obligations of the holders of shares represented
by certificates of the same class and series shall be identical. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the board of directors, every
holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated
shares shall be entitled to have a certificate or certificates for shares signed in
the name of the corporation by the chairman of the board or the vice chairman of the
board or the president or chief executive officer or a vice president and by the treasurer or chief financial officer or an assistant treasurer or the secretary or an assistant secretary, certifying
the number of shares and the class or series of shares owned by the stockholder. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be by facsimile.

In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile
signature has been placed on a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer
agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation
with the same effect as if that person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar
at the date of issue.

Section 2. Signatures. Any or all the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile
signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer,
transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by
the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer
agent or registrar at the date of issue.

-10-

Section 3. Lost Certificates. The board of directors may direct a new certificate to be issued in place of any certificate
theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate
of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate, the board of directors may, in its discretion and as a
condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen
or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner as the board of directors
shall require and/or to give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect
to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

Section 4. Transfers. Shares of the stock of the Corporation may be transferred on the record of stockholders
of the Corporation by the holder thereof or by such holders duly authorized attorney upon surrender of a certificate therefor properly endorsed
or upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered holder of uncertificated
shares or by such holders duly authorized attorney and upon compliance with appropriate procedures for transferring
shares in uncertificated form, unless waived by the Corporation.

Section 5. Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of
or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled
to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights,
or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange
of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may
fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days nor less
than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days
prior to any other action. If no record date is fixed by the board of directors, the record date for determining
stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be
at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given,
or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day
on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting
of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however,
that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

Section 6. Beneficial Owners. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered
on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner,
and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the
owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim
to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or
not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by
law.

Section 7. Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments
relating to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and
on behalf of the Corporation by the chairman of the board, the president or chief executive officer, any vice president or the secretary and any such officer may, in the name of and
on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable
to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation
in which the Corporation may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess
and may exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities
and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed
if present. The board of directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon
any other person or persons.

-11-

ARTICLE VI.

NOTICES

Section 1. Notices. Whenever written notice is required by law, the certificate of incorporation or these
bylaws, to be given to any director, member of a committee or stockholder, such notice
may be given by mail, addressed to such director, member of a committee or stockholder,
at such persons address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid,
and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited
in the United States mail. Written notice may also be given personally or by telegram, telex, facsimile or cable
or other electronic means and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time
of receipt thereof if given personally or at the time of transmission thereof if given
by telegram, telex, facsimile or cable or other electronic means.

Section 2. Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required by law, the certificate of incorporation or these
bylaws to be given to any director, member or a committee or stockholder, a waiver
thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether
before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice.

ARTICLE VII.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 1. Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of
the certificate of incorporation, if any, may be declared by the board of directors
at any regular or special meeting or by any Committee of the board of directors having
such authority at any meeting thereof, and may be paid in cash, in property, in shares
of the capital stock or in any combination thereof. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation
available for dividends such sum or sums as the board of directors from time to time,
in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies,
or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation,
or for any proper purpose, and the board of directors may modify or abolish any such
reserve.

Section 2. Disbursements. All notes, checks, drafts and orders for the payment of money issued by the Corporation
shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by such officers or such other persons
as the board of directors may from time to time designate.

Section 3. Corporate Seal. The corporate seal, if the Corporation shall have a corporate seal, shall have inscribed
thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words Corporate
Seal, Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed
or reproduced or otherwise.

Section 4. Forum Selection. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court
for the District of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom shall be the sole
and exclusive forum for the following claims or causes of action under the Delaware
statutory or common law: (i) any derivative claim or cause of action brought on behalf
of the Corporation; (ii) any claim or cause of action for breach of a fiduciary duty
owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Corporation,
to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders; (iii) any claim or cause of action, arising out of or pursuant to
any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Corporations certificate of incorporation, or these bylaws (as each may be amended from time
to time); (iv) any claim or cause of action against the Corporation or any current
or former director, officer or other employee of the Corporation, governed by the
internal-affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and
subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named
as defendants. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital
stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions
of this bylaw.

-12-

ARTICLE VIII.

DIRECTORS LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

Section 1. Directors Liability. A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or
its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director,
except for liability (i) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions
not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of
law, (iii) pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which
the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to authorize corporate action further
eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of
a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended. Any repeal or modification of this provision shall not adversely affect any right
or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal
or modification.

This Section 1 is also contained in Article VIII of the Corporations certificate of incorporation, as amended from time to time, and accordingly, may be altered, amended or repealed only to the extent and at the
time such certificate article is altered, amended or repealed.

Section 2. Right to Indemnification. Each person who was or is made a party to or is threatened to be made a party to or
is involuntarily involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (a Proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
or is or was serving (during his or her tenure as director and/or officer) at the
request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another Corporation
or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, whether the basis of
such Proceeding is an alleged action or inaction in an official capacity as a director
or officer or in any other capacity while serving as a director or officer, shall
be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized
by the Delaware General Corporation Law (or other applicable law), as the same exists
or may hereafter be amended, against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement)
reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection with such Proceeding. Such director or officer shall have the right to be paid by the Corporation for expenses
incurred in defending any such Proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided,
however, that, if the Delaware General Corporation Law (or other applicable law) requires,
the payment of such expenses in advance of the final disposition of any such Proceeding
shall be made only upon receipt by the Corporation of an undertaking by or on behalf
of such director or officer to repay all amounts so advanced if it should be determined
ultimately that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article or
otherwise.

Section 3. Right of Claimant to Bring Suit. If a claim under Section 2 of this Article is not paid in full by the Corporation within ninety (90) days after
a written claim has been received by the Corporation, the claimant may at any time
thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the
claim, together with interest thereon, and, if successful in whole or in part, the
claimant shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim,
including reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection therewith. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce
a claim for expenses incurred in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final
disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been tendered
to the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct which make
it permissible under the Delaware General Corporation Law (or other applicable law)
for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden
of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (or of its full board of directors, its directors
who are not parties to the Proceeding with respect to which indemnification is claimed,
its stockholders, or independent legal counsel) to have made a determination prior
to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper
in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct
set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law (or other applicable law), nor an
actual determination by any such person or persons that such claimant has not met
such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to such action or create a
presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

-13-

Section 4. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred by this Article shall not be exclusive of any other right which
any director, officer, representative, employee or other agent may have or hereafter
acquire under the Delaware General Corporation Law or any other statute, or any provision
contained in the Corporations certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or any agreement, or pursuant to a vote
of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.

Section 5. Insurance and Trust Fund. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute:

(1) the Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is
or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is serving at
the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against any liability
asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his
status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him
against such liability under the provisions of law; and

(2) the Corporation may create a trust fund, grant a security interest and/or use other
means (including, without limitation, letters of credit, surety bonds and/or other
similar arrangements), as well as enter into contracts providing indemnification to
the fullest extent permitted by law and including as part thereof provisions with
respect to any or all of the foregoing, to ensure the payment of such amount as may
become necessary to effect indemnification as provided therein, or elsewhere.

Section 6. Indemnification of Employees and Agents of the Corporation. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the board of directors,
grant rights to indemnification, including the right to be paid by the Corporation
the expenses incurred in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition,
to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions
of this Article VIII or otherwise with respect to the indemnification and advancement
of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation.

Section 7. Amendment. Any repeal or modification of this Article VIII shall not change the rights of an
officer or director to indemnification with respect to any action or omission occurring
prior to such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE IX.

AMENDMENTS

Section 1. Board of Directors. In furtherance and not in limitation of the power conferred upon the board of directors
by law, the board of directors shall have the power to make, adopt, alter, amend and
repeal from time to time the bylaws of this Corporation, subject to the right of the
stockholders entitled to vote with respect thereto to alter and repeal bylaws made
by the board of directors.

Section 2. Stockholders. The stockholders shall also have the power to adopt, amend, alter, or repeal the bylaws;
provided that, in addition to any affirmative vote of the holders of any particular
class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by applicable law or
this Restated Certificate, such adoption, amendment, alteration, or repeal shall be
approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the total voting power
of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote, voting together as a single class.

-14-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>neonctechnologies_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

NeOnc Technologies Holdings Announces Effectiveness

of Registration Statement and Anticipated
Listing Date

of Common Stock on Nasdaq Global Market

Anticipated Listing March 26, Nasdaq Global Market: Symbol NTHI 

Westlake Village, California March 25, 2025 NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NeOnc or the Company, to be listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol: NTHI), a clinical-stage medical biotechnology company, today announced that its registration statement on Form S-1, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC), relating to a proposed public direct listing of its
common stock, has been declared effective by the SEC. The Company anticipates that its common stock will begin trading on the Nasdaq Global Market
under ticker symbol NTHI on March 26, 2025.

A copy of the prospectus related to the registration statement may be obtained by visiting
EDGAR on the SEC website or via the investor relations page of NeOncs website at neonctech.com.

This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer
to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state
or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior
to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About NeOnc Technologies, Holdings, Inc.

NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc. is a clinical-stage life sciences company focused
on the development and commercialization of central nervous system therapeutics that
are designed to address the persistent challenges in overcoming the blood-brain barrier.

The Companys NEO drug development platform has produced a portfolio of novel drug candidates and
delivery methods with patent protections extending to 2038. These proprietary chemotherapy
agents have demonstrated positive effects in laboratory tests on various types of
cancers and in clinical trials treating malignant gliomas. NeOncs NEO100 and NEO212 therapeutics are in Phase II human clinical trials and are advancing
under FDA Fast-Track and Investigational New Drug (IND) status.

The Company has exclusively licensed an extensive worldwide patent portfolio from the University
of Southern California, consisting of issued patents and pending applications related to NEO100, NEO212,
and other products from the NeOnc patent family for multiple uses, including oncological
and neurological conditions.

For more about NeOnc and its pioneering technology, visit neonctech.com.

Important Cautions Regarding Forward Looking
Statements

All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this press release
are forward-looking statements (as defined in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995). Generally, such forward-looking statements include statements
regarding our expectations, possible or assumed future actions, business strategies,
events, or results of operations, including statements regarding our expectations
or predictions or future financial or business performance or conditions and those
statements that use forward-looking words such as projected, expect, possibility
and anticipate, or similar expressions. The achievement or success of the matters
covered by such forward-looking statements involve significant risks, uncertainties,
and assumptions. Actual results could differ materially from current projections or
implied results.

The Company cautions that statements and assumptions made in this news release constitute
forward-looking statements without guaranteeing future performance. Forward-looking
statements are based on estimates and opinions of management at the time statements
are made. The information set forth herein speaks only as of the date hereof. The
Company and its management are under no obligation, and expressly disclaim any obligation,
to update, alter, or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements following the
date of this news release, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise,
except as required by law.

Company Contact:

Patrick Walters

Chief Operations Officer

NeOnc Technologies Holdings, Inc.

info@neonc.com

Investor Relations:

Roger Pondel / Laurie Berman

PondelWilkinson Inc.

(310) 279-5980

rpondel@pondel.com

lberman@pondel.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cik0001979414-20250325.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cik0001979414-20250325_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cik0001979414-20250325_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cik0001979414-20250325_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 25, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-42567

Entity Registrant Name NEONC TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC

Entity Central Index Key 0001979414

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-1954864

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2 Dole Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Westlake Village

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 91362

City Area Code (310)

Local Phone Number 663-7831

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol NTHI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://CIK0001979414/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cik0001979414-20250325.xsd 
cik0001979414-20250325_lab.xml 
cik0001979414-20250325_pre.xml 
neonctechnologies_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-002097-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>neonctechnologies_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001979414 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001979414 
8-K 
2025-03-25 
NEONC TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC 
DE 
001-42567 
92-1954864 
2 Dole Drive 
Westlake Village 
CA 
91362 
(310) 
663-7831 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 
NTHI 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>