<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-039211.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-039211.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227160520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-039211
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250222
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Scilex Holding Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001820190
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39852
		FILM NUMBER:		25678658

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		960 SAN ANTONIO ROAD
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94303
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 516-4310

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		960 SAN ANTONIO ROAD
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Scilex Holding Company/DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20221117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vickers Vantage Corp. I
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200804
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d859484d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

Scilex Holding Cofalse000182019000018201902025-02-222025-02-220001820190sclxw:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShare2Member2025-02-222025-02-220001820190sclxw:WarrantsToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtAnExercisePriceOf11.50PerShare1Member2025-02-222025-02-22

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 22, 2025

SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39852 92-1062542

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

960 San Antonio Road, Palo Alto, California, 94303

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (650)516-4310

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share SCLX The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants to purchase one share of common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share SCLXW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

ZTlido Rest of World License Agreement 

As previously announced by Scilex Holding Company (the Company) on October 8, 2024, the Company entered into that certain Rest of World License Term Sheet (the ROW Term Sheet) with certain investors, pursuant to which the parties agreed to negotiate in good faith additional agreements required to effectuate such term sheet. 

On February 22, 2025 (the Lido Effective Date), Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Scilex Pharma) entered into a License Agreement (the Lido License Agreement) with RoyaltyVest Ltd. (the Licensee) with respect to services, compositions, products, dosages and formulations comprising lidocaine that have been or are later developed by or on behalf of Scilex Pharma, including the product and any future product defined as a Product under Scilex Pharmas existing (i) Product Development Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2011, with Oishi Koseido Co., Ltd. (Oishi) and Itochu Chemical Frontier Corporation (Itochu), as amended, and (ii) the associated Commercial Supply Agreement, dated February 16, 2017, between Scilex Pharma, Oishi and Itochu, as amended, which include (a) ZTlido (lidocaine topical system) 1.8%, including the composition of matter with the NDC 69557-111-30 and (b) SP-103 (collectively, the Lido Product). The Lido License Agreement supersedes and replaces the ROW Term Sheet. 

Under the Lido License Agreement, Scilex Pharma granted to the Licensee during the Lido License Term (as defined below) a worldwide (other than the United States and certain territories stated in the Lido License Agreement), exclusive, non-transferable right, license and interest in, to, and under all Product Rights Controlled (each as defined therein) by Scilex Pharma to develop, manufacture, obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for, commercialize and otherwise exploit all Lido Products, in all cases solely for commercialization of the Lido Products outside of the United States and certain territories stated in the Lido License Agreement (the Lido Licensee Territory). The Licensee granted to Scilex Pharma a non-exclusive,non-transferable, right and license under the Licensee Non-Blocking Patents (as defined therein) (i) in the Licensor Territory (as defined therein), to develop, manufacture, obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for, commercialize and otherwise exploit Lido Product for commercialization of Lido Products in the Licensor Territory in the Field (each as defined therein), and (ii) worldwide, to develop and manufacture Lido Product for commercialization in the Licensor Territory in the Field (each as defined therein). Each of the Licensee and Scilex Pharma will receive 50% of the Net Revenue (as defined therein) generated, and the Licensee shall effect the foregoing by paying to Scilex Pharma its share of the Net Revenue on a quarterly basis. 

Pursuant to the Lido License Agreement, the Licensee shall (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for the Lido Product in at least one Major Market Country (as defined therein) within 18 months after the Lido Effective Date, and (ii) commit $200,000, or its equivalent in kind, annually towards such efforts until it obtains regulatory approval for the Lido Product in the Lido Licensee Territory. Scilex Pharma shall use commercially reasonable and diligent efforts to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for SP-103 and all existing Lido Products in each country or jurisdiction in the Licensor Territory (as defined therein). 

Promptly after the Lido Effective Date, Scilex Pharma is required to (i) facilitate an introduction between Oishi, Itochu, and the Licensee, and (ii) use reasonable efforts to cause each of Oishi and Itochu to accept a direct engagement with the Licensee for the manufacturing or supply of the Lido Product in finished dosage form. In addition, Scilex Pharma agreed to appoint the Licensee as its exclusive distributor of the Lido Product in the Licensee Territory during the Lido License Term. 

The term of the Lido License Agreement commences on the Lido Effective Date and continues until expiration of the last to expire Licensed Patents (as defined therein), unless earlier terminated (the Lido License Term). 

The foregoing summary of the Lido License Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Lido License Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

2 

Parent Guarantee for Lido License Agreement 

On February 22, 2025, in connection with Lido License Agreement, the Company entered into that certain Parent Guarantee for Lidocaine License Agreement (the Parent Guarantee) with the Licensee, pursuant to which the Company agreed to guarantee the due and proper performance of Scilex Pharmas obligations under the Lido License Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth in the Parent Guarantee. Pursuant to the terms of the Parent Guarantee, the Company shall provide the Licensee with written notice of any Change of Control (as defined therein) of Scilex Pharma within five business days after the consummation of such Change of Control, and the Parent Guarantee and the guarantee obligations shall automatically terminate upon the consummation of such Change of Control. 

The foregoing summary of the Parent Guarantee does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Parent Guarantee, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1# License Agreement (ZTlido), dated February 22, 2025, by and between Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc. and RoyaltyVest Ltd. 

10.2 Parent Guarantee for Lidocaine License Agreement, dated February 22, 2025, by and between Scilex Holding Company and RoyaltyVest Ltd. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL).

# 

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601. The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

3 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY

By: 

/s/ Jaisim Shah

Name: Jaisim Shah

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

Date: February 27, 2025 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d859484dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

LIDOCAINE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

dated as of February 22, 2025 

by and between 

SCILEX
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

as Licensor 

and 

ROYALTYVEST LTD.

as Licensee 

ARTICLE I DEFINED TERMS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 1 

Section 1.1 Defined Terms 1 

Section 1.2 Rules of Construction 9 

ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 10 

Section 2.1 Mutual Representation and Warranties 10 

Section 2.2 Licensor Representations and Warranties 11 

Section 2.3 Licensor Covenant 12 

Section 2.4 Mutual Covenant 12 

Section 2.5 Disclaimer 13 

ARTICLE III LICENSES 13 

Section 3.1 Licenses 13 

Section 3.2 Sublicenses 14 

Section 3.3 Access to Licensed Know-How 14 

Section 3.4 Territory 14 

ARTICLE IV DEVELOPMENT 15 

Section 4.1 Development by Licensor 15 

Section 4.2 Development by Licensee 15 

Section 4.3 Data Exchange and Use 16 

ARTICLE V REGULATORY 16 

Section 5.1 Regulatory Responsibilities 16 

Section 5.2 Coordination 16 

Section 5.3 Regulatory Assistance 17 

Section 5.4 Adverse Events Reporting 17 

Section 5.5 Remedial Actions 18 

Section 5.6 No Additional Compensation 18 

ARTICLE VI SUPPLY 18 

Section 6.1 Supply of Product 18 

Section 6.2 Quality Agreement 19 

ARTICLE VII COMMERCIALIZATION 19 

Section 7.1 Appointment as Exclusive Distributor 19 

Section 7.2 Diligence 19 

Section 7.3 Exclusivity 19 

Section 7.4 Assistance 19 

Section 7.5 Coordination 19 

Section 7.6 Product Trademarks 20 

i 

ARTICLE VIII GOVERNANCE 20 

Section 8.1 Joint Steering Committee 20 

Section 8.2 Joint Commercialization Committee 21 

Section 8.3 Alliance Managers 22 

Section 8.4 Scope of Governance 22 

ARTICLE IX FINANCIAL TERMS 23 

Section 9.1 Revenue Share 23 

Section 9.2 Revenue Reports and Payments 23 

Section 9.3 Payment Provisions 23 

Section 9.4 Records; Audits 24 

ARTICLE X INDEMNITY 24 

Section 10.1 By Licensor 24 

Section 10.2 By Licensee 25 

Section 10.3 Procedure 25 

Section 10.4 No Consequential Damages 25 

ARTICLE XI CONFIDENTIALITY 26 

Section 11.1 Confidentiality 26 

Section 11.2 Permitted Disclosure 26 

Section 11.3 Public Announcement 27 

ARTICLE XII REGISTERED IP RIGHTS 28 

Section 12.1 Prosecution and Maintenance 28 

Section 12.2 Enforcement 28 

Section 12.3 Third-Party Infringement Claims 29 

Section 12.4 Registration of License 29 

Section 12.5 Registered IP Rights Licensed from Third Parties 29 

ARTICLE XIII TERM AND TERMINATION 29 

Section 13.1 Term 29 

Section 13.2 Termination by Licensee 30 

Section 13.3 Termination for Cause 30 

Section 13.4 Effects of Expiration or Termination 30 

ii 

ARTICLE XIV DISPUTE RESOLUTION 31 

Section 14.1 General 31 

Section 14.2 Continuance of Rights and Obligations during Pendency of Dispute Resolution 31 

Section 14.3 Escalation 32 

Section 14.4 Arbitration 32 

Section 14.5 Injunctive Relief 33 

ARTICLE XV MISCELLANEOUS 33 

Section 15.1 Force Majeure 33 

Section 15.2 Notices 33 

Section 15.3 Successors and Assigns 34 

Section 15.4 Rights in Bankruptcy 35 

Section 15.5 Performance 35 

Section 15.6 Fees 35 

Section 15.7 Independent Nature of Relationship 35 

Section 15.8 Entire Agreement 35 

Section 15.9 Non-Contravention 35 

Section 15.10 Governing Law 35 

Section 15.11 Severability 36 

Section 15.12 Counterparts 36 

Section 15.13 Amendments; No Waivers 36 

Section 15.14 No Third Party Rights 36 

Section 15.15 Table of Contents and Headings 36 

Exhibits 

Exhibit A: Licensed Patents

Exhibit B: Licensed Marks

Exhibit C: Licensor Territory

iii 

LIDOCAINE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

This LIDOCAINE LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 22, 2025 (the Effective
Date), is by and between SCILEX PHARMACEUTICALS INC., a Delaware corporation (Licensor), and ROYALTYVEST LTD., a British Virgin Islands corporation (Licensee). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, Licensor, Licensor Parent (as defined below), and Licensee entered into that Rest of World License Term Sheet, dated as of
October 8, 2024 (the Term Sheet); and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Term Sheet, the parties are to negotiate in good
faith additional agreements required to effectuate the Term Sheet, including this Agreement, and accordingly desire to enter into this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements, representations and warranties set forth herein and of other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties covenant and agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINED TERMS
AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 

Section 1.1 Defined Terms . The following terms, as used herein, have the following respective
meanings, and grammatical variations have corresponding meanings: 

Adverse Event means any unwanted or harmful medical
occurrence in a patient or subject who is administered a Product, including any undesirable sign (including abnormal laboratory findings of clinical concern). 

Affiliate means, with respect to any designated Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is
controlled by or is under common control with such designated Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of Equity Interests, by contract or otherwise, and the terms controlled and controlling have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Applicable Law means, with respect to any Person, all laws, rules, regulations and orders of Governmental Authorities
applicable to such Person, the conduct of its business, or any of its properties, products or assets. 

Business Day
means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by Applicable Law to remain closed. 

CMO has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(c). 

1 

Commercialization means, with respect to the Product, any and all
processes and activities directed to selling, offering for sale (including any application for marketing and pricing and reimbursement approvals), distributing, detailing, marketing, advertising, promoting, packaging, storing, transporting,
distributing, importing, and other commercial exploitation activities; provided, however, that Commercialization shall exclude Development and Manufacturing activities (including manufacturing activities related to Commercialization).
Commercialize and Commercializing shall have their correlative meanings. 

Commercially
Reasonable and Diligent Efforts means, measured objectively from the perspective of a prudent executive in the pharmaceutical industry, deploying those efforts and resources necessary and useful to obtain the stated objective without
consideration of the economic impact of any payment obligations under this Agreement and includes expenditures of amounts typical to achieve the obligation, delegating to Third Parties such obligation solely as is prudent, and is limited only as to
the absence of an obligation not to take unreasonable, unwarranted or impractical efforts and expenditures of time and money out of all proportion to economic reality. For the avoidance of doubt, Commercially Reasonable and Diligent Efforts may not
and, as a covenant, shall not include consideration of other products or projects of the obligor and/or the potential impact on the short term economic status of the obligor. Both Parties agree the foregoing standard is not vague. 

Commercially Reasonable Efforts means, 

(a) with respect to any Intellectual Property Rights in any country, efforts or actions that would be commercially reasonable for an owner and
licensor of such Intellectual Property Rights in such country, which owner and licensor is entitled to the full economic benefit of such Intellectual Property Rights without regard to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other
business of, or assets owned by, such owner and licensor; and 

(b) for purposes of Development, obtaining and maintaining Regulatory
Approvals, and Commercialization, with respect to the efforts to be expended, or considerations to be undertaken, by a Party with respect to any objective, activity or decision to be undertaken hereunder, reasonable, good faith efforts to accomplish
such objective, activity or decision as a prudent company in the biotechnology industry of a size comparable to such Party and its Affiliates, taken as a whole, would normally use to accomplish a similar objective, activity or decision under similar
circumstances, it being understood and agreed that with respect to the Exploitation of Products, such Party may take into account: (i) issues of efficacy, safety, and expected and actual approved labeling, (ii) the expected and actual
competitiveness of alternative products sold by third parties in the marketplace, (iii) the likelihood of Regulatory Approval or pricing restrictions given the regulatory structure involved, including regulatory or data exclusivity, and
(iv) the expected and actual profitability of the Products, all as measured by the facts and circumstances in existence at the time such efforts are due. 

Compliance Laws means all Applicable Laws relating to (a) the prevention of bribery, corruption, fraud, or improper
payments, money laundering or counter-terrorist financing or (b) export controls, economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by any Governmental Authority. 

Confidential Information has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1. 

2 

Contract means any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract, covenant,
arrangement, instrument, commitment, purchase order, license, or agreement of any kind, whether oral or written. 

Control (including any variations such as Controlled and Controlling), in the context
of Intellectual Property Rights, data and/or other information or assets, means that such Party owns or possesses rights to such Intellectual Property Rights, data and/or other information or assets, as applicable, sufficient to grant the applicable
license or sublicense under this Agreement, without violating the terms of an agreement with a Third Party. 

Development means pre-clinical and clinical research and drug development
activities, including but not limited to toxicology, pharmacology, statistical analysis, clinical studies (including pre- and post-approval studies), regulatory affairs, and regulatory activities pertaining to
designing and carrying out clinical studies and obtaining Regulatory Approvals (excluding regulatory activities directed to obtaining pricing and reimbursement approvals). Develop and Developing shall have their correlative
meanings. 

Development Agreement means the Product Development Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2011, by and among
Stason Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Oishi Koseido Co., Ltd (Oishi) and Itochu Chemical Frontier Corporation (Itochu), as amended by (a) the First Amendment to Product Development Agreement, dated as of
April 2, 2013, by and among Scilex Pharmaceuticals, LLC, Oishi and Itochu, (b) the Second Amendment to Product Development Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2017, by and among Licensor, Oishi and Itochu, (c) the Third Amendment
to Product Development Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2018, by and among Licensor, Oishi and Itochu, (d) the Fourth Amendment to Product Development Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2019, by and among Licensor, Oishi and Itochu
and (e) the Fifth Amendment to Product Development Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2021, by and among Licensor, Oishi and Itochu. 

Disclosing Party has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1. 

Dollar or the sign $ means United States dollars. 

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the (a) shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or
profit interests in) such Person, (b) warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, (c) securities convertible into
or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and (d) other
ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member, membership or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any
date of determination. 

Exploit and Exploitation means, with respect to a product such as a Product,
the research, study, development, formulation, processing, engineering, manufacture, testing, seeking and obtaining Regulatory Approval, use, sale, offer for sale (including marketing and promotion) and distribution (including importing, exporting,
transporting, customs clearance, warehousing, invoicing, storage, handling and delivering) or other commercialization of such product. 

FDA means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and any successor agency thereto. 

3 

Field means the prevention, diagnosis, treatment, or cure of any disease,
state, condition, or other indication in humans. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect in the
United States from time to time. 

GCP means all applicable Good Clinical Practice standards for the design, conduct,
performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analyses, and reporting of clinical trials, including, as applicable (a) as set forth in the International Conference on Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals
for Human Use Harmonized Tripartite Guideline for Good Clinical Practice (CPMP/ICH/135/95) and any other guidelines for good clinical practice for trials on medicinal products in the applicable territory, (b) the Declaration of Helsinki
(2004) as last amended at the 52nd World Medical Association in October 2000 and any further amendments or clarifications thereto, (c) U.S. Code of Federal Regulations Title 21, Parts 50 (Protection of Human Subjects), 56 (Institutional
Review Boards) and 312 (Investigational New Drug Application), as may be amended from time to time, or (d) the equivalent Applicable Laws in the applicable territory, each as may be amended and applicable from time to time and in each case,
that provide for, among other things, assurance that the clinical data and reported results are credible and accurate and protect the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial subjects. 

GLP means all applicable Good Laboratory Practice standards, including, as applicable, as set forth in the then current
good laboratory practice standards promulgated or endorsed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as defined in 21 C.F.R. Part 58, or the equivalent Applicable Laws in the applicable territory, each as may be amended and applicable from time to
time. 

GMP means good manufacturing practices and standards for the production of drugs promulgated or endorsed by the
FDA, as set forth in 21 C.F.R. Parts 210, 211, 600 through 680, 820, and 1271, as applicable, or comparable regulatory standards promulgated by any other Governmental Authority in the applicable territory. 

Governmental Authority means the government of any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or
local, and any agency, authority (including supranational authority), commission, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other Person exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or
functions of or pertaining to government, including each patent office, the FDA and any other government authority in any country. 

In-License means each license, settlement agreement or other agreement or
arrangement between Licensor or any of its Affiliates and any Third Party pursuant to which Licensor or any of its Affiliates obtains a license or sublicense or a covenant not to sue or similar grant of rights to any patents or other intellectual
property rights of such Third Party that is necessary for the Exploitation of a Product in the Field in the Licensee Territory. Without limiting the foregoing, the Development Agreement and the Supply Agreement constitute In-Licenses.

Intellectual Property Rights means any and all of the following:
(a) Patents, (b) all rights in Know-How, (c) all rights in Trademarks, and (d) all other forms of intellectual property or proprietary rights of any kind in any jurisdiction throughout the
world. 

Joint Commercialization Committee or JCC means the joint commercialization committee,
comprising representatives of Licensor and Licensee, described in Section 8.2. 

4 

Joint Steering Committee or JSC means the joint
steering committee, comprising representatives of Licensor and Licensee, described in Section 8.1. 

Know-How means any and all technical, scientific, regulatory, and other information, results, knowledge, techniques and data, in whatever form and whether or not confidential, patented or patentable,
including inventions, invention disclosures, discoveries, plans, processes, practices, methods, knowledge, trade secrets, know-how, instructions, skill, experience, ideas, concepts, data (including biological,
chemical, pharmacological, toxicological, pharmaceutical, physical and analytical, safety, quality control, and pre-clinical and clinical data), formulae, formulations, compositions, specifications, marketing,
commercialization, pricing, distribution, cost, sales and manufacturing data or descriptions, and all chemical or biological materials and other tangible materials. 

Licensed IP Rights means the Licensed Patents, the Licensed Know-How, rights to
data, contracts, or any other right Controlled by Licensor that are reasonably necessary or useful to Develop, Manufacture, obtain or maintain Regulatory Approvals for, or Commercialize Product in the Field in the Licensee Territory. 

Licensed Know-How means all Know-How
(including all trade secret and know-how rights in and to the foregoing) Controlled by Licensor as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term that are reasonably necessary or useful to Develop,
Manufacture, obtain or maintain Regulatory Approvals, or Commercialize Product in the Field in the Licensee Territory. Licensed Know-How includes all Know-How received
by Licensor under or in connection with the Development Agreement or the Supply Agreement that is reasonably necessary or useful to Develop, Manufacture, obtain or maintain Regulatory Approvals for, Commercialize, and otherwise Exploit Products in
the Field in the Licensee Territory. 

Licensed Marks means the Trademarks that are Controlled by Licensor and used in
connection with the packaging and labeling of Product, as listed on Exhibit B, together with all rights in the foregoing. 

Licensed Patents means (a) the Patents listed on Exhibit A, together with all Patents that claim priority from,
or common priority with, any of the foregoing, as well as (b) all Patents Controlled by Licensor as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term that are reasonably necessary or useful to Develop, Manufacture, obtain or maintain
Regulatory Approvals for, or Commercialize Product in the Field in the Licensee Territory. Licensed Patents include all Patents claiming or covering Product, or composition of matter, formulation, or methods of manufacture or use thereof, that are
Controlled by Licensor or any of its Affiliates, whether as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term. 

Licensee
Development Activities means all research, Development, Manufacturing, and other activities reasonably required to support Regulatory Filings for Product in the Licensee Territory for use in the Field. 

Licensee Non-Blocking Patents means all Patents Controlled by Licensee as of the
Effective Date or at any time during the Term that are reasonably necessary or useful to Develop, Manufacture, obtain or maintain Regulatory Approvals for, or Commercialize Product in the Field in the Licensor Territory. 

Licensee Supply Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(c). 

Licensee Territory means the entire world other than the Licensor Territory. 

5 

Licensor Development Activities means all research, Development,
Manufacturing, and other activities reasonably required to support Regulatory Filings for SP-103.

Licensor Development Agreements means all Contracts between Licensor and any other Person related to the performance of any
Licensor Development Activities. 

Licensor Parent means Scilex Holding Company, a Delaware corporation. 

Licensor Regulatory Agreements means all Contracts between Licensor and any other Person related to Licensors
performance of Section 5.1(b). 

Licensor Territory means, subject to Section 3.4, the countries listed on
Exhibit C, together with their respective territories and possessions. 

Major Market Country means the following
countries in the Licensee Territory: Canada, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and each member country of the European Economic Area as of the Effective Date. 

Manufacture means activities directed to manufacturing, processing, packaging, labeling, filling, finishing, assembly,
shipping, storage, or freight of any pharmaceutical or biologic product (or any components or process steps involving any product or any companion diagnostic), placebo, or comparator agent, as the case may be, including quality assurance and
stability testing, characterization testing, quality control release testing of drug substance and drug product, quality assurance batch record review and release of product, process development, qualification, and validation, scale-up,pre-clinical, clinical, and commercial manufacture and analytic development, and product characterization, but excluding activities directed to Development.
Manufacturing and Manufactured shall have their correlative meanings. 

Net Revenue means
(a) for so long as aggregate Net Sales and Net Sublicensing Revenue are less than aggregate Qualifying Expenses, zero dollars ($0), and (b) thereafter, the sum of Net Sales and Net Sublicensing Revenue, less all Qualifying Expenses.

Net Sales means, with respect to any Product, the total amount received or recognized as revenue by Licensee in
respect of sales by Licensee to customers of the Products, less all applicable deductions, to the extent accrued, paid or allowed in the ordinary course of business with respect to the sale of the Products, including: (a) cash discounts,
quantity discounts, promotional discounts, stocking or other promotional allowances; (b) sales and excise taxes, customs and any other indirect taxes; (c) freight, insurance and other transportation charges; (d) returns, recalls, and
returned goods allowances; (e) retroactive corrections including price adjustments and corrections for billing errors or shipping errors; and (f) chargebacks, rebates, administrative fees, any other allowances actually granted or allowed
to any entity including group purchasing organizations, managed health care organizations and to governments, including their agencies, or to trade customers. 

Net Sales shall not include transfers or dispositions for charitable, promotional, pre-clinical,
clinical, regulatory, or governmental purposes. Net Sales shall not include sales between or among Licensee or its Affiliates. 

6 

Net Sublicensing Revenue means the total amount received or recognized as
revenue by Licensee in consideration for the grant by Licensee of a license, immunity, or other right under the Licensed IP Rights to Commercialize a Product, but excluding (a) equity or debt investments in, or loan proceeds to, Licensee,
(b) payments by Sublicensees for bona fide research, development, manufacturing or commercialization activities (including payments for full-time equivalents), and (c) amounts received to reimburse Licensee for Development or similar
services conducted for Product. 

Non-Blocking License has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.1(d). 

Out-License means each license, settlement agreement
or other agreement or arrangement between Licensor or any of its Affiliates and any Third Party pursuant to which Licensor or any of its Affiliates grants a license, sublicense or similar grant of any Product Application, Regulatory Approval or
Intellectual Property Right that is necessary or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of a Product in the Field in the Licensee Territory. 

Party means Licensor or Licensee, as the context requires, and Parties means, together, Licensor and
Licensee. 

Patents means any and all issued patents and pending patent applications, including without limitation, all
provisional applications, substitutions, continuations, continuations-in part, divisions, and renewals, all letters patent granted thereon, and all patents-of-addition, reissues, reexaminations, inter partes reviews, and extensions or restorations by existing or future extension or restoration mechanisms (including regulatory extensions), and all
supplementary protection certificates, together with any foreign counterparts thereof anywhere. 

Person means any
natural person, firm, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority or any other legal entity, including public bodies, whether acting
in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity. 

Product means services, compositions, products, dosages, and
formulations comprising lidocaine that have been or are later developed by or on behalf of Licensor, including the product and any future product defined as a Product under the Development Agreement and the Supply Agreement, which
include (a) ZTlido (lidocaine topical system) 1.8%, including the composition of matter with the NDC 69557-111-30, and
(b) SP-103.

Product Application means an application for Regulatory
Approval to research, study, develop, formulate, process, engineer, manufacture, test, use, market, sell, offer for sale and distribute a product or drug in a country or region, including (a) a New Drug Application, (b) an Investigational
New Drug Application, (c) any corresponding foreign application in any country or jurisdiction in the world and (d) all supplements, amendments, variations, extensions and renewals thereof that may be filed with respect to the foregoing.

Product Rights means all rights, tangible and otherwise, with respect to any Product, including all rights to develop,
out-license, sell, offer to sell, make, have made, import, export and otherwise commercialize or derive profit including the Licensed IP Rights and all Regulatory Approvals and other Regulatory Filings related
to a Product. 

Public Filings means, collectively, all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
required to be filed by Licensor or Licensor Parent under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, since January 1, 2024 (the foregoing materials,
including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein). 

7 

Qualifying Expenses means, to the extent not already accounted for in the
definition of Net Sales or Net Sublicensing Revenue, the fully-burdened costs to Licensee incurred or accrued in connection with the Development, Manufacture, obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approval, and
Commercialization of Product, including all amounts paid to Licensor, Oishi or Itochu related to Products and all amounts paid to Third Parties in connection with any rights under Third-Party Intellectual Property Rights to Develop, Manufacture,
obtain or maintain Regulatory Approval, or Commercialize Product. 

Receiving Party has the meaning set forth in
Section 11.1. 

Regained Territory has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(b). 

Registered IP Rights means the Licensed Patents within the Licensee Territory. 

Regulatory Approval means, collectively, all regulatory approvals, licenses, permissions, allowances, registrations,
certificates, authorizations, permits and supplements thereto, as well as associated materials pursuant to which a human pharmaceutical product may be researched, studied, developed, formulated, processed, engineered, manufactured, tested, held,
imported, transported, used, marketed, promoted, sold, offered for sale and distributed in a jurisdiction, issued by the appropriate Regulatory Authority, including, to the extent required by Applicable Law for the sale of Product, all pricing
approvals and pricing restrictions, and governmental reimbursement approvals and restrictions. 

Regulatory Authority
means a Governmental Authority with responsibility for the approval, authorization, registration, permission or allowance of the research, study, development, formulation, processing, engineering, manufacturing, testing, holding, importing,
transporting, use, marketing, promotion and sale or offering for sale of pharmaceuticals or other regulation of pharmaceuticals in any country. 

Regulatory Filing means any Product Application, or any other licenses, applications, registrations, notifications,
submissions and authorizations made to or received from a Regulatory Authority in a jurisdiction necessary to obtain a Regulatory Approval. 

Royalty Agreement means the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2024, by and among Licensor, Licensor
Parent, Efshar Hataya Ltd., Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc., and 3i, LP. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

SP-103 means the lidocaine product currently in Development and
referred to by Licensor as SP-103.

Sublicensee means a Third Party
to whom Licensee has granted a sublicense, immunity or other right under the Licensed Patents to Develop or Commercialize Product, in the Licensee Territory, pursuant to Section 3.2, provided such sublicense has not expired or been terminated.
Sublicense means an agreement or arrangement granting such rights. 

8 

Supply Agreement means the Commercial Supply Agreement, effective
February 16, 2017, by and among Licensor, Oishi and Itochu, as amended by (a) the First Addendum to Commercial Supply Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2017, by and among Licensor, Oishi and Itochu, (b) the Second Addendum to
Commercial Supply Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2018, by and among Licensor, Oishi and Itochu and (c) the Third Addendum to Commercial Supply Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2018, by and among Licensor, Oishi and Itochu. 

Tax Withholding has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(c). 

Third Party means any Person that is not a Party or an Affiliate of a Party. 

Trademarks means trademarks, service marks, service marks, trade names, logos, packaging design, slogans, internet domain
names, and other indicia of origin, registered or unregistered, as well as all applications for and registrations of the foregoing. 

U.S. or United States means the United States of America, its fifty (50) states, each territory
thereof and the District of Columbia. 

Section 1.2 Rules of Construction. 

(a) Unless the context otherwise requires, in this Agreement: 

(i) a term has the meaning assigned to it and an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in
accordance with GAAP; 

(ii) words of the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender means and include the correlative words of
other genders; 

(iii) the terms include, including and similar terms shall be construed as if
followed by the phrase without limitation; 

(iv) unless otherwise specified, references to a contract or
agreement include references to such contract or agreement as from time to time amended, restated, reformed, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with its terms (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, reformations,
supplements or modifications set forth herein), and include any annexes, exhibits and schedules hereto or thereto, as the case may be; 

(v) any reference to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns (subject to any
restrictions on assignment, transfer or delegation set forth herein) and any reference to a Person in a particular capacity excludes such Person in other capacities; 

(vi) references to any Applicable Law shall include such Applicable Law as from time to time in effect, including any
amendment, modification, codification, replacement, or reenactment thereof or any substitution therefor; 

(vii) the word
will will be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall; 

9 

(viii) term or has the inclusive meaning represented by the
phrase and/or; 

(ix) the words hereof, herein, hereunder and similar terms
shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision hereof, and Article, Section and Exhibit references herein are references to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits to, this Agreement unless otherwise specified; 

(x) the definitions of terms shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined; 

(xi) in the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means
from and including and each of the words to and until means to but excluding; and 

(xii) where any payment is to be made, any funds are to be applied, any notice is to be given, or any calculation is to be made
under this Agreement on a day that is not a Business Day, unless this Agreement otherwise provides, such payment shall be made, such funds shall be applied and such calculation shall be made on the succeeding Business Day, and payments shall be
adjusted accordingly. 

(b) The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed according to their fair meaning and neither for nor against
any Party irrespective of which Party caused such provisions to be drafted. Each Party acknowledges that it has been represented by an attorney in connection with the preparation and execution of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE II 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 2.1 Mutual Representation and Warranties. Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party as follows: 

(a) Such Party is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation. 

(b) Such Party (i) has the requisite power and authority and the legal right to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations
hereunder; and (ii) has taken all requisite action on its part to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such
Party, and constitutes a legal, valid, binding obligation, enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms. All rights and licenses purported to be granted in this Agreement are duly granted hereby. 

(c) Such Party has taken all necessary action on its part to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and this Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party and constitutes a legal, valid, binding obligation, enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms. 

10 

(d) Such Party will not (i) promise, offer, or give (and has not promised, offered, or
given) anything of value to any government employee or individual acting in an official capacity for the purpose of securing an improper or undue advantage; (ii) accept or receive (and has not accepted or received) any unlawful contributions,
payments, expenditures, or gifts; (iii) do (and has not done) business with any country or person that is the subject of sanctions imposed or administered by the U.S. Treasury Departments Office of Foreign Assets Control or the UN
Security Council or any governmental agency in a jurisdiction in which SOBI is organized or doing business; or (iv) violate (and has not violated) any applicable U.S. or export restriction, anti-boycott regulation, or other Applicable Laws.

(e) All necessary consents, approvals, and authorizations of all Governmental Authorities and other persons or entities required to be
obtained by such Party in connection with this Agreement have been obtained. 

(f) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
performance of such Partys obligations hereunder (i) do not and will not conflict with or violate any requirement of Applicable Laws, regulations or orders of governmental bodies; and (ii) do not and will not conflict with, or
constitute a default under, any contractual obligation of such Party. 

(g) As of the Effective Date, there is no action or proceeding
pending against such Party that questions in any material respect the validity of this Agreement or any action taken by such Party in connection with the execution of this Agreement. 

(h) The operation of the business of such Party and its Affiliates is being, and has been, conducted in material compliance with all
Applicable Laws, including Compliance Laws. Neither such Party nor any of its Affiliates has received any written notice to the effect that the operation of the business of such Party or its Affiliates is not, and was not, in material compliance
with any such Applicable Laws, including Compliance Laws. 

(i) To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, during the Term of this
Agreement, neither Party will Commercialize a lidocaine tape product in the Licensor Territory or the Licensee Territory except for Products under this Agreement. 

Section 2.2 Licensor Representations and Warranties. Except as otherwise disclosed in any of the Public Filings (excluding
(i) any disclosures in any risk factors section that do not constitute statements of fact, (ii) any disclosures in any forward-looking statement disclaimers, and (iii) any other disclosures that are generally cautionary,
predictive, or forward-looking in nature), Licensor hereby makes each of the following representations and warranties to Licensee: 

(a)
All Licensed IP Rights that Licensor claims or purports to own or control in whole or in part are solely owned or controlled (respectively) by Licensor. 

(b) To Licensors knowledge, all Licensed IP Rights are valid, subsisting, and enforceable. 

(c) The Patents set forth on Exhibit A constitute all of the Licensed Patents as of the Effective Date. 

(d) Licensor has the right to grant the licenses and other rights purported to be granted herein and has not granted to any Third Party any
license or other interest in the Product Rights (i) for the Product within the Licensee Territory and the Field or (ii) that would conflict with the licenses and interests granted to Licensee hereunder. 

11 

(e) To Licensors knowledge, there is no Third-Party Patent that would be infringed
(i) by practicing any process or method or by making, using, or selling any composition which is claimed or disclosed in the Licensed Patents or which constitutes Licensed Know-How to Commercialize the
Product in the Field in the Licensee Territory, or (ii) by making, using or selling Product in the Licensee Territory.

(f) All data, information, and results of experimentation and testing provided by Licensor hereunder will, to Licensors knowledge, be
complete and accurate in all material respects. 

(g) The Licensed IP Rights constitute all of rights, properties, and assets of Licensor
that are necessary and, subject to Section 2.2(e), sufficient to enable Licensee to Develop, Manufacture, obtain and maintain Regulatory Approvals, and Commercialize Product in the Field in the Licensee Territory. 

(h) Licensor has provided Licensee with a true and correct copy of each In-License (together with all
amendments, addenda, modifications and restatements thereof) as of the Effective Date. The In-Licenses are in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. The only
In-Licenses as of the Effective Date are the Development Agreement and the Supply Agreement. 

(i)
After giving effect to this Agreement, there exist no breaches, defaults or events which would (with the giving of notice, the passage of time or both) give rise to a breach, default or other right to terminate or modify the Development Agreement.
Licensor has not transferred or granted, and Licensor shall not transfer or grant, to any other Person any license or other interest in the Development Agreement that would conflict with the rights and licenses granted to Licensee herein. Without
limiting the foregoing, Licensor has obtained prior to the Effective Date such consents as may be required by the Development Agreement to grant the rights to Licensee purported to be granted in this Agreement, in the form and substance acceptable
to Licensee. 

Section 2.3 Licensor Covenant. Licensor hereby covenants to Licensee as follows: 

(a) Neither Licensor, nor any of its Affiliates, shall transfer, convey or assign any of the Product Rights to any Person unless such Person
agrees in writing to the applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement, and Licensor shall promptly notify Licensee in writing of any transfer, conveyance or assignment of any of the Product Rights. 

(b) Licensor shall timely pay in full all amounts required to be paid by Licensor, and timely perform in full all obligations required to be
performed by Licensor, under all In-Licenses Without the prior express written consent of Licensee, Licensor shall not (and shall take no action or make no omission to) modify or waive any provision of any In-License that could impair the value of the licenses to Licensee herein, or to terminate or have terminated any In-License.

(c) If the Development Agreement is terminated for any reason, Licensor shall use reasonable efforts to cause the licensor(s) thereunder to
grant a direct license under the Licensed IP Rights to Licensee containing terms and conditions no less favorable to Licensee than the terms of the Development Agreement. 

Section 2.4 Mutual Covenant. Each Party covenants to the other Party that in the course of performing its obligations or
exercising its rights under this Agreement, it shall comply with all Applicable Laws, including as applicable, GMP, GCP, and GLP standards, and shall not employ or engage any party who has been debarred by any Regulatory Authority, or, to such
Partys knowledge, is the subject of debarment proceedings by a Regulatory Authority. 

12 

Section 2.5 Disclaimer. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS
ARTICLE II, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE LICENSED IP RIGHTS, PRODUCT OR ANY OTHER MATTER, INCLUDING ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OR VALIDITY OF ANY PATENTS ISSUED OR PENDING. 

ARTICLE III 

LICENSES 

Section 3.1
Licenses.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Licensor hereby grants to Licensee during the Term a worldwide exclusive (even as to Licensor), non-transferable (except in connection with a permitted assignment of this Agreement) right, license and interest
in, to, and under all Product Rights Controlled by Licensor, to Develop, Manufacture, obtain and maintain Regulatory Approvals for, Commercialize, and otherwise Exploit all Products, in all cases solely for Commercialization of the Products in the
Licensee Territory in the Field. Without limiting the foregoing: 

(i) Licensor hereby grants to Licensee an exclusive (even
as to Licensor), non-transferable (except in connection with a permitted assignment of this Agreement), right and license under the Licensed IP Rights (A) in the Licensee Territory, to Develop,
Manufacture, obtain and maintain Regulatory Approvals for, Commercialize, and otherwise Exploit Product for Commercialization of Products in the Licensee Territory in the Field, and (B) worldwide, to Develop and Manufacture Product for
Commercialization in the Licensee Territory in the Field. 

(ii) Licensor hereby grants to Licensee an exclusive (even as to
Licensor), non-transferable (except in connection with a permitted assignment of this Agreement), right of reference under any and all Regulatory Approvals and Regulatory Filings Controlled by Licensor that
are related to Product to Develop, Manufacture, obtain and maintain Regulatory Approvals for, and Commercialize Product in the Licensee Territory in the Field. Licensee shall have the right to grant further rights of reference, through multiple
tiers, to Sublicensees and Affiliates. 

(b) Licensor reserves for itself the exclusive right under the Licensed IP Rights (i) in the
Licensor Territory, to Develop, Manufacture, obtain and maintain Regulatory Approvals for, Commercialize, and otherwise Exploit Product for Commercialization in the Licensor Territory in the Field, and (ii) worldwide, to Develop and Manufacture
Product for Commercialization in the Licensor Territory in the Field. 

(c) Licensor shall not grant or purport to grant to any Person (and
shall cause its Affiliates not to grant to any Person) any right or license to Develop, obtain or maintain Regulatory Approvals for, Manufacture, or Exploit any Product for Commercialization in the Licensee Territory in the Field. 

13 

(d) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensee hereby grants to
Licensor a non-exclusive,non-transferable (except in connection with a permitted assignment of this Agreement), right and license under the Licensee Non-Blocking Patents (i) in the Licensor Territory, to Develop, Manufacture, obtain and maintain Regulatory Approvals for, Commercialize, and otherwise Exploit Product for Commercialization of Products in the
Licensor Territory in the Field, and (ii) worldwide, to Develop and Manufacture Product for Commercialization in the Licensor Territory in the Field (the Non-Blocking License). 

(e) Except as set forth herein, neither Party shall acquire any license or other intellectual property interest, by implication or otherwise,
under any Know-How, Trademarks, or Patents of the other Party. 

Section 3.2
Sublicenses. 

(a) Licensee shall have the right, in accordance with this Section 3.2, to engage: (i) its Affiliates as
sublicensees of its rights hereunder (including with respect to the Licensed IP Rights) in the Licensee Territory; or (ii) a Third Party as a Sublicensee of its rights hereunder in the Licensee Territory for the purpose of obtaining and
maintain Regulatory Approvals and interacting with Regulatory Authorities, Developing, Manufacturing or Commercializing Product in each case jointly with, or for the benefit of, Licensee. Licensee may grant sublicenses hereunder to such Affiliates
and Third Parties solely on the terms set forth in this Section (a) and Section (b) below. 

(b) Licensee shall remain
responsible for any actions of its Affiliates and Sublicensees exercising sublicense rights under this Section 3.2 with respect to the rights and licenses granted by Licensor to Licensee under this Agreement to the same extent as if such
actions had been by Licensee itself. Promptly following the execution of each Sublicense to a Sublicensee, Licensee shall provide Licensor with an executed copy of such Sublicense; provided, however, that Licensee shall have the right to redact any
confidential terms from the copy provided to Licensor. 

(c) The rights and obligations under this Section 3.2 will apply to the Non-Blocking License, mutatis mutandis. 

Section 3.3 Access to Licensed Know-How. Licensor shall provide or make available to Licensee the Licensed Know-How that exists as of the Effective Date and any additional Licensed Know-How (to the extent that such Licensed Know-How comes to Licensors attention during the Term of this Agreement), the foregoing of which is reasonably necessary for
the Licensee to Develop and Manufacture Product for Commercialization in the Licensee Territory in the Field under this Agreement. Any costs in providing access to Licensed Know-How under this Section 3.3
is at Licensees sole cost, provided that such costs are reasonable and agreed-to by Licensee in advance. 

Section 3.4 Territory. 

(a) Licensee shall have the right, from time to time upon written notice, to remove any country or territory from the Licensee Territory (the
Removed Territory). The Licensee Territory will then automatically exclude the Removed Territory for all purposes thereafter, and the Removed Territory will automatically be added to the Licensor Territory. 

14 

(b) If at any time during the Term, Licensor has or obtains the right to Develop, obtain or
maintain Regulatory Approvals for, Manufacture, or Commercialize Product for use in the Field in a particular country or jurisdiction within the Licensor Territory that is not the United States or a Removed Territory (such country or jurisdiction,
the Regained Territory), then Licensor shall promptly provide Licensee with written notice thereof. At Licensees option, exercisable by providing written notice thereof to Licensor, the Regained Territory will be excluded
from the Licensor Territory and will be added to the Licensee Territory, which will be effective upon such written notice without further action by the Parties. 

ARTICLE IV 

DEVELOPMENT

Section 4.1 Development by Licensor. 

(a) Licensor shall use Commercially Reasonable and Diligent Efforts to perform the Licensor Development Activities at its own expense and
shall do so in accordance with this Agreement, GLP, GCP, GMP, and all Applicable Laws. Licensor shall keep Licensee reasonably informed of its progress in performing the Licensor Development Activities. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, following the end of each calendar quarter, Licensor shall prepare and provide Licensee with a reasonably detailed written report describing in detail its progress in performing the Licensor Development Activities sufficient to enable
Licensee to understand and monitor Licensors diligence and the results thereof, through such date of such report. Such reports will be discussed at the meetings of the JSC (or subcommittee established by the JSC). 

(b) Licensor shall use reasonable efforts to cause Licensee to be a designated third-party beneficiary of each Licensor Development Agreement,
entitled to the rights and benefits of each Licensor Development Agreement as Licensor is so entitled. Licensor shall provide Licensee with a copy of each Licensor Development Agreement promptly after entering into it. Licensor shall timely pay in
full all amounts required to be paid by Licensor, and timely perform in full all obligations required to be performed by Licensor, under all Licensor Development Agreements. Licensor promptly shall provide Licensee with copies of all notices and
other deliveries received under any Licensor Development Agreement. Without the prior express written consent of Licensee, Licensor shall not (and shall take no action or make no omission to) modify or waive any provision of any Licensor Development
Agreement that may reasonably impair the value of the licenses granted to Licensee herein, or to terminate or have terminated any Licensor Development Agreement if doing so may reasonably impair the value of the licenses granted to Licensee herein.

Section 4.2 Development by Licensee. Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform the Licensee Development
Activities at its own expense and shall do so in accordance with this Agreement, GLP, GCP, GMP, and all Applicable Laws. Licensee shall keep Licensor reasonably informed of its progress in performing the Licensee Development Activities. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, following the end of each calendar quarter, Licensee shall prepare and provide Licensor with a reasonably detailed written report describing in detail its progress in performing the Licensee Development
Activities sufficient to enable Licensor to understand and monitor Licensors diligence and the results thereof, through such date of such report. Licensor shall provide Licensee with all assistance that Licensee may reasonably request in
connection with the Licensee Development Activities. Such reports will be discussed at the meetings of the JSC (or subcommittee established by the JSC). 

15 

Section 4.3 Data Exchange and Use. Each Party shall promptly provide the other
Party with copies of all data and results and all supporting documentation (e.g. protocols, case report forms, analysis plans) generated from its Development of Product. Licensee shall have the right to use the data provided by Licensor for the
purpose of obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approval for and Commercializing Product in the Field in the Licensee Territory. Licensor shall have the right to use the data provided by Licensee for the purpose of obtaining and maintaining
Regulatory Approval for and Commercializing Product in the Licensor Territory. 

ARTICLE V 

REGULATORY 

Section 5.1 Regulatory Responsibilities. 

(a) Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain and maintain Regulatory Approvals for Product in the Licensee Territory.
Without limiting the foregoing, (i) Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain and maintain Regulatory Approval for Product in at least one (1) Major Market Country, within eighteen (18) months after the Effective
Date, and (ii) Licensee shall commit two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000), or its equivalent in kind, annually towards such efforts until it obtains Regulatory Approval for Product in the Licensee Territory. Licensee shall keep Licensor
reasonably informed with respect thereto through the JSC (or a subcommittee established by the JSC). To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, as between the Parties, Licensee (or its designee) shall own all right, title, and interest in and to,
and shall be the holder of, all Regulatory Approvals of Product in the Licensee Territory. 

(b) Licensor shall use Commercially Reasonable
and Diligent Efforts to obtain and maintain Regulatory Approvals for SP-103 and all existing Products in each country or jurisdiction in the Licensor Territory.Licensor shall keep Licensee reasonably informed with respect thereto through the JSC (or a subcommittee established by the JSC). Licensor shall use reasonable efforts to cause Licensee to be a designated third-party beneficiary of each
Licensor Regulatory Agreement, entitled to the rights and benefits of each Licensor Regulatory Agreement as Licensor is so entitled. Licensor shall provide Licensee with a copy of each Licensor Regulatory Agreement promptly after entering into it.
Licensor shall timely pay in full all amounts required to be paid by Licensor, and timely perform in full all obligations required to be performed by Licensor, under all Licensor Regulatory Agreements. Licensor promptly shall provide Licensee with
copies of all notices and other deliveries received under any Licensor Regulatory Agreement. Without the prior express written consent of Licensee, Licensor shall not (and shall take no action or make no omission to) modify or waive any provision of
any Licensor Regulatory Agreement if doing so may reasonably impair the value of the licenses or rights granted to Licensee herein, or to terminate or have terminated any Licensor Regulatory Agreement if doing so may reasonably impair the value of
the licenses or rights granted to Licensee herein. 

Section 5.2 Coordination. 

(a) Each Party shall provide to the other Party for review and comment drafts of all Regulatory Filings for Product no later than
thirty (30) days before the planned submission. Such Party shall consider in good faith all comments from the other Party with respect thereto. Each Party shall notify the other Party of any substantive Regulatory Filings for Product and any
other substantive documents, comments, or other correspondences related thereto submitted to or received from any Regulatory Authority and shall provide the other Party with copies thereof as soon as reasonably practical. 

16 

(b) Each Party shall provide the other Party with notice of any meeting or discussion with
any Regulatory Authority related to Product no later than five (5) Business Days after receiving notice thereof. Such Party shall lead any such meeting or discussion and the other Party shall have the right to attend and participate in any such
meeting or discussion unless prohibited or restricted by Applicable Laws or the applicable Regulatory Authority. At such Partys request, the other Party shall reasonably cooperate with such Party in preparing for any such meeting or
discussion. If the other Party does not participate in such meeting or discussion, then such Party shall provide the other Party with a written summary thereof promptly following the issuance or approval of the corresponding official minutes by the
applicable Regulatory Authority. 

(c) If any Regulatory Authority takes or gives notice of its intent to take any regulatory action with
respect to any activity of a Party relating to any Product, then such Party shall notify the other Party of such contact, inspection, or notice or action within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice (or, if action is taken without
notice, within five (5) Business Days of such Party becoming aware of such action). The other Party shall have the right to review any responses to the Regulatory Authority that pertain to such Product, and such Party shall consider such
comments in good faith. 

Section 5.3 Regulatory Assistance. Upon Licensees reasonable request, Licensor shall provide
Licensee with reasonable assistance in Licensees efforts to obtain and maintain Regulatory Approvals for Product in the Licensee Territory, including access to Regulatory Approvals, Regulatory Filings, and other required materials and
documents in Licensors possession and required by Licensee or Regulatory Authorities for Regulatory Approval of Product in the Licensee Territory. Licensor shall also provide reasonable support to address questions from Licensee in preparing
Regulatory Filings and communicating with Regulatory Authorities regarding Product in the Licensee Territory. Licensee shall reimburse Licensor for the costs and expenses incurred by Licensor to provide such regulatory assistance to Licensee for
such cooperation. 

Section 5.4 Adverse Events Reporting. 

(a) Promptly following the Effective Date, but in no event later than one hundred eighty (180) days thereafter, Licensee and Licensor
shall develop and agree to the worldwide safety and pharmacovigilance procedures for the Parties with respect to Products, such as safety data sharing and exchange, Adverse Events reporting and prescription events monitoring in a written agreement
(the Pharmacovigilance Agreement). Such agreement shall describe the coordination of collection, investigation, reporting, and exchange of information concerning Adverse Events or any other safety problem of any significance, and
product quality and product complaints involving Adverse Events, sufficient to permit each Party, its Affiliates, licensees, or sublicensees to comply with its legal obligations. The Pharmacovigilance Agreement shall be promptly updated if required
by changes in Applicable Law. Each Party hereby agrees to comply with its respective obligations under the Pharmacovigilance Agreement and to cause its Affiliates, licensees and sublicensees to comply with such obligations. 

(b) Licensee shall be responsible for complying with all Applicable Laws governing Adverse Events in the Licensee Territory, and Licensor
shall be responsible for complying with all Applicable Laws covering Adverse Events in the Licensor Territory. 

17 

(c) Licensor shall hold and control the global safety database for all Products and for the
exchange by the Parties in English of any information which a Party becomes aware of concerning any Adverse Event experienced by a subject or patient being administered any Product, including any such information received by either Party from any
Third Party (subject to receipt of any required consents from such Third Party). Each Party and its Affiliates, licensees and sublicensees shall have the right to disclose such information if such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with
Applicable Laws or requirements of any applicable Regulatory Authority. 

Section 5.5 Remedial Actions. Each Party shall notify
the other immediately, and promptly confirm such notice in writing, if it obtains information indicating that any Product may be subject to any recall, corrective action or other regulatory action by any Governmental Authority or Regulatory
Authority (a Remedial Action). The Parties shall coordinate with each other regarding any Remedial Action in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 5.2, mutatis mutandis. The Parties shall assist each
other in gathering and evaluating such information as is necessary to determine the necessity of conducting a Remedial Action with respect to either the Licensee Territory or the Licensor Territory. Licensee shall have sole discretion with respect
to any matters relating to any Remedial Action in the Licensee Territory, including the decision to commence such Remedial Action and the control over such Remedial Action. Each Party shall, and shall ensure that its Affiliates and sublicensees
shall, maintain adequate records to permit the Parties to trace the distribution and use of the Product. 

Section 5.6 No
Additional Compensation. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the consideration for the provision of any services by Licensor under this Article V is included in the payments payable by Licensee to Licensor pursuant to this Agreement.

ARTICLE VI 

SUPPLY

Section 6.1 Supply of Product. 

(a) Promptly after the Effective Date, Licensor shall (i) facilitate an introduction between Oishi, Itochu, and Licensee, and
(ii) use reasonable efforts to cause each of Oishi and Itochu to accept a direct engagement with Licensee for the manufacturing or supply of the Product in finished dosage form. 

(b) Should Oishi and Itochu decline to provide approval for a direct engagement with Licensee, Licensor shall use diligent efforts (i) to
obtain written approval, in such form and substance as may be satisfactory to Licensee, from each of Oishi and Itochu to enable Licensee to place purchase orders for Product from Oishi and/or Itochu under the Supply Agreement, as agent or consigning
party, for delivery to Licensee or its designee, and (ii) to provide Licensee with the rights and benefits of the Supply Agreement for Product in the Licensee Territory. Licensee shall advance to Oishi and Itochu all amounts that would be
payable under an applicable purchase order. 

(c) Licensee shall have the right to obtain from Licensor or, at Licensees option and
subject to the consent of the applicable contract manufacturer, any of Licensors contract manufacturers of Product (each a CMO) Product in finished dosage form. Upon Licensees request, Licensor shall negotiate with
Licensee, or shall use Commercially Reasonable and Diligent Efforts to cause the CMO to negotiate with Licensee at terms to be agreed upon between them, as applicable, a definitive agreement for the supply within the Licensee Territory of Product
(the Licensee Supply Agreement). The transfer price for Products from Licensor will equal Licensors actual out-of-pocket costs to Manufacture or
have Manufactured Product for the Licensee Territory, and Licensee shall have the right to audit Licensors books and records to verify the transfer price. The transfer price (EXW CMOs facility (Incoterms 2020)) for Products from a CMO
will be fixed and negotiated in good faith by Licensee and such CMO. The Licensee Supply Agreement will include supply for all of Licensees clinical and commercial requirements for Product.

18 

Section 6.2 Quality Agreement. Together with the Licensee Supply Agreement,
Licensee and Licensor shall negotiate (or Licensor shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to cause its applicable CMO to negotiate) and enter into a commercially reasonable and customary quality agreement related to the supply of Product. 

ARTICLE VII 

COMMERCIALIZATION 

Section 7.1 Appointment as Exclusive Distributor. Licensor hereby appoints Licensee as Licensors exclusive distributor of
Product in the Licensee Territory during the Term, and Licensee hereby accepts such appointment. Licensee (itself or through its Affiliates or subdistributors) shall have the sole right to Commercialize Product in the Licensee Territory. Licensee
shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to appoint its Affiliates, and Licensee and its Affiliates shall have the right, in their sole discretion, to appoint any other subdistributors, in the Licensee Territory or in any country or other
jurisdiction of the Licensee Territory, to distribute, market, sell, and otherwise Commercialize Product. 

Section 7.2
Diligence. Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Commercialize one or more Products in the Licensee Territory in the Field after receiving Regulatory Approval therefor. Licensor shall use Commercially Reasonable and Diligent
Efforts to Commercialize each existing Product and SP-103 in each country in the Licensor Territory after receiving Regulatory Approval therefore and to maximize sales of Product in the United States. 

Section 7.3 Exclusivity. To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, each Party, whether by itself or through an Affiliate
or (sub)licensee, shall not Commercialize or provide Product (a) to any Person in the other Partys Territory other than to the other Party or its designee, or (b) to any Third Party if the Party, its relevant Affiliate or
(sub)licensee knows, or has reason to know, that Products sold or provided to such Third Party may be sold, transferred, or otherwise Commercialized, directly or indirectly, for use in the other Partys Territory. Neither Party shall enter into
any agreement with any Person that would conflict with or interfere with the foregoing obligation. 

Section 7.4 Assistance.
Upon Licensees reasonable request, Licensor shall reasonably assist Licensee in the Commercialization of Products, and Licensee shall reimburse all reasonable expenses and costs incurred by Licensor for such assistance. 

Section 7.5 Coordination. The Parties recognize that they may benefit from the coordination of certain activities in support of
the Commercialization of Product across their territories. As such, the Parties may coordinate such activities where appropriate, including scientific and medical communication and product positioning. If the Parties agree to jointly conduct any
specific Commercialization activities for the benefit of the Product in both Parties territories, the Parties shall negotiate and agree on the details of such activities, including allocation of responsibilities, budget and cost sharing,
through the JCC. Each Party shall have the right, at its sole and exclusive discretion, to determine pricing for Product in its territory. 

19 

Section 7.6 Product Trademarks. Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, during the
Term and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a royalty-free, non-exclusive license under Licensors rights to use such Licensed Marks in connection with the Commercialization of the
Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory in compliance with Applicable Laws and this Agreement. Licensee shall comply with Licensors brand usage guidelines provided to Licensee in its use of the Licensed Marks. Licensee may also brand
the Products in the Licensee Territory using other trademarks, logos, and trade names specific for the Products that differ from the Licensed Marks and do not contain the name of Licensor (the Product Marks). 

ARTICLE VIII 

GOVERNANCE

Section 8.1 Joint Steering Committee. 

(a) Within thirty (30) calendar days following the Effective Date, the Parties shall establish a JSC to oversee, review, and coordinate
the activities of the Parties under this Agreement, including, the Development and Commercialization of the Product in the Field in the Licensor Territory and the Licensee Territory, subject to the provisions of this Section 8.1. 

(b) The JSC shall: 

(i) Review and discuss market access and price/branding positioning strategies for Product in the Field in the Licensee
Territory (and substantive amendments and updates thereto); 

(ii) Review and discuss the Parties progress reports
provided hereunder; 

(iii) Provide a forum for resolving matters referred to the JSC pursuant to the procedures set forth
in Section 8.1(e) below; and 

(iv) Perform such other duties and responsibilities as are specifically assigned to the
JSC by mutual written agreement of the Parties, except where in conflict with any provision of this Agreement. 

(c) The JSC shall be
composed of an equal number of representatives from each of Licensee and Licensor, selected by such Party. Unless the Parties otherwise agree, the exact number of representatives for each of Licensee and Licensor shall be, with respect to the JSC,
two (2) representatives. Either Party may replace its respective JSC representatives at any time with prior written notice to the other Party; provided that the criteria for composition of the JSC set forth in the preceding sentence continues
to be satisfied following any such replacement of a Partys representative on the JSC. 

(d) The JSC shall meet at least twice a year,
or at such other intervals as agreed to by the Parties. All JSC meetings may be conducted by telephone, video-conference or in person as determined by the JSC. Each Party shall bear its own personnel and travel costs and expenses relating to JSC
meetings. With the consent of the Parties (not to be withheld unreasonably), other appropriate employee representatives of the Parties may attend the JSC meeting as non-voting observers. 

20 

(e) Decisions for the JSC shall be made as follows: 

(i) Decisions of the JSC shall be made by unanimous vote, with at least one (1) representative from each Party
participating in any vote. 

(ii) In the event that the JSC does not reach consensus with respect to a particular matter
within five (5) Business Days after the matter is submitted to the JSC, then either Party may, by written notice to the other Party, have such matter referred to (A) Licensors Chief Executive Officer on the part of Licensor and
(B) Licensees Chief Executive Officer on the part of Licensee (collectively, Senior Executives) who shall meet promptly and negotiate in good faith to attempt to resolve the dispute. 

(iii) If, despite such good faith efforts, the Senior Executives are unable to resolve such dispute during such meeting, then:

(A) if such dispute relates to any activities the sole occurrence and effect of which are in the Licensee Territory, then
Licensee shall have the right to cast the deciding vote on such matter; and 

(B) for any other matters to be decided by the
JSC, Licensee shall have the right to cast the deciding vote on such matter. 

(iv) For clarity, neither Party shall have
the right to cast a deciding vote to excuse itself from any of its obligations specifically enumerated under this Agreement. 

Section 8.2 Joint Commercialization Committee. 

(a) Within thirty (30) calendar days following the Effective Date, the Parties shall establish a JCC to oversee, review and coordinate
the activities of the Parties regarding the Commercialization of the Product in the Licensor Territory and the Licensee Territory, subject to the provisions of this Section 8.2. 

(b) The JCC shall: 

(i) Review and discuss market access and reimbursement/pricing strategies for Product (and substantive amendments and updates
thereto), including formulary strategy; 

(ii) Provide a forum for coordination of each Partys activities described in
Section 7.5; and 

(iii) Perform such other duties and responsibilities as are specifically assigned to the JCC by
mutual written agreement of the Parties, except where in conflict with any provision of this Agreement. 

(c) The JCC shall be composed of
an equal number of representatives from each of Licensee and Licensor, selected by such Party. Unless the Parties otherwise agree, the exact number of representatives for each of Licensee and Licensor shall be, with respect to the JCC, two
(2) representatives. Either Party may replace its respective JCC representatives at any time with prior written notice to the other Party; provided that the criteria for composition of the JCC set forth in the preceding sentence continues to be
satisfied following any such replacement of a Partys representative on the JCC. 

21 

(d) The JCC shall meet at least twice a year, or at such other intervals as agreed to by the
Parties. All JCC meetings may be conducted by telephone, video-conference or in person as determined by the JCC. Each Party shall bear its own personnel and travel costs and expenses relating to JCC meetings. With the consent of the Parties (not to
be withheld unreasonably), other appropriate employee representatives of the Parties may attend the JCC meeting as non-voting observers. 

(e) Decisions for the JCC shall be made as follows: 

(i) Decisions of the JCC shall be made by unanimous vote, with at least one (1) representative from each Party
participating in any vote. 

(ii) In the event that the JCC does not reach consensus with respect to a particular matter
within five (5) Business Days after the matter is submitted to the JCC, then either Party may, by written notice to the other Party, have such matter referred to the Parties respective Senior Executives, who shall meet promptly and
negotiate in good faith to attempt to resolve the dispute. 

(iii) If, despite such good faith efforts, the Senior
Executives are unable to resolve such dispute during such meeting, then: 

(A) if such dispute relates to any activities the
sole occurrence and effect of which are in the Licensee Territory, then Licensee shall have the right to cast the deciding vote on such matter; and 

(B) for any other matters to be decided by the JCC, Licensee shall have the right to cast the deciding vote on such matter.

(iv) For clarity, neither Party shall have the right to cast a deciding vote to excuse itself from any of its obligations
specifically enumerated under this Agreement. 

Section 8.3 Alliance Managers. Promptly following the Effective Date, each
Party shall appoint a person to act as its alliance manager to coordinate its business activities under this Agreement (each such person, an Alliance Manager). Each Party shall notify in writing the other Party as soon as
practicable upon making, and changing, this appointment. The Alliance Managers shall be the primary business contacts under this Agreement and are charged with ensuring a collaborative alliance environment to ensure timely development and
Commercialization of Product in the Licensee Territory and the Licensor Territory. The Alliance Manager shall respond to all reasonable requests and other communications from either Party, the JCC, and the JSC and shall address any other issues
raised by the same regarding the management, exchange of information, or conduct of the activities of the Parties under this Agreement. 

Section 8.4 Scope of Governance. Notwithstanding the creation of the JSC and JCC, each Party shall retain the rights, powers and
discretion granted to it under this Agreement, and the JSC and JCC shall not be delegated or vested with rights, powers or discretion unless such delegation or vesting is expressly provided herein, or the Parties expressly so agree in writing. The
JSC and JCC shall not have the power to amend or modify this Agreement, and no decision of the JSC or JCC shall be in contravention 

22 

of any terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Alliance Managers shall not have any rights, powers, or discretion, except as expressly granted to the Alliance Managers under this Agreement
and in no event shall the Alliance Managers have any power to modify or amend this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that issues to be formally decided by the JSC and JCC are only those specific issues that are expressly provided in this
Agreement to be decided by the JSC and JCC. 

ARTICLE IX 

FINANCIAL TERMS 

Section 9.1 Revenue Share. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Parties shall share all Net Revenue as
follows: fifty percent (50%) to Licensor, and fifty percent (50%) to Licensee. Licensee shall effect the foregoing by paying to Licensor its share of the Net Revenue (the Net Revenue Payment) on a quarterly basis on the
terms of this Article IX. 

Section 9.2 Revenue Reports and Payments. Within sixty (60) calendar days after the end
of each calendar quarter during the Term, Licensee shall deliver to Licensor a report setting forth for such calendar quarter (a) the calculation of Net Revenue, if any, which shall have accrued in such calendar quarter, and the Net Revenue
Payment due to Licensor for such quarter; (b) the applicable withholding taxes, if any, required by law to be deducted with respect thereto such sales; and (c) the applicable exchange rate, if any, as determined below. With respect to Net
Revenue received in United States dollars, all amounts shall be expressed in United States dollars. With respect to Net Revenue received in a currency other than United States dollars, all amounts shall be expressed both in the currency in which the
amount is invoiced (or received as applicable) and in the United States dollar equivalent. The United States dollar equivalent shall be calculated using the average of the exchange rate (local currency per US$1) which corresponds to the rate for
such currency reported in The Wall Street Journal, Internet U.S. Edition at www.wsj.com, as of the last Business Day of each calendar month within such calendar quarter. 

Section 9.3 Payment Provisions. 

(a) The Net Revenue Payment shown to have accrued by each report provided for under Section 9.2 shall be due on the date that such report
is due. Payment of the Net Revenue Payment may be made, in whole or in part, in advance of such due date. 

(b) If at any time legal
restrictions prevent the prompt remittance of part or all Net Revenue Payment with respect to any country in where a Product is sold, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith a reasonable solution, which may include Licensees right to make
such payments by depositing the amount thereof in local currency to Licensors account in a bank or other depository institution in such country or by depositing the amount thereof from another Licensee account. Upon the expiration of such
legal restrictions, the Parties shall evaluate any difference between (i) the payments actually made by Licensee hereunder, and (ii) the amounts that should have been paid by Licensee, and the Parties shall remit payments accordingly to
resolve any discrepancies. If the payment rate specified in this Agreement should exceed the permissible rate established in any country, then the payment rate in such country shall be adjusted to the highest legally permissible or
government-approved rate. The Parties hereby agree that neither Party shall be in breach of this Agreement so long as such Party is using good faith efforts to remit payments owed pursuant to this Section 9.3(b). 

23 

(c) Licensee shall be entitled to deduct the amount of any withholding taxes, value-added
taxes or other taxes, levies or charges with respect to such amounts payable by Licensee or any taxes required to be withheld by Licensee (a Tax Withholding) to the extent Licensee pays to the appropriate Governmental Authority on
behalf of Licensor such Tax Withholding. Licensee shall use reasonable efforts to minimize any such Tax Withholding required to be withheld on behalf of Licensor by Licensee. Licensee promptly shall deliver to Licensor proof of payment of all such
Tax Withholding, together with copies of all communications from or with such Governmental Authority with respect thereto. If any Tax Withholding is necessary and would cause the Net Revenue to not be split in accordance with Section 9.1, then
the Parties agree to take any such action as may be necessary to ensure Net Revenue (less any Tax Withholding) is shared equally. The Parties hereby agree that neither Party shall be in breach of this Agreement so long as such Party is using
reasonable efforts to complete the Net Revenue Payment in accordance with this Section 9.3(c). 

Section 9.4 Records;
Audits. 

(a) Licensee shall, and shall ensure that its Affiliates, maintain complete and accurate records in sufficient detail as may
be necessary to permit Licensor to verify the accuracy of the reports provided under Section 9.2 and the calculation of royalty payments and any payments with respect thereto for a period of three (3) years after the calendar quarter to
which such report pertains. 

(b) Upon the written request of Licensor and not more than once in each calendar year, Licensee shall permit
an independent certified public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing selected by Licensor and reasonably acceptable to Licensee, at Licensors expense, to have access during normal business hours to such of the financial records of
Licensee as may be reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of the Net Revenue Payment reports and any payments with respect thereto hereunder (other than records for which Licensor has already conducted an audit under this Section). If such
accounting firm concludes that additional amounts were owed during the audited period, Licensee shall pay such additional amounts within forty-five (45) days after the date Licensor delivers to Licensee such accounting firms written
report so concluding, plus interest from the original due date. The fees charged by such accounting firm shall be paid by Licensor; provided, however, if the audit discloses an underpayment by Licensee of more than seven and a half percent (7.5%) of
the Net Revenue Payment payable by Licensee, then Licensee shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses charged by such accounting firm. Licensor shall cause its accounting firm to retain all financial information subject to review under this
Section 9.4(b) in strict confidence; provided, however, that Licensee shall have the right to require that such accounting firm, prior to conducting such audit, enter into an appropriate non-disclosure
agreement with Licensee regarding such financial information. No other information shall be shared. Licensor shall treat all such financial information as Licensees confidential information, and shall not disclose such financial information to
any Third Party, except to Oishi and Itochu as required in the Development Agreement and the Supply Agreement, or use it for any purpose other than as specified in this Section 9.4(b). 

ARTICLE X 

INDEMNITY

Section 10.1 By Licensor. Licensor shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Licensee, its Affiliates, and its and their
respective shareholders or members, officers, directors, agents, and representatives (the Licensee Indemnitees), from and against any and all losses, liabilities, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and
costs) (collectively, Losses) incurred by any Licensee Indemnitee resulting from any claim, demand, action or proceeding brought by any Third Party (each a Claim) to the extent resulting from or arising out of:

24 

(a) The Development, Manufacture, or Commercialization of Product by or on behalf of
Licensor, its (sub)licensees for the Licensor Territory, or their respective Affiliates, customers or end users; 

(b) Any breach of any
representation, warranty, or covenant of Licensor in this Agreement (or any alleged conduct that, if true, would constitute such a breach); or 

(c) Any negligence, gross negligence, or willful misconduct by Licensor, its Affiliates, or their respective agents or representatives in
performing its obligations or exercising its rights hereunder or related to Product (or any alleged conduct that, if true, would constitute negligence, gross negligence, or willful misconduct). 

Section 10.2 By Licensee. Licensee shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Licensor, its Affiliates, and its and their
respective officers, directors, agents, and representatives (the Licensor Indemnitees), from and against any and all Losses incurred by any Licensor Indemnitee resulting from any Claim to the extent resulting from or arising out
of: 

(a) The Development, Manufacture, or Commercialization of Product by or on behalf of Licensee, its (sub)licensees, or their
respective Affiliates, customers or end users; 

(b) Any breach of any representation, warranty, or covenant of Licensee in this Agreement
(or any alleged conduct that, if true, would constitute such a breach); or 

(c) Any negligence, gross negligence, or willful misconduct by
Licensee, its Affiliates, or their respective agents or representatives in performing its obligations or exercising its rights hereunder or related to Product (or any alleged conduct that, if true, would constitute negligence, gross negligence, or
willful misconduct). 

Section 10.3 Procedure. A Party seeking indemnification (the Indemnitee) shall
promptly notify the other Party (the Indemnifying Party) in writing of a Claim; provided that an Indemnitees failure to give such notice or delay in giving such notice shall not affect such Indemnitees right to
indemnification under this Article X except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party has been prejudiced by such failure or delay. The Indemnifying Party shall have the right to control the defense of all indemnification Claims hereunder. The
Indemnitee shall have the right to participate at its own expense in the Claim with counsel of its own choosing. The Indemnifying Party shall consult with the Indemnitee in good faith with respect to all
non-privileged aspects of the defense strategy. The Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Indemnifying Party as reasonably requested, at the Indemnifying Partys sole cost and expense. The Indemnifying
Party shall not settle any Claim without the Indemnitees prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

Section 10.4 No Consequential Damages. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO A BREACH OF
Section 4.1, Section 4.2, Section 5.1, OR ARTICLE XI OR WITH RESPECT TO EITHER PARTYS OBLIGATIONS TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS PURSUANT TO THIS ARTICLE X, NEITHER

25 

PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OF ITS MEMBERS NOR ANY OF ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR NOT, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE EXERCISE OF ITS RIGHTS HEREUNDER, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

ARTICLE XI 

CONFIDENTIALITY 

Section 11.1 Confidentiality. Except as provided in this Article XI or otherwise agreed in writing by
the Parties, the Parties agree that, during the Term and until for a period of five (5) years thereafter, each Party (the Receiving Party) shall keep confidential, and shall not publish or otherwise disclose and shall not use
for any purpose other than as provided for in this Agreement (which includes the exercise of any rights or the performance of any obligations hereunder), any information (whether written or oral, or in electronic or other form) furnished to it by or
on behalf of the other Party (the Disclosing Party) pursuant to this Agreement, including the terms of this Agreement (such information, Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party), except for that portion
of such information that: 

(a) was already in the Receiving Partys possession on a
non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure to it by the Disclosing Party, or becomes known to the Receiving Party from a source other than the Disclosing Party and its representatives without any breach of
this Agreement, in each case as evidenced by written records (provided that if such information was disclosed to the Receiving Party on a non-confidential basis by a source that is not the Disclosing
Party, such source to the knowledge of the Receiving Party had the right to disclose such information to the Receiving Party without any legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation to, any person with respect to such information); 

(b) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of an act or omission by the Receiving Party or its Affiliates in
breach of this Agreement; or 

(c) was independently developed by the Receiving Party, as evidenced by written records, without use of or
reference to the Confidential Information or in violation of the terms of this Agreement. 

Section 11.2 Permitted Disclosure.

(a) In the event that the Receiving Party or its Affiliates or any of its or its Affiliates representatives are requested by a
governmental or regulatory authority or required by Applicable Law, regulation or legal process (including the regulations of a stock exchange or governmental or regulatory authority or the order or ruling of a court, administrative agency or other
government or regulatory body of competent jurisdiction) to disclose any Confidential Information, the Receiving Party shall promptly, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, notify the Disclosing Party in writing of such request or requirement
so that the Disclosing Party may seek an appropriate protective order or other appropriate remedy (and if the Disclosing Party seeks such an order or other remedy, the Receiving Party will provide such cooperation, at the Receiving Partys sole
expense, as the Disclosing Party shall reasonably request). If no such protective order or other remedy is obtained and the Receiving Party or its Affiliates or its or its Affiliates representatives are, in the view of their respective counsel
(which may include their respective internal counsel), legally required to disclose Confidential Information, the Receiving Party or 

26 

its Affiliates or its or its Affiliates representatives, as the case may be, shall only disclose that portion of the Confidential Information that their respective counsel advises that the
Receiving Party or its Affiliates or its or its Affiliates representatives, as the case may be, are required to disclose and will exercise commercially reasonable efforts, at the Disclosing Partys sole expense, to obtain reliable
assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to that portion of the Confidential Information that is being disclosed. In any event, the Receiving Party will not oppose action by the Disclosing Party to obtain an appropriate protective
order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, notice to the Disclosing Party shall not be required where disclosure is made (i) in response to a
request by a governmental or regulatory authority having competent jurisdiction over the Receiving Party, its Affiliates or its or its Affiliates representatives, as the case may be, or (ii) in connection with a routine examination by a
regulatory examiner, where in each case such request or examination does not expressly reference the Disclosing Party, its Affiliates, or this Agreement. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to its Affiliates, its and their
employees, directors, officers, contractors, agents, and representatives, and to potential or actual acquirers, business partners, merger partners, permitted assignees, investment bankers, investors, limited partners, partners, lenders, or other
financing sources, and their respective directors, employees, contractors and agents; provided that such person or entity agrees to confidentiality and non-use obligations with respect thereto at least
as stringent as those specified for in this Article XI. Further, notwithstanding anything contained in this Article XI to the contrary, Licensor may disclose Confidential Information to the extent
such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or with any rule, regulation or legal process promulgated by the SEC or a stock exchange, subject to
Licensors obligations set forth in Section 11.3. 

Section 11.3 Public Announcement. No Party
shall, and each Party shall cause its Affiliates not to, without the prior written consent of the other Parties (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), issue any press release or make any other public disclosure with respect
to this Agreement except if and to the extent that any such release or disclosure is required by Applicable Law, by the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or market on which any security of such Party may be listed or traded or by any
Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction, in which case, the Party proposing to issue such press release or make such public disclosure shall, to the extent reasonably practicable, (a) provide to the other Parties a copy of such
proposed release or disclosure and (b) consider in good faith any comments or changes that the other Party may propose or suggest; provided that a Party may freely make any public disclosure identical to a disclosure previously reviewed
by the other Party in accordance with the foregoing clauses (a) and (b). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee understands and agrees that Licensor Parent intends to file with the SEC a Current Report on Form
8-K describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and file this Agreement as an exhibit thereto or to another filing with the SEC, provided, that Licensor shall
(i) provide to Licensee a draft of such filings with the SEC and (ii) consider in good faith any comments or changes that Licensee may propose or suggest. Licensor and Licensee shall jointly prepare a press release for dissemination
promptly following the Effective Date, such press release to be agreed upon by Licensee and Licensor Parent. 

27 

ARTICLE XII 

REGISTERED IP RIGHTS 

Section 12.1 Prosecution and Maintenance.

(a) Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 12.1, as between the Parties, Licensor shall have the sole right, at its sole expense,
to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain the Registered IP Rights in the Licensee Territory. Licensee shall assist Licensor, upon request and at Licensors sole expense, and to the extent commercially reasonable, in connection therewith.
Licensor shall consider in good faith the interests of Licensee in so doing. Without limiting the foregoing, Licensor shall (i) provide Licensee with any patent application within the Registered IP Rights filed by Licensor reasonably in advance
of filing and receive and incorporate reasonable comments by Licensee thereon; (ii) provide Licensee with any such patent application filed by Licensor promptly after such filing; (iii) provide Licensee with copies of all material
correspondence and communications received regarding such patent applications and patents and incorporate reasonable comments by Licensee thereon; (iv) provide Licensee with copies of all material correspondence and communications sent
regarding such patents and patent applications promptly after such filing; and (v) notify Licensee of any interference, opposition, reexamination request, nullity proceeding, appeal or other similar action, review it with Licensee as reasonably
requested, and receive and may incorporate reasonable comments by Licensee thereon. 

(b) If Licensor elects (i) to abandon the
prosecution or maintenance of any patent or patent application within the Registered IP Rights in the Licensee Territory, or (ii) elects not to file a patent application in the Licensee Territory for any Product, then Licensor shall promptly
notify Licensee in writing at least thirty (30) days before the abandonment or applicable filing deadline therefore, and Licensee shall have the right, upon providing written notice to Licensor of Licensees election to do so, at
Licensees expense, to file, prosecute, continue to prosecute and/or maintain, as applicable, such patent or patent application. In such case, Licensee shall keep Licensor reasonably informed on matters regarding such filing, prosecution and
maintenance, including by providing Licensor with a copy of any and all correspondence between Licensee and the relevant patent office, providing Licensor with sufficient time to review and comment on such communications (excluding any non-substantive correspondence or communications), and Licensee shall consider in good faith the requests and suggestions of Licensor with respect to such communications. With respect to the activities set forth in
this Section 12.1(b) that are continued by Licensee, Licensor shall provide a power of attorney and relevant files and other information owned or controlled by Licensor pertaining to such patents or patent applications, as soon as reasonably
practical after receiving such written election by Licensee. 

Section 12.2 Enforcement.

(a) Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any actual or
threatened infringement, violation or misappropriation known to such Party of any Registered IP Rights or Licensed Know-How in the Licensee Territory and shall provide the other Party with the available
evidence, if any, of such infringement, violation or misappropriation. 

(b) As between the Parties, Licensee shall have the first right,
but not the obligation, to initiate proceedings or take other appropriate action, at its expense, to enforce the Registered IP Rights or Licensed Know-How in the Licensee Territory against any Third Party.
Licensee shall consider in good faith the interests of Licensor in so doing and shall have the right to join Licensor as a nominal party plaintiff if 

28 

required therefor. Licensee shall have full control over its conduct, including the defense to validity challenges and settlement thereof; provided, however, that (i) Licensee shall use
reasonable efforts to keep Licensor reasonably informed on matters regarding such enforcement, and (ii) Licensor may veto any actions of Licensee that could materially adversely affect the Product Rights or the ability of either Party to
Commercialize Product. In any event, the Parties shall assist one another and cooperate in any such litigation at the others reasonable request. 

(c) With respect to any action to enforce the Registered IP Rights or Licensed Know-How in the
Licensee Territory to abate any infringement, misappropriation or other violation thereof, all monies recovered upon the final judgment or settlement of any such action: (i) first, shall be applied to reimburse the costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys fees and costs) of Licensee and Licensor, and (ii) second, shall be deemed Net Revenue and will be shared equally between the Parties. 

Section 12.3 Third-Party Infringement Claims. If the Manufacture, sale, or use of Product in the Licensee Territory pursuant to
this Agreement results in a claim, suit, or proceeding alleging patent infringement against Licensor or Licensee (or their respective Affiliates, licensees or Sublicensees) (collectively, Infringement Actions), such Party shall
promptly notify the other Party hereto in writing. Neither Party shall settle such Infringement Action, nor make any admissions, nor assert any position in such Infringement Action, in a manner that would adversely affect the Product, the
Manufacture, use or sale or Commercialization of the Product, or either Partys rights in the Licensed IP Rights, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

Section 12.4 Registration of License. Licensee shall have the right to register or record its license under the Registered IP
Rights with the relevant Governmental Authorities in the Licensee Territory. Licensee shall, at its expense, prepare and deliver to Licensor such instruments and other documents reasonably necessary and in proper form for such registration. The
Parties shall reasonably agree on the form of documents to be used for such purpose, and shall cooperate to preserve confidentiality of this Agreement to the extent permitted under Applicable Laws in the Licensee Territory. Licensor shall execute
and return to Licensee such instruments and documents promptly after mutual agreement on the form and receipt thereof. 

Section 12.5
Registered IP Rights Licensed from Third Parties. Each Partys rights under this Article XII with respect to any Registered IP Right that is licensed by Licensor from a Third Party pursuant to an
In-License shall be subject to the rights retained by such Third Party pursuant to the applicable In- License, and Licensor shall use reasonable efforts to cause such
Third Party to agree to the provisions of this Article XII. If Licensor has the right under any In-License to control, comment on, or otherwise provide input on the patent prosecution, maintenance,
defense, or enforcement of any such Registered IP Right, then, (a) Licensee shall receive the benefit of Licensors rights to the extent Licensee is provided such rights under this Agreement; and (b) without limiting the foregoing,
Licensor shall permit Licensee to exercise such rights on Licensors behalf. 

ARTICLE XIII 

TERM AND TERMINATION 

Section 13.1 Term. The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues until expiration of the last to expire
Licensed Patents, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 13.2 or Section 13.3 below (such period, the Term). 

29 

Section 13.2 Termination by Licensee. Licensee may terminate this Agreement, for
any reason or no reason, upon ninety (90) days prior written notice of termination to Licensor. 

Section 13.3
Termination for Cause. Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon or after the material breach of this Agreement by the other Party if such other Party has not cured such breach within sixty (60) calendar days after receipt of
express written notice thereof and intent to terminate; provided, however, if any default is not capable of being cured within such sixty (60) day period, then the Parties shall negotiate in good faith and agree on a remediation plan allowing
the breaching Party to cure the breach within an additional period of sixty (60) days. If the breaching Party is diligently undertaking to cure such breach in accordance with such plan, then the
non-breaching Party shall have no right to terminate this Agreement for such breach before the end of the sixty (60) days additional cure period. For clarity, (a) any material breach of any In-License by Licensor, or (b) the termination of any In-License by or because of Licensor shall constitute a material breach by Licensor of this Agreement. 

Section 13.4 Effects of Expiration or Termination.

(a) Termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shall not constitute a waiver or release of, or otherwise be deemed to
prejudice or adversely affect, any rights, remedies or claims, whether for damages or otherwise, that a Party may have hereunder or that may arise out of or in connection with such termination or expiration. Termination of this Agreement by a Party
shall be without prejudice to other remedies such Party may have at law or equity. 

(b) Upon (i) expiration (but not termination) of
this Agreement, or (ii) the termination of this Agreement by Licensee for Licensors material breach pursuant to Section 13.3, subject to the terms and conditions of the Development Agreement, Licensor shall hereby grant to Licensee a
worldwide exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free, sublicensable right, license and interest in, to, and under Product Rights to Develop, Manufacture, obtain and maintain Regulatory Approvals for, Commercialize, and otherwise Exploit all
Products in the Licensee Territory in the Field. 

(c) Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason (except if Licensee terminates
this Agreement for Licensors material breach pursuant to Section 13.3), the following provisions apply: 

(i)
After a wind-down period of three (3) months, Licensor shall have a reversion of all rights previously licensed to Licensee hereunder. 

(ii) Licensee shall provide and assign to Licensor or its designee all Regulatory Approvals for the Products to the extent
possible under Applicable Law, at Licensors sole cost and expense. Licensor shall grant to Licensee a worldwide, non-exclusive right of reference (with the right to grant further rights of reference
through multiple tiers) under all such Regulatory Approvals to Develop, Manufacture, obtain and maintain Regulatory Approvals for, and Commercialize any product other than Product in the Licensee Territory. 

(iii) Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to provide assistance, at Licensors expense, as may be
reasonably necessary for Licensor or its designee to commence or continue the Commercialization of the Products in the Licensee Territory for a period of at least one hundred eighty (180) days after the effective date of such termination (the
Transition Period). Additionally, Licensee shall, at Licensors expense, provide Licensor with electronic copies of any promotional and marketing materials generated by or on behalf of Licensee (which

30 

are suitable for use in deriving and creating additional promotional and marketing materials) with respect to Products prior to the effective date of expiration or termination. Upon
Licensor request and Licensees election, Licensee shall continue to Commercialize the Products in the Licensee Territory for up to six (6) months after the effective date of expiration or termination of this Agreement, subject to
reimbursement by Licensor of Licensees reasonable costs and expenses. 

(iv) If at the time of such termination, any
clinical trials for the Products are being conducted by or on behalf of Licensee, its Affiliates or Sublicensees, then Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and Sublicensees to, (A) continue to conduct such clinical trial during the
Transition Period or another period of time as reasonably necessary to ensure patient safety, and (B) after such period, to (x) cooperate with Licensor to transfer the conduct of all such clinical trials to Licensor or its designee or
(y) continue to conduct such clinical trials, at Licensors cost, for so long as necessary to enable such transfer to be completed without interruption of any such clinical trials, and (C) Licensor shall assume any and all liability
and costs for such clinical trial after the effective date of such termination. 

(v) At Licensors election and
request, Licensee shall transfer to Licensor or its designee all of the inventory of Product then in possession or control of Licensee, its Affiliates or Sublicensees; provided that Licensor shall pay Licensee the fair market value for such
Products. 

(vi) At the Disclosing Partys election, the Receiving Party shall return (at Disclosing Partys
expense) or destroy all tangible materials comprising, bearing, or containing any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party that are in the Receiving Partys or its Affiliates or Sublicensees possession or control and provide
written certification of such destruction (except to the extent any information is the Confidential Information of both Parties or to the extent that the Receiving Party has the continuing right to use the Confidential Information under this
Agreement); provided that the Receiving Party may retain one copy of such Confidential Information for its legal archives. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the Receiving Party shall not be required to destroy
electronic files containing such Confidential Information that are made in the ordinary course of its business information back-up procedures pursuant to its electronic. 

(d) The following provisions shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason: Article I, Section 2.5,
Section 9.4 (for the period set forth therein), Article X, Article XI, this Section 13.4, Article XIV, and Article XV. 

ARTICLE XIV 

DISPUTE
RESOLUTION 

Section 14.1 General. The Parties recognize that a claim, dispute or controversy may arise relating to this
Agreement or to the breach, enforcement, interpretation or validity of this Agreement (a Dispute). Any Dispute, including Disputes that may involve the Affiliates of any Party, shall be resolved in accordance with this
Article XIV. 

Section 14.2 Continuance of Rights and Obligations during Pendency of Dispute Resolution. If there are any
Disputes in connection with this Agreement, including Disputes related to termination of this Agreement under Section 13.3, all rights and obligations of the Parties shall continue until such time as any Dispute has been resolved in accordance
with the provisions of this Article XIV. 

31 

Section 14.3 Escalation. Any Dispute shall be referred to the Executive Officers
for attempted resolution. In the event the Executive Officers are unable to resolve such Dispute within thirty (30) days of such Dispute being referred to them, then, upon the written request of either Party to the other Party, the Dispute
shall be subject to arbitration in accordance with Section 14.4. 

Section 14.4 Arbitration. 

(a) If the Parties fail to resolve the Dispute through escalation to the Executive Officers under Section 14.3, and a Party desires to
pursue resolution of the Dispute, the Dispute shall be submitted by either Party for final resolution by arbitration by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under the Commercial Arbitration Rules, excepted as modified
herein. Any disputes concerning the propriety of the commencement of the arbitration or the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate shall be finally settled by the arbitrator. The arbitration shall be conducted by an arbitrator,
mutually agreeable by each Party, experienced in technology development and shall include a written record of the arbitration hearing. In the event an arbitrator cannot be selected by mutual consent, then such arbitrator shall be selected by random
selection from a list provided by each Party. The Parties reserve the right to object to any individual who shall be employed by or affiliated with a competing organization or entity. The seat of arbitration shall be New York City, New York and the
language of the proceedings, including all communications, shall be English. 

(b) The Parties agree that any award or decision made by the
arbitral tribunal shall be final and binding upon them and may be enforced in the same manner as a judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction, and the Parties undertake to carry out any award without delay. The arbitral tribunal shall
render its final award or decision within nine (9) months from the date on which the request for arbitration by one of the Parties wishing to have recourse to arbitration is received by the AAA. The arbitral tribunal shall resolve the Dispute
by applying the provisions of this Agreement and the governing law set forth in Section 15.10. 

(c) By agreeing to arbitration, the
Parties do not intend to deprive any court of its jurisdiction to issue, at the request of a Party, a pre-arbitral injunction, pre-arbitral attachment or other order to
avoid irreparable harm, maintain the status quo, preserve the subject matter of the Dispute, or aid the arbitration proceedings and the enforcement of any award. Without prejudice to such provisional or interim remedies in aid of arbitration as may
be available under the jurisdiction of a competent court, the arbitral tribunal shall have full authority to grant provisional or interim remedies and to award damages for the failure of any Party to the dispute to respect the arbitral
tribunals order to that effect. 

(d) EACH PARTY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL OF ANY ISSUE BY JURY. 

(e) Any decision or award as a result of any such arbitration proceeding shall be in writing and shall provide an explanation for all
conclusions of law and fact and shall include the assessment of costs, expenses, and reasonable attorneys fees. The arbitrators will be authorized to award compensatory damages, but will not be authorized to (i) award non-economic damages (other than specific performance or injunctive relief), (ii) award punitive damages or any other damages expressly excluded under this Agreement, or (iii) reform, modify or materially
change this Agreement or any other agreements 

32 

contemplated hereunder; provided, however, that the damage limitations described in clauses (i) and (ii) will not apply if such damages are statutorily imposed. Each Party
shall bear its own attorneys fees, costs, and disbursements arising out of the arbitration, and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the administrator and the arbitrators; provided, however, that the arbitrators shall be
authorized to determine whether a Party is the prevailing party, and if so, to award to that prevailing party reimbursement for any or all of its reasonable attorneys fees, costs and disbursements (including, for example, expert witness fees
and expenses, photocopy charges, travel expenses, etc.), or the fees and costs of the administrator and the arbitrators. 

Section 14.5 Injunctive Relief. Each Party agrees that, due to the unique nature of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the breach of this Agreement will cause irreparable harm and significant injury to the non-breaching Party, the extent of which will be difficult to ascertain and for which there will be no adequate
remedy at law. Accordingly, and notwithstanding anything in Section 14.4 to the contrary, in the event of a Partys breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement, the non-breaching Party may, in
its discretion, in addition to any other right or available remedy, seek and obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction anywhere in the world an immediate injunction and other equitable relief restraining such breach or any threatened breach
and to specific performance of any provision of this Agreement, without the necessity of posting any bond or other security (or the minimum required by law, if any), proving actual damages, showing irreparable harm, balancing of harms, consideration
of the public interest, or inadequacy of monetary damages as a remedy. Each Party hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, any opposition to the foregoing. This Section 14.5 will apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Article XIV. 

ARTICLE XV 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 15.1 Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be held liable to the other Party nor be deemed to have defaulted under or
breached this Agreement for failure or delay in performing any obligation under this Agreement to the extent such failure or delay is unforeseeable, is caused by or results from causes beyond the reasonable control of the affected Party, and is not
due to such Partys negligence, which may include embargoes, war, acts of war (whether war be declared or not), insurrections, riots, civil commotions, strikes, lockouts or other labor disturbances, fire, floods, pandemics, epidemics or other
acts of God or any other deity (or orders of any Governmental Authority related to any of the foregoing). The affected Party shall notify the other Party of such force majeure circumstances as soon as reasonably practical, and the affected Party
shall promptly undertake all reasonable efforts necessary to remedy such force majeure circumstances. 

Section 15.2 Notices.
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (a) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (b) upon
receipt, when sent by electronic mail (provided that such sent email is kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party does not receive an automatically generated message from the recipients email
server that such e-mail could not be delivered to such recipient); or (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case, properly
addressed to the party to receive the same. The mailing addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be: 

33 

if to Licensor, to: 

Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

960
San Antonio Road 

Palo Alto, CA 94303 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: SLincoln@scilexholding.com 

with copies to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Paul Hastings LLP 

1117 S.
California Avenue 

Palo Alto, CA 94304 

Attention: Jeffrey T. Hartlin; Elizabeth A. Razzano 

Email: jeffhartlin@paulhastings.com; elizabethrazzano@paulhastings.com 

if to Licensee, to: 

RoyaltyVest Ltd. 

Sea Meadow
House 

Waterfront Drive 

Road
Town, British Virgin Islands 

Attention: Eli Hassett 

Email: eli@hassett.biz 

with
copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Morrison & Foerster LLP 

12531 High Bluff Drive 

Suite 200

San Diego, CA 92130 

Attention: Matthew A. Ferry 

Email: mferry@mofo.com 

Each Party may, by
notice given in accordance herewith to the other Party, designate any further or different address to which subsequent notices, consents, waivers and other communications shall be sent. 

Section 15.3 Successors and Assigns. Licensor shall not be entitled to assign any of its rights or delegate any of its obligations
under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Licensee, except that Licensor may, without such consent, assign this Agreement in its entirety to any permitted assignee or successor to Licensors rights and obligations under the
Royalty Agreement. Licensee shall have the right to assign its rights and delegate its obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, (a) upon Licensors prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or
delayed) or (b) with or without such consent to any Affiliate or any successor to all or substantially all of Licensees assets or business to which this Agreement relates in whole or in part. For purposes of the foregoing an assignment or
delegation in part will include with respect to a particular country or jurisdiction and/or with respect to any particular Product. Upon any such assignment in part, the Parties shall amend this Agreement

34 

accordingly and Licensor shall enter into such agreement with Licensees successor thereto as may be reasonably necessary or useful to effectuate or evidence such assignment and delegation
in part. Any purported assignment or delegation in violation of this Section 15.3 will be void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on the Parties successors and permitted assignees. 

Section 15.4 Rights in Bankruptcy. All rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to this Agreement by Licensor to Licensee
are, and shall otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any analogous provisions in any other country or jurisdiction, licenses of right to intellectual property as defined under
Section 101 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The Parties agree that Licensee, as a licensee of such rights under this Agreement, shall retain and may fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any analogous
provisions in any other country or jurisdiction. 

Section 15.5 Performance. Licensee may discharge any obligation and exercise
any right hereunder through any of its Affiliates or Sublicensees. Licensee hereby guarantees performance by its Affiliates and Sublicensees of Licensees obligations under this Agreement, and Licensee shall cause its Affiliates and
Sublicensees to comply with the provisions of this Agreement in connection with such performance. 

Section 15.6 Fees. Promptly
after the Effective Date, Licensee shall cause an invoice to be sent to Licensor for all attorneys fees incurred by the members of Licensee in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. Licensor shall pay such invoice within thirty
(30) days after receipt of such invoice. 

Section 15.7 Independent Nature of Relationship. The relationship between
Licensor and Licensee is solely that of licensor and licensee, and neither Party has any fiduciary or other special relationship with the other Party or any of its Affiliates. This Agreement is not a partnership or similar agreement, and nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to constitute Licensor and Licensee as a partnership, an association, a joint venture, or any other kind of entity or legal form for any purposes, including any tax purposes. The Parties agree that they shall not
take any inconsistent position with respect to such treatment in a filing with any Governmental Authority. 

Section 15.8 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Exhibits and Schedules hereto, constitute a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of agreement between the Parties, and supersede all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, both
written and oral, between the Parties, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, provided that nothing in this Agreement will supersede the Royalty Agreement, which is and will remain in full force and effect in accordance with its
terms. Without limiting the foregoing, this Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Term Sheet, which shall be of no further force or effect. 

Section 15.9 Non-Contravention. Neither Party shall take any action to contravene or
interfere with any rights granted to the other Party hereunder. 

Section 15.10 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO THE RULES THEREOF RELATING TO CONFLICTS OF LAW OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL
OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 

35 

Section 15.11 Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is
held to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced in accordance with the terms hereunder, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement will nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of
the transaction contemplated by this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to either Party. Upon any such determination, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect their original intent as
contemplated by this Agreement to the greatest extent possible. 

Section 15.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in
any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each Party shall have received a counterpart
hereof signed by the other Party. Any counterpart may be executed by facsimile or other similar means of electronic transmission, including PDF, and such facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be deemed an original. 

Section 15.13 Amendments; No Waivers. Neither this Agreement nor any term or provision hereof may be amended, supplemented,
restated, waived, changed or modified except with the written consent of both Parties. No failure or delay by any Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise
thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. No notice to or demand on any Party in any case shall entitle it to any notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. No waiver or
approval hereunder shall, except as may otherwise be stated in such waiver or approval, be applicable to subsequent transactions. No waiver or approval hereunder shall require any similar or dissimilar waiver or approval thereafter to be granted
hereunder. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Applicable Law. 

Section 15.14 No Third Party Rights. Other than the Parties, no Person will have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim
under or with respect to this Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended or terminated, and any provision of this Agreement may be waived, without the consent of any Person who is not a Party. Licensor shall have the right enforce any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim under or with respect to this Agreement for the benefit of Licensor Indemnitees and Licensee shall have the right to enforce any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or with respect to this Agreement for
the benefit of the Licensee Indemnitees. 

Section 15.15 Table of Contents and Headings. The Table of Contents and headings of
the Articles and Sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

{SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS} 

36 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first
written above. 

LICENSOR:

SCILEX PHARMACEUTICALS INC., a Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ Jaisim Shah

Name: Jaisim Shah

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Secretary

[Signature Page to Lidocaine License Agreement] 

LICENSEE:

ROYALTYVEST LTD., a British Virgin Islands corporation

By: 

/s/ Eli Hassett

Name: Eli Hassett

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Lidocaine License Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d859484dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

February 22, 2025 

Scilex Holding Company 

960 San Antonio Road 

Palo Alto, CA 94303 

Attn: Stephen Ma 

VIA EMAIL 

Re: 

Parent Guarantee for Lidocaine License Agreement (this Side Letter)

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is
made to that Lidocaine License Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2025 (the License Agreement), between Scilex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Licensor) and RoyaltyVest Ltd. (Licensee). All
capitalized terms used but not defined in this Side Letter have their respective meanings set forth in the License Agreement. 

WHEREAS, Scilex Holding
Company (Scilex) is an Affiliate who is the ultimate parent company of Licensor; and 

WHEREAS, Licensee desires Scilex to guarantee the
due and proper performance of Licensors obligations under the License Agreement and otherwise, and Scilex is willing to grant the performance guarantee hereinafter provided. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements, representations and warranties set forth herein and of other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties covenant and agree as follows: 

Section 1.1
Representations and Warranties. Scilex represents and warrants to Licensee as follows: 

(a) Scilex is duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation. 

(b) Scilex (i) has the requisite power and
authority and the legal right to enter into this Side Letter and to perform its obligations hereunder; and (ii) has taken all requisite action on its part to authorize the execution and delivery of this Side Letter and the performance of its
obligations hereunder. This Side Letter has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of Scilex, and constitutes a legal, valid, binding obligation, enforceable against Scilex in accordance with its terms. All rights purported to be granted in this
Side Letter are duly granted hereby. 

Page 1 

(c) All necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of all Governmental Authorities and
other persons or entities required to be obtained by Scilex in connection with this Side Letter have been obtained. 

(d) The execution and
delivery of this Side Letter and the performance of Scilexs obligations hereunder (i) do not and will not conflict with or violate any requirement of Applicable Laws, regulations or orders of governmental bodies; and (ii) do not and
will not conflict with, or constitute a default under, any contractual obligation of Scilex. 

(e) As of the effective date of this Side
Letter, there is no action or proceeding pending against Scilex that questions in any material respect the validity of this Side Letter or any action taken by Scilex in connection with the execution of this Side Letter. 

(f) The operation of the business of Scilex and its Affiliates is being, and has been, conducted in material compliance with all Applicable
Laws, including Compliance Laws. Neither Scilex nor any of its Affiliates has received any written notice to the effect that the operation of the business of Scilex or its Affiliates is not, and was not, in material compliance with any such
Applicable Laws, including Compliance Laws. 

Section 1.2 Performance Guarantee

(a) In consideration of Licensee entering into the License Agreement with Licensor, Scilex hereby covenants and agrees unconditionally with
Licensee, its successors and assigns that: 

(i) Licensor shall properly, diligently and in good time observe the provisions of and perform
and discharge any and all its obligations contained in or arising from the License Agreement, as supplemented and amended from time to time; 

(ii) If Licensor defaults in any manner whatsoever in the due and proper performance of the License Agreement, or commits any breach of the
provisions thereof or of any of the duties above mentioned, Scilex shall, forthwith upon written request from Licensee so to do, assume and properly and diligently perform and discharge any and all of said obligations or duties remaining
unfulfilled; and 

(iii) Scilex shall pay to Licensee on demand all monies due and owing by Licensor to Licensee under the License
Agreement or pursuant to any claim made by Licensee relating to or arising out of the License Agreement (collectively, the Guarantee). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Scilex and Licensor will be jointly and
severally liable for any and all obligations and liabilities of Licensor under or in connection with the License Agreement. 

Page 2 

(b) The Guarantee shall be a primary obligation of Scilex and accordingly Licensee shall not
be obliged before enforcing the Guarantee to take any action in court against Licensor, to make any claim against or any demand of Licensor, to enforce any other security held by it in respect of the obligations of Licensor under the License
Agreement or to exercise any diligence against Licensor. 

(c) Scilex shall, on demand, indemnify and hold Licensee harmless from and
against any and all losses and expenses, of whatsoever nature (including, without limitation, all legal fees and expenses), in any way connected with breach by Licensor of its obligations contained in or arising from the License Agreement, and any
supplement or amendments thereto, and/or breach by Scilex of the duties described herein, whether or not any such breach is caused, wholly or in part, by negligence of Licensor or Scilex. 

(d) The Guarantee shall be in addition to, and not in substitution for, any rights or remedies that Licensee may have against Licensor arising
under the License Agreement or otherwise, and Scilex shall not be released from the obligations hereunder by reason of any time or forbearance granted by Licensee to Licensor or Scilex. 

(e) Any material breach of the Side Letter (including the Guarantee) by Scilex shall constitute a material breach by Licensor of the License
Agreement. 

(f) In the event of any Claim or dispute arising out of or relating to the Guarantee, the provisions of the License Agreement
with regard to applicable law and conflict resolution shall apply as if fully repeated herein. An award obtained pursuant to the License Agreement by Licensee against Licensor shall also be binding on Scilex. 

(g) Scilex agrees that the Guarantee and Scilexs obligations under this Article I are irrevocable, continuing, absolute, and
unconditional and will not be reduced, discharged or otherwise adversely affected, and Scilex hereby irrevocably waives any defenses to enforcement it may have (now or in the future) thereto. 

Section 1.3 Termination

(a) Scilex shall provide Licensee with written notice of any Change of Control of Licensor within five (5) Business Days after the
consummation of such Change of Control, and this Side Letter and the Guarantee shall automatically terminate upon the consummation of such Change of Control. Change of Control means the occurrence of any one of the following
events, whether in one transaction or in a series of related transactions: (i) a Third Party acquires, directly 

Page 3 

or indirectly, shares of Licensor representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting shares (where voting refers to being entitled to vote for the election of directors) then outstanding of
Licensor; (ii) Licensor consolidates with or merges into a Third Party, or a Third Party consolidates with or merges into Licensor, in either event pursuant to a transaction in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting shares of the
acquiring or resulting Person outstanding immediately after such consolidation or merger are not held by the holders of the outstanding voting shares of Licensor preceding such consolidation or merger; (iii) Licensor assigns, conveys,
transfers, leases or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to a Third Party; or (iv) Licensors permitted assignment of its rights and delegation of its obligations under the License Agreement to a Third Party. 

(b) Termination of this Side Letter for any reason shall not constitute a waiver or release of, or otherwise be deemed to prejudice or
adversely affect, any rights, remedies or claims, whether for damages or otherwise, that a party may have hereunder or that may arise out of or in connection with such termination. Termination of this Side Letter by a party shall be without
prejudice to other remedies such party may have at law or equity. 

ARTICLE II 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 2.1 Entire Agreement. This Side Letter constitutes a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of agreement between
the parties, and supersede all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, both written and oral, between the parties, with respect to the subject matter of this Side Letter. 

Section 2.2 Governing Law. THIS SIDE LETTER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO THE RULES THEREOF RELATING TO CONFLICTS OF LAW OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND
REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 

Section 2.3 Counterparts. This Side
Letter may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Side Letter shall become effective when each party shall have
received a counterpart hereof signed by the other party. Any counterpart may be executed by facsimile or other similar means of electronic transmission, including PDF, and such facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be deemed
an original. 

Page 4 

Section 2.4 Amendments; No Waivers. Neither this Side Letter nor any term or
provision hereof may be amended, supplemented, restated, waived, changed or modified except with the written consent of both parties. No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. No notice to or demand on any party in any case shall entitle it to any notice or demand
in similar or other circumstances. No waiver or approval hereunder shall, except as may otherwise be stated in such waiver or approval, be applicable to subsequent transactions. No waiver or approval hereunder shall require any similar or dissimilar
waiver or approval thereafter to be granted hereunder. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Applicable Law. 

[Signature Page Follows.] 

Page 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Side Letter as of the day and year first written above.

SCILEX:

SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY, a Delaware corporation

By: 

/s/ Jaisim Shah

Name: Jaisim Shah

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

Page 6 

LICENSEE:

ROYALTYVEST LTD., a British Virgin Islands corporation

By: 

/s/ Eli Hassett

Name: Eli Hassett

Title: Director

Page 7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sclxw-20250222.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sclxw-20250222_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sclxw-20250222_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock Par Value 0.0001 Per Share 2 [Member] 
Common Stock Par Value 0.0001 Per Share 2 [Member] 

Warrants To Purchase One Share Of Common Stock Each At An Exercise Price Of 11.50 Per Share 1 [Member] 
Warrants To Purchase One Share Of Common Stock Each At An Exercise Price Of 11.50 Per Share 1 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>sclxw-20250222_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 22, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name Scilex Holding Co

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001820190

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 22, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39852

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-1062542

Entity Address, Address Line One 960 San Antonio Road

Entity Address, City or Town Palo Alto

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94303

City Area Code (650)

Local Phone Number 516-4310

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period true

Common Stock Par Value 0.0001 Per Share 2 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol SCLX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants To Purchase One Share Of Common Stock Each At An Exercise Price Of 11.50 Per Share 1 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Warrants to purchase one share of common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol SCLXW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: sclxw_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: sclxw_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=sclxw_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShare2Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=sclxw_WarrantsToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtAnExercisePriceOf11.50PerShare1Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250222/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d859484d8k.htm 
sclxw-20250222.xsd 
sclxw-20250222_def.xml 
sclxw-20250222_lab.xml 
sclxw-20250222_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-039211-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d859484d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001820190 

2025-02-22 
2025-02-22 

0001820190 

sclxw:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShare2Member 

2025-02-22 
2025-02-22 

0001820190 

sclxw:WarrantsToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtAnExercisePriceOf11.50PerShare1Member 

2025-02-22 
2025-02-22 

Scilex Holding Co 
false 
0001820190 
8-K 
2025-02-22 
DE 
001-39852 
92-1062542 
960 San Antonio Road 
Palo Alto 
CA 
94303 
(650) 
516-4310 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
SCLX 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase one share of common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
SCLXW 
NASDAQ 
true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>